[{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Accidents Happen","Author":"rozelic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13074912","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It wasn't often that Arthur got a chance to slip out of the North Pole unnoticed, especially now that he was Santa, so whenever he managed to do so, he relished it. It wasn't that he disliked being at home, quite the contrary. Arthur adored his new job and everything that came along with it. The only problem was that being Santa took up a lot more of his time than when he had been working in the letters department, which meant less time for the silly little things that he would do to fill up his spare time, like rereading his favourite letters or reorganizing them or following Steve around or browsing toy stores. This last one, it was a little odd that he enjoyed it so much, considering that what they mainly did in the North Pole all year round was make toys, but there was something about the endless shelves of action figures, dolls and toy cars that brought a little happiness to Arthur. He couldn't explain it, he just found it fun, no matter how much Steve would call it pointless. This time, he'd made it all the way to London, to one of his favourite toy stores. He'd parked EVIE where no one would notice her, so he had plenty of time to spare. He hummed softly to himself as he walked up and down the aisles, his gaze flying over rows and rows of dolls, looking for any changes that had been made since his last visit, only to come to a stop when his eyes had fallen upon a certain doll. Arthur grimaced at the sight of it. It was a bride doll, complete with white dress, a bouquet of roses and a plastic face framed by a matching white veil that beamed up at him. To any other person, the doll might not have caused any reaction at all, but to Arthur, it made his stomach turn into a knot. The main reason he'd slipped out that day had been to escape his mother and her neverending hints at his single status. Yes, Arthur knew that, as Santa, he'd have to someday find a Mrs Santa to carry on the family legacy, but it didn't mean he agreed with the tradition. After all, Steve was a much better candidate than he ever could be, not to mention that he had better genes to pass on. Arthur could bet that nobody in the North Pole wanted another lanky clumsy disaster running around the place, but still his mother softly pressed and urged him into trying to get a date and bring a girl home. He'd tried, at first, but without success. The brunet was no good talking to women,let alone managing to get a date with one of them. It was almost like they fled from him. It only took one look at him and they were practically running for the hills. Not that he'd met any girl that he'd liked anyway. They were all the same to him. With a frustrated huff, Arthur flicked angrily at the box, causing the doll to tumble back and forth a little in her confines before settling once again in her initial position. He was a lost cause, and the sooner his mother accepted that, the better. Stuffing his hands in his pockets, Arhur made his way back to the entrance of the store, suddenly not in the mood for toy browsing anymore. As he dragged his feet to the front door, he failed to notice someone else approaching it from the other side, so distracted he was by his own thoughts as he reached out to push it open. He was quickly pulled away from said thoughts, after he'd heard the loud thunk the impact of the hard glass against the stranger's face made. \"Ouch!\" A feminine voice cried out. Arthur visibly paled, and quickly made his way outside without colliding with her again. \"I am so sorry!\" He blurted out, hands hovering over her, unsure of what he could do to help. \"A-Are you okay? It was an accident! I swear! I'm sorry!\" She stood there for a moment, holding on to her nose and with her eyes squeezed shut. Arthur's chest tightened. Was she in pain? Horrible pain? Oh, no. No,no, no. Had he hurt her that badly? Should he call someone? The police? The hospital? His mother?! Just as he was about to sink his hand into his pocket after his HO-HO, she opened her eyes and began to lower her hands away from her face after a few soft taps on her nose, checking that it was okay. It must have still hurt, since she winced a little with every tap, but at least it didn't seem to be anything too serious. Then she looked at him, and Arthur's chest tightened once again, but in a completely different way this time. Her gaze woke something in him. A new and alien feeling that Arthur wasn't sure if he liked or not. His heart skipped a beat, and he was suddenly short of breath, completely transfixed by her. Why? There was nothing particularly remarkable about her, but yet, there was also something undeniably extraordinary about her. He was drawn to her, and to her eyes. Those eyes, for a few brief seconds he was hypnotized by them, that indescribable feeling running through him from head to toe over and over again. Her lips moved, and for the shortest of moments Arthur could have sworn he had wanted to kiss them. \"-fine, don't worry.\" Arthur's brow furrowed, then lifted as he realized she was speaking to him. Oh, no. Had he been staring at her? Had she seen him staring at her? For crying out loud, of course she had seen him. Okay, okay, time to stop being creepy and try to act like a normal human being. You can do this, Arthur. He shook his head before answering her. \"Uh… sorry, what? I...uh...blanked out for a moment.\" He said, followed by an awkward chuckle. Smooth. He was ready for her to raise an eyebrow at him and leave, but to his surprise, she let out a small giggle at his response, the sound like sweet music in his ears. What was wrong with him? \"I said that I'm fine.\" She repeated. \"My nose hurts a little, but I doubt it's broken. I'll live.\" \"O-Oh.. that's good. I'm glad.\" And he was. Arthur wouldn't have been able to forgive himself if he'd actually hurt her. \"Are you okay?\" \"Me?\" \"Yes, you.\" She smiled. \"You seem a little… distracted.\" \"Yeah, yeah. I'm fine. Just...uh...long day.\" He mirrored her smile, a hand rubbing at the back of his neck. He was a little embarrassed about his behaviour, but he was pleased that she didn't seemed bothered by it. He hadn't been able to help it though, she'd had an effect on him that he'd never experienced before. He wanted to talk to her, get to know her, maybe even be friends? However, before he could say anything else, she dismissed herself with a quick wave. \"Okay, well, see ya.\" She gave him one last smile, before slipping past him into the store, leaving him standing there with a bewildered look on his face. He was a little disappointed that she hadn't stayed, but he had to remind himself that he was just a stranger. He couldn't blame her, and perhaps it was better off that way. Someone like her would never be interested in befriending someone like him anyway. Arthur sighed, shoulders lowering in defeat as he turned and walked away. He doubted he'd run into her again, but maybe one day. Maybe. I saw this prompt list on tumblr and I immediately thought of Arthur and just HAD to give this a try, so this is sort of a pilot chapter. If you guys like it I'll continue, which I hope you do because bOY DO I HAVE A TRIP PLANNED OUT FOR THESE TWO KNUCKLEHEADS Also a few things to mention: - Everything about Reader-chan is going to be super vague and I won't be including any of that (E/C) (Y/N) nonsense because I find it reaaally distracting from the story - While english is my first language I don't use it on a daily basis anymore (i was born and raised in spain and since i moved out i dont have anyone to talk in english to anymore ;0;) so grammar and spelling mistakes are bound to happen - Thank you so much for reading, i hope you have an amazing day 3 ","Summary":" It wasn't often that Arthur got a chance to slip out of the North Pole unnoticed, especially now th"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Christmas Magic","Author":"LostSparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8689678","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gwen always had a place in my heart. Ever since I worked so hard that one year to get her the present she deserved, and to show Santa would never forget her. I know she saw me, that Christmas day. Her small brown eyes lit up, but then she looked away and I disappeared. I waited for her letter every year. Hers was always the nicest, and I always responded to it. She asked how the elves were, they were fine I said, how the reindeer's were, eating lots of carrots I assured, and then how I was. I was fine, as always, and looking forward to Christmas. I made sure she got everything on her list, even though her list was never big. She always said she didn't want to trouble me. She even told me about her new baby sister. And every night on Christmas, I would go to her house, and find her asleep on the couch. I never woke her, neither did the elves, but I always left a merry Christmas note under her arm. But then, one year, a terrible thing happened. I knew it was bound to happen, it happens to everyone, but I was hoping against hope it wouldn't happen to her. Gwen always wrote to me, and often told me how her friends thought it was stupid and that I didn't exist. But every December, there would be a letter. Until the year she turned sixteen. I didn't get a letter from her. I shuffled through the piles and piles of letters, but there was none from Gwen. I felt terrible. The one little girl who had once believed in me heart and soul, now thinks I'm nothing more than a rumour. I couldn't have that. That Christmas I left lots of presents for her little sister. Then, before we left, I left a little box, wrapped in gold paper with a red bow, under the tree for Gwen. It had a note, and a small silver locket. The note read; Dear Gwen, I didn't receive a letter from you this year. Please don't stop believing. - Santa When you opened the locket, it read believe. o0o A year passed, another Christmas is on its way. I didn't get a letter from Gwen, but she's seventeen, what should I have expected. But I did get a letter from her ten-year old sister, demanding lots of presents. I'm kneeling beside under the tree, the elves have already left and I'm just putting the finishing touches. Then I hear a small noise, a gasp. I jump, and there stands seventeen year old Gwen. She's tall now, her hair has grown down to her elbows, but it's as curly as it was when she was younger. Her brown eyes are wide in shock... and the locket's clasped around her neck. \"Hello, Gwen.\" I whisper. \"Hello, old friend.\" she whispers. After that year, Gwen always believed. That little girl, my old friend, knows not to stay awake for me, but I know that she believes, and she'll always believe. And in this harsh world, believing in something like Santa Claus and Christmas magic is sometimes the best thing you can do, because everyone needs a little magic. Hello :) I'm in a very Christmas-y mood today, and I watched Arthur Christmas last night, and I really wanted to write this. Reviews would be lovely :) ","Summary":" Gwen always had a place in my heart. Ever since I worked so hard that one year to get her the prese"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Oh Holly Knight","Author":"CSI Clue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12271389","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh Holly Knight In the course of a year, things had gotten better. Steve Claus didn't want to openly admit it; it wasn't in his nature to dwell on the past—at least not too much anymore these days—but life was certainly smoother now that he'd worked a few issues out with Dad and Arthur and Grand-Santa. It had taken some time, but from the moment he'd watched little Gwen Hines from Trelew take her new bike out in the snow that morning nearly nine months ago, Steve had come to realize that there was more to Christmas than logistics and statistics. To be sure there were days when he backslid a bit, particularly when some deadline for upgrades loomed, but on the whole, he understood now that Christmas held an intrinsic emotional magic, no matter what strings where pulled behind the scenes. Still, it was a bit of a lonely job at times. Oh he supervised the rigorous training regimes for the elves, and worked on upgrading and restoring the S1 and crunched the numbers for the coming year's projections. Steve had more than enough to DO—in theory he had enough for ten Clauses to do—but that didn't make turning in to an empty bedroom night after night any easier. He supposed Arthur would find someone at some point. Both he and his brother did make trips to England ostensibly to check out the latest toy fads and gadgets, but Steve knew his mother harbored the private hope that they'd each enjoy company that wasn't two feet high and completely obsessed with Christmas. After all, Grand-Santa had courted Granny-Santa at the Crystal Pavilion back at the turn of the century, and his parents had met at Harrods during a Boxing Day sale. People met. People had tea and chatted and sometimes fell in love, if they were lucky. Arthur always wanted to go in November, as late in the month as possible, in hopes of catching some early season cheer. Going in December was out of the question of course—too close to the mission to spend time away from the Pole. Steve didn't really have a preferred time of year. He generally went during the major Tech expos and even then spent most of his time in front of plasma screens or in seminars that discussed the latest information in cloaking and transport breakthroughs. Still, he found time to enjoy the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew, and take in some sunshine—in moderation of course. Years of living under artificial lights combined with a genetically fair complexion left him susceptible to sunburn. The hydroponics section was particularly fascinating, and he made a note on his HoHo to look into the possibility of a start-up fueled by camouflaged solar panels. It would be nice to have some fresh greens instead of relying on the stuff shipped in every two weeks or so . . . . Steve's musings were interrupted by the sound of a polite argument a little ways off and he looked up to see a man and a woman in the midst of a hissing disagreement. The man wore a lab coat and a sardonic sneer that suggested he enjoyed verbally strong-arming the woman. The woman though, looked as if she wanted to storm off and couldn't. She had curly black hair untidily braided in a rope down her back, and behind her horn rim glasses her eyes flashed a dangerous shade of blue. Steve noted that she had a fancy tech tablet, and kept thrusting it at the man, as if to make the numbers on it jump off at him. Even though they were both trying to keep their voices down, it was clear that the disagreement was coming to a head. \"I'm not the only one who cares about getting these to Svalbard, George! Please don't keep denying the funding for personal reasons!\" Her accent was American, and her voice husky; Steve found himself taking her side without even knowing what the argument was about. She was adamant, and Steve admired the way she stood up to the pudgy man, even though her colleague made it clear from his body language that he wasn't about to yield to her argument. \"I resent your accusations that I have an agenda, Doctor Knight, and it's clear to me that if anyone has a personal crusade going here, it's you. If you persist in this waste of time I will be forced to cut your department's funding even further.\"Having delivered this message, the pudgy man turned and waddled off, insufferably pleased with himself. Steve felt a surge of chivalrous anger rise up in him; he wanted very much to step in and cut the man down to size even if he had no idea what the disagreement was about. He sighed, aware that he was eavesdropping to some degree, and as he shifted to take a step back, the woman looked directly over at him, lifting her eyes to meet his. That gaze pinned him, and in that instant he felt the strong and immediate link to her. It was as if they'd synched; made a high-speed connection, with a rush of attraction so powerful Steve felt a moment's dizziness as he blinked. \"Sorry you had to see that,\" she told him, giving a resigned little shrug of her shoulders. \"Not everybody thinks plants are worth saving.\" \" I do,\" he responded automatically. At this point she could have said anything— all kittens should be slaughtered, the Ozone was a myth—and Steve would have agreed with her. It would have been a crime not to agree with someone that dedicated, that compassionate, that . . . striking. \"Glad to hear it,\" she replied, and smiled, revealing a dimple on her cheek. The effect was devastating, and Steve Claus, normally a man of intelligence, organization and strategy, found himself struck dumb as he blushed like a brand-new Christmas bulb. The woman sauntered past him, her hands deep in her pockets, her tablet tucked under her arm. As she did so, she added, \"Nice beard. Very . . . arboreal.\" Steve turned to watch her go, a thousand things racing through his mind, but nothing made it past his lips, and once she was gone, he gave a great, gusty sigh. He ran a hand through the tuffet of his grey hair, wondering if it was too early to have a pint somewhere to forget about ships passing in the night. The next time he saw her, it was dawn, nearly thirty below Celsius, and snowing hard. One of the meteorological team had picked up the heat blip during a routine security scan and notified him. Steve had the perimeter cameras focus in, and realized this particular intruder wasn't the usual stray polar bear tripping the sensors. There was a protocol for dealing with unauthorized visitors, one that required snowmobiles, tranquilizers and a quick delivery to Alert, Nunavut in Canada or Station Nord, Demark—whichever was manned at the moment. Steve usually oversaw rescues from the Command Centre, but given there was still the better part of a year until C Day, decided to go himself with one of the hover-sleds. He hadn't heard of any new expedition teams—he prided himself of being up-to-date on all polar research—but occasionally there were individuals who made the attempt. Mad and sad, but true. Most of them stayed away from the pole after being rescued, thank God. He bundled up and took the wheel of the hover-sled, leaving Peter behind to keep an eye on the Command Centre. The winds were gusting in unpredictable blasts, and the grey horizon was darker than the floes and ice fields all around him. Steve checked the screen and set out, slightly annoyed and slightly amused at the same time, confident he'd be back in time for tea. He tightened his goggles and roared out, gliding over the ice easily. According to the directions, Steve realized he was heading towards Norway, roughly, and within an hour he reached the site, slowing a little as the sky began to drop snow in big fat flakes. He wished he'd brought a thermos of hot cocoa; the weather promised to get nastier, and at this rate, visibility would disappear rapidly. Steve envied his family for a moment on their cruise to the Caribbean. His parents certainly deserved the trip and while Arthur hadn't sure about going, Grand-Santa had been, telling everyone who'd listen that he was going to eat his way through every buffet the ship offered. He'd even ordered a new set of teeth too, just for the occasion. Steve peered at the screen and realized he was within visual range now. He lifted his head and hit the filter button for the infrared goggles, letting his gaze sweep across the uneven terrain. Bits of track and fiberglass littered the ground, and he saw the broken Snow Flyer crumpled up alongside a heavy ridge of ice that rose up from the frozen landscape. It didn't look good, and he wondered grimly if he would be in time. There'd been deaths before, and none of them had been pleasant. Still, the heat reading was registering, so Steve slowed the Hover-sled and circled around, studying the wreckage. Off to one side, a form lay prone, partially covered with snow. The glow made it clear that whoever lay there, they were still alive, and Steve let out a gusty sigh of relief. He put the Hover-sled into park and climbed off, moving to check on the victim. \"Hallo! Can you hear me?\" A soft moan carried over the wind, and that was good enough for him. Steve knelt down and brushed the snow away from the long ridge on the uneven ground, realizing that whoever it was didn't have long if they didn't get warmed up soon. He dug with his big mitts, pulling the figure up and slinging it over one shoulder. It wasn't an elegant maneuver, but it would do for now. Steve lumbered his way back to the hover-sled and gently put the nearly-frozen figure into the bundle compartment. In this weather there was no chance of reaching either Alert or Nord, which left only one alternative, he realized. The trip back didn't take nearly as long, and Steve prided himself on getting in well before the storm hit hard. At the garage, a medical team was already standing by, prepared to start administering aid for hypothermia. He pulled in and slowed the hover-sled, nodding. \"Right. I don't know how long this chap's been out there, but I think it's going to be all right.\" \"Yes sir,\" came a cheerful chirp from somewhere around his knees. Peter looked up, bright-eyed as ever. \"Radio traffic's been distorted, but nothing's come over any of the emergency channels yet.\" \"Keep on it; someone's bound to say something,\" Steve murmured, accepting the mug of espresso with soy and fair trade sugar from the elf. \"What's the latest weather report?\" \"The edge of the storm will be hitting us in about three hours,\" came the quick response from one of the meteorology team. \"Not typical for this time of year, but with global warming, the trends are taking a major shift, sir.\" \"Are we secured?\" At this Peter actually managed a quick salute. \"We are indeed. I took the liberty of sending a quick note to your father and brother before you left, giving them a status update. Oh, and I found an e-copy of that action novel you wanted, sir.\" This last was stage-whispered, and Steve fought the urge to roll his eyes. \"Thank you, Peter,\" he replied, and sipped the coffee. \"I think I'll just check in on our . . . guest, then.\" He strode to the window of the isolation bay and looked in as a team of elves in medical gear efficiently pulled the boots, jacket and gloves off of the figure on the table. As more and more of the patient was uncovered, Steve blinked, aware of something he hadn't realized during the rescue. When her jumper came off, revealing a lacy ad well-filled bra, he gulped. \"Good Lord, it's a woman!\" It was indeed a woman, judging by the curves, calves and curls. Steve felt himself flush bright red and it took a long moment before he spun away from the glass, feeling ten kinds of fool for not realizing this now obvious fact. The coffee sloshed in a wave over the floor, and Steve gritted his teeth at the mess. A woman. This could be a problem. One of the elves came to the window and rapped on it, catching his attention. \"Sir,\" came the worried voice, muffled slightly by the glass. \"We can deal with the hypothermia, but we're going to have a slight problem with acquiring . . . apparel for our patient?\" Of course they would, Steve realized. The majority of the wardrobe here at the pole was elf-sized, and the items that weren't wouldn't fit their guest very well. That left only . . . \"You're hereby authorized to appropriate any suitable clothing from the Claus family wardrobes,\" Steve ordered over his shoulder. \"Your best candidate, size-wise, would probably be Arthur. Take whatever you think best.\" There, immediate problem solved. That only left about ninety-nine more to deal with. Steve added, \"I'll be in the control room . . . controlling things.\" He headed back, determined to concentrate on whatever he could find to take his mind off the current situation. There was maintenance to the S1 Evie to consider, and the ongoing algorithms for maximum present distribution, and, and . . . Steve gritted his teeth, giving into mild inner panic. A guest. A female guest. Here. At the pole. There had been no real plan for this contingency—everything he and dad and Grand-Santa had ever dealt with involved keeping a defensive perimeter and beyond that most people trying to reach the pole had been men. The oncoming storm insured that she'd be staying here for a while and he had no idea what to do. Confine her to medical centre? They didn't have any sort of facilities for detainment on base, and the empty storage units were unheated, and having her bunk in with the elves . . . no. Just, no . \"I'll have to give her my room,\" he said aloud, moving into the command centre. \"Beg pardon sir?\" one of the nearest elves swiveled to look at him. \"Nothing. Just . . . what's the latest weather report? For the immediate proximity I mean.\" \"Oh, well the storm's been officially upgraded to a blizzard now. Good thing you got back when you did.\" \"Yes,\" Steve agreed a trifle grimly. \"How long is it expected to last?\" \"Two days for sure; might be as long as a week,\" the elf replied. \"The supply shuttles barely got out in time, but we're stocked up.\" \"Brilliant,\" Steve sighed. \"By the way, which stations are manned at the moment?\" A ripple passed through one of the banks of elves and they did quick consults before another one spoke up. \"Nord's on a skeleton crew at the moment but Alert is active. Of course they're as snowbound as we are, sir.\" Steve nodded, feeling a sense of fatalism now. There was no way around it; they had a guest for the duration. Much later, he was in the middle of an electronics requisition form when the main computer announced, \"There has been an unauthorized discharge from the medical wing.\" \"Unauthorized—oh no,\" Steve muttered, shooting to his feet and heading for the corridor. The last thing he needed was for the girl to end up wandering around the base. As he ran towards the medical wing he called out, \"close off all essential doorways immediately!\" \"Acknowledged,\" the computer assured him. He came around the corner and nearly collided with the girl, who immediately hunched into a defensive stance, her eyes locked on him, her dark curly hair flowing over her shoulders. She wore one of Arthur's holiday jumpers—a red one with dancing candy canes- and while it generally looked baggy on his lean brother, this girl's figure filled it out in distractingly pleasant ways. Likewise the borrowed green sweatpants clung to curves that Arthur never had. Steve held up his hands in a placating manner. \"Let's just calm down now,\" he rumbled. \"Oh I'm calm,\" she retorted, \"but I'm getting out of here, so you better move.\" \"Miss, please,\" Steve tried to reason. \"You're safe.\" \"Where am I?\" she shifted to his left, trying to circumvent him. Steve countered it, vaguely aware that she seemed to know what she was doing. \"A secure location,\" he bluffed. \"For your own good.\" \"Only I get to decide what's for my own good,\" she informed him tersely. \"When I wake up in a hospital bed wearing somebody else's clothes and everyone I see is a Little Person, that's when it's time to get out of Dodge.\" \"What?\" Steve demanded, side-tracked. \"Aren't you dodging now?\" The girl smiled against her will for a moment, tossing her hair out of her glasses. \"Not that kind of dodge. Now move. Please.\" Irritated now, Steve straightened up and extended one hand to stop her. \"Miss, don't make me—\" She grabbed his forearm, turned, and neatly flipped him over her shoulder to the floor. Steve barely had time to realize what was happening before he hit with a heavy thud. Elves poured out of the medical bay door, watching in dismay. \"Sir, are you hurt?\" one of them called out. The girl seemed surprised at her own actions but after one glance back, ran off down the hallway. Steve got to his feet, feeling humiliated, out-of-breath, and under all that, faintly impressed. \"I'm fine.\" He tapped his earpiece. \"Computer, close access to all doors off of main corridor B. Peter?\" \"Sir?\" his small aide de camp called back over the device. \"Find a way to track our guest via heat sensor and sent it to my Hoho. If I'm right, she'll be dead-ended just north of the medical wing.\" \"On it sir!\" Steve checked his tablet and the maze of hallways lit up on the screen, looking like a Pac Man display. He watched the small heat blip move surprisingly fast down and around various corners only to double back. Cautiously Steve moved forward, waving back the elves as he began to box the woman in. Reaching a corner he called out, \"all right, now that you've seen you can't get out, I think it's time to talk, Miss.\" Into his earpiece he added, \"Do we have any identification for this woman?\" \"Doctor Holly Knight, sir. She's an ethno-botanist with the Terra Pax Foundation out of London,\" Peter told him. \"Doctor Knight,\" Steve tried again, moving cautiously around the corner. She was there, back in her defensive judo stance, looking a little less confident now. \"Fine that's me; who are you?\" \"Stephen—Steve Claus,\" he told her. \"I'm in charge here.\" She finally focused on his camouflage, her expression perplexed. \"Are those . . . pine trees?\" Steve glanced down. \"Ah, yes. My own design, actually.\" \"But with the red background you won't blend in anywhere except maybe a gift wrap booth,\" she pointed out and Steve felt a little affronted. \"It's more for esprit de corps than application,\" he replied, a little stuffily and when Holly looked up, her dimple brought back a memory for him. \"Hold on a moment, I know you. Kew Gardens, a month ago!\" She blinked and then her smile widened. \"Yes. Guy with the cute beard! You looked like you wanted to slug George Drossel as much as I did!\" \"Well he was being excessively rude,\" Steve felt himself flush, \"Er, cute beard?\" To his relief she did too, looking away and pushing her glasses up. \"Yes, well Doctor Drossel thought he had the last word about the seed vault but he didn't and now my collection from the Finnish bogs is registered and safe!\" \"Seed vault? Finnish bogs?\" Steve felt himself at a loss. \"Do you mean to say you went to Svalbard on a snowmobile?\" \"Only from town,\" she told him, relaxing her stance a bit. \"The fog came up as I was leaving and I had to rely on my borrowed GPS. So . . . are we on some military base outside of Norway or something?\" Steve took a deep breath. \"Not . . . precisely.\" \"Then what , precisely?\" she asked. Steve lifted his furry chin as he considered all the reasons not to tell this relative stranger about the Operation, about the generations of work dedicated to the world-wide spirit of the Christmas season, but the sight of her in Arthur's jumper undid all of them. \"Come with me.\" Ten minutes later she was still hyper-ventilating, hunched over as Steve gingerly rubbed her back. \"Breathe, Doctor Knight, breathe. Please.\" \"A C-C-Christmas Command Center!\" she gasped for the fifth time. \"It's GOT to be a hallucination! I'm dying on some ice floe while my brain is freezing and throwing together all sorts of random memories.\" \"No Miss, you're not,\" Peter assured her as he consulted his tablet. \"We've accessed your files for verification: Holly I. Knight of 33 Chaucer Avenue, Richmond, England. Last fulfilled gift request twenty years ago: Easy-bake oven. In turquoise.\" She straightened up, eyes wide behind her glasses. \"Yes! I loved that thing!\" Turning to Steve she added in astonishment, \"Wait, so you're Santa Claus?\" \"I'm a Claus but not the official Santa,\" he admitted, feeling only a tinge of resentment instead of the usual rush. Time and experience had given Steve a better understanding of his place in the hierarchy and a sense of peace. \"One of five of us here at the pole.\" \"There are FIVE of you?\" \"Grand-dad, mother, father, Arthur and me,\" Steve told her with a little shrug. \"It IS a family business.\" \"Of course,\" she murmured, still dazed. \"Are they stuffing stockings somewhere?\" \"Oh no, there's an entire battalion of elves for that,\" Steve assured her. \"Right now the family's on a cruise in the Bahamas since it's the off-season. I stayed behind to keep an eye on things.\" \"Excuse me for interrupting sir, but there's a bulletin about Doctor Knight coming from Longyearbyen,\" one of the elves at the consoles chirped. \"She's been reported as missing.\" \"Oh damn, I've got to get back,\" Holly blurted, suddenly aware of the world outside of the base. \"I'll need to pay for the snowmobile and let Nigel know I'm not dead.\" \"Nigel?\" Steve felt a sinking sensation in his stomach. \"Nigel Melcher, my fiancé,\" she responded faintly. \"He lent me his GPS. Damn it, I'll have to replace that as well. Do you have my cell phone?\" \"Sorry Miss,\" Peter told her. \"We do, but it won't work as long as we're in the storm.\" The next three days of the storm were among the most unsettling Steve had been through in years. On the one hand he had company; Holly Knight was bright and fascinating to talk to—full of ideas and opinions about everything. They'd gone from uneasy truce to a more comfortable companionship early on. She also knew a great deal about technology, particularly as it applied to plants, and had a wry view of the world that amused him as he got to know her. On the other hand she was engaged. That annoying fact kept popping up in his thoughts when he least wanted it to. Holly hadn't volunteered much about her intended beyond the fact that he was in her field and knew about her trip to Svalbard. Steve tried not to brood about the situation, but it irritated him more than it should. Shyly he'd given Holly the full tour, pleased at her thoughtful questions, keenly aware of how cute Arthur's wardrobe was on her. Peter assured him that some of the in-house elf tailors were working up a few outfits, and that Holly's original clothing was being laundered but until it was ready, Christmas jumpers and sweats would have to do, along with bedroom slippers. At first Holly had seemed shy of the elves, but after seeing their dedication and pride in their work she'd warmed up to many of them, especially the gift wrappers and packers. \"So generations of these guys come from all over apply to work here,\" Holly had marveled, \"Taking aptitude tests and training for C day?\" \"Precisely,\" Steve had told her. \"Rehearsing maneuvers down to the last second. They're a crack team, ready for every contingency.\" It felt good to show off for someone who appreciated it, he admitted to himself, and the elves themselves beamed with pride at his words. When Steve had shown Holly the small experimental hydroponics lab on the lower level, she had come up with so many suggestions to improve it that he'd quickly given her a Hoho to design the new schematics. \"I'm always open to innovation,\" Steve had assured her. \"Especially for something as beneficial as a greenhouse.\" She marveled at all the workshops, and the high-speed mail processing, and utterly adored the reindeer. The beasts seemed to reciprocate the feeling as they nuzzled Holly's hands to take the carrots she offered and by the time she and Steve had gotten back to the main levels the entire day had flown by. And he hadn't even realized it. Over dinner on the first night, Holly told him about her trip. \"This last year I've been collecting seed samples from bogs in Finland; lichen spores, endosperm cases, a whole biome's worth of rare material,\" she told him softly. \"Some of them will be gone in our lifetime due to global warming and loss of habitat. George Drossel, my bull-headed boss at Terra Pax feels that it's a waste of time to store it at Svalbard, even though I assured him I'd pay my own way there and back. Anyway, I scraped most the money together and told Nigel what I was going to do. He fronted me the rest of the money and promised me he'd take care of my research while I was gone. I've got some experiments going with various plants I've gathered and some patents for them. Nigel even lent me his GPS. I got to the Seed Vault and signed over the deposit before noon in fact. The director there told me about the storm and urged me to head out early but . . .\" she gave a sigh, \"it wasn't early enough of a head start. I kept heading south—or what I thought was south- and not finding the road. I would have died if you hadn't found me, Steve. Thank you.\" \"It's all right,\" he assured her awkwardly. \"The decent thing to do, and all that. We might be a secret operation but we're not heartless up here.\" \"I'd say you guys are full of heart,\" Holly replied, still amused. \"Spirit of Christmas, right?\" \"Most of us,\" he offered lightly. \"Arthur's the one who's taken up the mantle so to speak.\" Steve waved to the family portrait on the wall. \"He's good at it; a true believer.\" He didn't miss her thoughtful gaze. \"So he's your little brother?\" There was a question under the question and Steve sighed. \"Yes, but as I said—he's got something I . . . don't . People skills, I think they call it.\" Then Holly turned her face to him and gave him a slightly twisted smile. \"Everybody's got their gifts. For the record, you must be pretty brilliant at logistics to be able to support him and this entire operation, right?\" It was one of the nicest things he'd ever been told, and although he tried to fight it, Steve felt himself blush again. Even sleeping in Arthur's room wasn't as bad as Steve thought it might be. At least the mattress was comfortable and after the first night the glow-in-the-dark snowflakes didn't bother him much. The knowledge that Holly was sleeping in his bed left Steve feeling a little off-center too, but in a very nice way. He knew it had to do with hormones and proximity and all those human urges he'd spent too much time ignoring. Now they were keeping him up at night in both the metaphorical and literal sense, unfortunately. Steve was no prude, but found it troubling that his body had very decided responses to Holly Knight, and they manifested themselves at the slightest provocation. Staring too long at any part of her anatomy made him overly warm; standing too close to her did much the same. Little fanciful daydreams had begun to creep into his thoughts and he was fairly sure it wasn't normal to go through quite so much tissue before sleep. By the fourth morning the storm had abated considerably, and Peter informed him that communications with the outside world were once again possible, although intermittent. Steve accepted this annoying news and debated what to do. Returning Holly wouldn't be difficult—at least not technically. The S1 had enough stealth hardware to make it a simple thing to fly over Longyearbyen and drop the doctor off on the outskirts of town. No, the issue lay in how to explain her re-appearance without suspicion. The last thing Steve wanted was any sort of investigation . . . actually it wasn't, he admitted to himself. The last thing he wanted to do was return her at all. Over the past days he'd come to enjoy her company tremendously and the thought of saying goodbye wasn't a happy one. But she had her own life, and Steve understood that. He checked the newsfeeds looking for anything related to Holly's disappearance and was so engrossed that he didn't hear her come into the Command office. \"Steve, is there any geothermal activity around here? Oh, can we get through now?\" she asked, coming over his shoulder to look at the flat screen on his desk. \"No on the springs, alas, and yes, we're picking up transmissions although the wind's still too strong to fly just yet,\" he told her absently even though he was keenly aware of her proximity. \"They're sending out search parties for you, by the way.\" \"Ah,\" she murmured, coming over to perch on the corner of his desk. \"Should I go out and meet them?\" \"Can't,\" Steve admitted. \"For one thing they're still several hundred miles off, and for another, there will be questions. Lots of them.\" He shot her a keen look. \"I've already broken my own security rules in showing you as much as I have, Holly, but that's been on the understanding that you'll not say a word to anyone. Bit of a dilemma now.\" She looked adorable sitting there chewing her lower lip before she spoke. \"I won't say anything, I promise. I can put it into writing if you like.\" \"I trust you,\" he told her quietly. \"A year ago I'd have made you fill out a full contract and gotten it notarized but not now. One of the things I've learned from Arthur is to have a little faith in people.\" Now it was her turn to blush. Steve was about to say something more when a new face flashed on the flat screen, the reporter speaking with a slight Norwegian accent. \"—Two days ago called off the search at the request of Doctor Knight's fiancé, who thanked everyone involved. The local rescue teams continue to feel this was a bit premature and there was a better than average chance she was still alive, but Doctor Melcher was adamant and felt that continuing the effort at this point would have endangered too many people. He further stated that when weather permits body recovery can begin.\" \"What?\" Holly slid off the desk to glare at the screen. Steve scowled. \"That's insane! Longyearbyen has some of the most sophisticated, experienced teams around, and I should know—we've had to avoid them dozens of times in the past.\" The screen showed a dark-haired man with a sallow complexion and a pointed nose. \"While I appreciate everyone's efforts I know the late Doctor Knight wouldn't have wanted anyone else endangered after her own careless demise. It's tragic of course, and we of the Terra Pax Institute will never forget her or her work here.\" Appalled, Steve risked a sidelong glance at Holly, who was white-faced at this point. He wasn't sure if she was in shock but he himself felt a deep and instant dislike for the figure on the screen. \"I don't believe this,\" Holly finally managed in a whisper, \"He called off the search?\" The feed ended with a cut to another reporter giving the weather. Steve rose to move behind her and very lightly set his hands on her shoulders. He was aware of how tense they felt, of how small they were under his palms. \"Holly . . . .\" \"I mean he wasn't the most affectionate guy, and I used to think he was jealous of my work, but when he lent me the money to get here and his GPS . . .\" A suspicion rose in Steve's mind. \"His GPS,\" he echoed. \"I wonder.\" Tapping his earpiece, Steve called out, \"Peter? Can you get me the coordinates for where we found Doctor Knight?\" \"Yes sir, sending them to your Hoho sir.\" \"Good. How's the weather?\" \"Brisk but the wind is dying down. Should I ready the hover sled?\" Holly had turned and was looking at him, her expression fierce. \"I'm going with you,\" she informed Steve. \"Ah. Then I think we'll need to use Jingle Bell One instead.\" She grinned. The two deer open sleigh raced out over the frosty floes, the bright red vehicle hovering a foot off of the ice as ahead of them two reindeer galloped happily in the air, pulling them along. Steve tapped the touch screen display on the dashboard, making small course corrections as the occasional gust blew over them. He and Holly were both in green plaid parkas with red scarves, outfitted with snow goggles and earmuffs as well. The sleigh wasn't large, and the press of her hip against his felt nice. Steve tried to focus on the trip; on the task of recovering the snowmobile and more specifically the GPS, but he couldn't deny that having Holly so close was delightful. \"I like this,\" she called to him over the wind. \"Gravity-defying reindeer are extremely . . . cool.\" \"More efficient for the short haul,\" he replied, trusting that Holly would appreciate the physics, even if he didn't fully understand them himself. She leaned against him, laughing a bit as the sleigh bobbled up, and Steve chuckled too, not sure what they were so amused about, and not really caring either. Under and around them the icy drifts flew by and within twenty minutes the screen showed they were at the coordinates of the snowmobile. Steve slowed the reindeer and gently circled the snow-covered mound until they came to a stop. Hopping out he hesitated only a moment before turning back to hold out a gloved hand for Holly. She took it and climbed down, the wind fluttering through her dark curls. He felt warm just looking at her, and chided himself for it, trying to stick to reason over reaction. \"So do we just . . . dig?\" Holly asked. In answer, Steve fished out a pair of brooms from the back of the sleigh. \"Sweep. The snow's dry,\" he told her, and setting an example, began to brush the tallest section of the mound. After the first pass the edge of a handle appeared and Holly joined in clearing away the drifts. In short time they managed to clear most of the snowmobile and Steve lifted it to load it into the back of the sleigh. Doing so showed off his strength—a fact that pleased him. Holly tutted a bit but nodded when he managed to set it down without too much strain. She climbed into the sleigh and leaned over the back to fish in the snowmobile seat . . . a move that put her seat on charming display. Steve felt himself blush again and scooped up a handful to snow to press to his face, hoping it didn't sizzle. Things were getting ridiculous, he told himself. Yes she was pretty and brilliant and had an amazing bum from the look of it but— \"Got it!\" she crowed over the gusts of wind. \"Let's head back; I could do with some hot chocolate!\" \"Right!\" Steve barked, glad of the distraction, and climbed into the sleigh next to her. The trip back seemed shorter; mostly because they'd talked about the greenhouse and solar power, both of them caught up in environmentally friendly technology. Once they'd turned the sleigh over to the barn elves and carried the GPS to one of the workshops though, Steve caught her gaze. \"We both have the same suspicion, and before we check it, I need to know what you plan to do if it's confirmed,\" he told her quietly. Holly pushed her glasses up and gave a little scowl. \"Well if Doctor Melcher gave me a deliberately faulty GPS then it's attempted murder, Steve. He needs to be brought to justice.\" He gave her a smile, and then sighed, waving an arm. \"Yes, absolutely. At the same time, I've got a responsibility to this entire operation. Your going back will raise a lot of questions and when you do go back . . .\" he swallowed hard, \"then it's very likely I won't see you again.\" It was painful getting those words out. The shock and hurt on her face touched him and he reached for her. Holly lurched forward and hugged him, muffling a quick little sob against his chest. \"Damn it! I didn't think about that part!\" \"Holly . . .\" Steve wanted to say more but the warm press of her against him shorted out his ability to speak. His pulse raced and he felt a surge of protective desire flood through him at her distress. He allowed himself to hug her back, quietly savoring how perfect a fit she was in his arms. This felt right . Steve Claus, who had never before trusted his instincts before checking them against the facts, realized he was well and truly in love. This brilliant, stubborn, sometimes dangerous scientist was everything he'd ever wanted before he'd even known what he wanted. And now the real possibility he'd lose her hung over him. Or was that . . . ? He heard something and glanced up; caught, three elves smiled sheepishly as they finished dangling the huge bunch of beribboned mistletoe from the ceiling and vanished through one of the air vents. Steve blushed, particularly when he looked down again to see Holly looking up. \"Er . . .\" She went pink, her mouth pursing in surprise. Before he could talk himself out of it, Steve kissed Holly. It was a delicious little snog, tender and properly romantic at that. Steve loved the hints of hot chocolate and peppermint on Holly's lips, loved losing himself in the sensations that flared through him. Heat, delight, desire and a yearning for more . . . He pulled back, just a little pole-axed by it all. Holly's eyes stayed closed a moment longer and she flicked her tongue along her lips as if to taste the traces of him there. She gave a dreamy sigh. \"Wow.\" The sound of her voice sent hot pulses through him and Steve gave a little groan. \"Holly . . . Doctor Knight . . .\" She opened her eyes and gave him a crooked smile as she pushed up her glasses. Reluctantly pulled away from his arms, her cheeks flushed, eyes bright. \"Okay, need we look to go at the GPS.\" \"What?\" \"GPS, look we at, right?\" she spluttered, growing redder. \"I mean ,\" Holly murmured slowly, \"wee neeeed to go loook at the GPS.\" He smiled. Steve couldn't help himself really; the sight of her kiss-flustered face confirmed that Holly was as smitten with him as he with her. Very carefully he reached up to stroke her velvety cheek. \"Yes,\" he replied softly. The hardware for the Where2Go 4000 had been dinged when the snowmobile had toppled over in the ice, but it was the software that that held the real damage. Steve found a malware program in it that would override the navigational coordinates and read North off by two degrees. Peter ran it through the Satellite tracking team to confirm it, and looked properly outraged by the results. \"That's deliberately putting Doctor Knight in harm's way!\" Peter piped up as Steve and Holly stepped into the main command centre. \"We're checking to see if we can find a time stamp on when it was uploaded, sir!\" \"Good,\" Steve told him and turned to Holly. \"What now?\" \"Well the engagement is definitely off,\" she announced with a blush, \"which means I'm free to pursue other . . . relationships. That's the least difficult part of all this. I want to press charges but that will mean a cover story for where I've been, and all sorts of media which none of you need . . . damn it, it's just so complicated!\" Steve pressed his mouth in a tight line before speaking. \"It needn't be. My question is why? Why would the rotter do this? Was there something in particular about those seeds, or-\" \"—my research!\" Holly blurted, looking furious all over again. \"Can someone—anyone-please check the Terra Pax institute in-house announcement and pending research blog?\" Three elves at computers snapped on it, putting the page on the jumbo-tron screen within a few minutes. The first article listed had the headline : Miracle moss? Possible Andreaeaceae breakthrough for super-nutrients. The listed author was Doctor Melcher, and Holly spluttered. \"That's MY work! That particular strain was from Cors Degai! Oh that thieving bastard!\" A row of gasps went around the control room at her language but Steve had to bite back a chuckle. He cleared his throat to hide it and spoke up. \"I think we know the motive now and further I think we need to do something about it. Peter, I want an alpha team and three of your best from the wrapping department ready to move by twenty-one hundred hours. Holly, come with me.\" He motioned for her to follow him back to the command office, and once there, shut the door. \"All right, Here's what we're going to do.\" Steve told her his initial plan. She listened, made suggestions and within twenty minutes they had a viable course of action. Holly looked bright-eyed and just a little mischievous—a very good look on her, Steve thought. \"It's devious and he won't expect it,\" she growled. \"So it's perfect!\" \"It's taking the law into our own hands,\" Steve reminded her, \"but he cannot be permitted to get away with what he's done at any price.\" \"I agree,\" Holly nodded. \"Let's do this.\" No one at the Spitzbergen hotel saw a thing when shortly after midnight half a dozen ninja-suited commando elves rappelled down from S1 to the windowsill of Doctor Nigel Melcher's room and skillfully bypassed the locks and screens. Once inside, the Team Leader led the way to the bedroom where Doctor Melcher lay sprawled in hideous orange long-johns, snorting. A quick fingersnap, and three of the elves pounced, wrapping paper and ribbon in hand. They speedily trussed the doctor up in rolls of green and red plaid paper, leaving space for his nose and eyes. When Melcher woke and started to yelp, one of the elves manufactured a bow gag, effectively stopping any protests. The elves trotted him out through the suite to the window and attached him like a dangling ham to one of the ropes where he was hoisted up into the cloaked ship. The elves followed after closing the window behind them and the S1 swiftly left, the entire abduction taking less than five minutes all told. Steve was quite proud. S1 returned to Command Central and the elves carried Melcher out, depositing him (ungently) onto the chilly floor of one of the storage rooms before saluting Steve and slipping out. The scientist wriggled like a salmon until Steve caught one edge of the paper, gave a tug and peeled it like a Christmas tangerine, spinning the doctor until he was breathless on the floor. \"What is the meaning of this?\" came the reedy complaint. \"I demand to know-what's going on?\" \"Doctor Melcher,\" Steve murmured, the name leaving a bad taste in his mouth. \"You've been a very naughty individual.\" Doctor Melcher looked up, all the way up to see Steve's scowl. Blinking, the scientist thrust out his chin as he rose to his bare feet. \"What the hell are you talking about?\" Steve held out the Where2Go 4000 in one big hand. \"Look familiar?\" \"I . . . I don't know what you're talking about,\" came the whiny bluff. \"I think you do , Nigel,\" Holly said, coming from behind Steve and glaring at him. \"You piece of . . . of . . . reindeer poop!\" Melcher's face shifted from guilty surprise and horror to distaste. \"H-Holly! Reindeer poop? Really?\" \"You not only sent me out with a deliberately sabotaged GPS in hopes I'd die, but you also stole my research you moldy bladderwort! You slimy algae bloom! I don't know how I ever trusted you, you parasite!\" \"Because you're utterly gullible, Knight! All I had to do was tell you a few pretty lies and you bought them. I knew you were onto something good with the Andreaeaceae but you wouldn't turn it over to me, not until I urged you to make the Vault trip! And you know what else?\" he sneered. \"Drossel called not only to offer condolences, but also that job in Reykjavík!\" \"What!\" Steve felt the need to step in, since Holly looked as if she was ready to start slamming Melcher off the walls. He shifted one step forward and cleared his throat; both Melcher and Holly looked at him. \"Do you deny tampering with this GPS, Doctor Melcher?\" \"Do I . . . wait, who the hell are you anyway?\" Melcher snapped, hopping a little now as the chill rose through his bare feet. \"Hold on-are those Christmas trees on your camo?\" \"I'm S. Claus and yes they ARE Christmas trees. Now answer the question: Did you tamper with this GPS?\" Melcher stared. \"S. Claus? Really? You couldn't come up with anything better than that?\" Irritated now, Steve reached over and grabbed Melcher by the front of his longjohns, lifting him off the floor. The back flap popped open as Melcher squawked. \"Please don't hit me; I bruise like a Bartlett pear!\" \"Nigel Leslie Bruce Melcher of 119 Darwin Road, South Ealing, London. Last recorded request from Santa . . . never. I'm disappointed in you, Nigel. Think of all the microscopes and field guides I could have brought you if you'd just had a little faith.\" \"You're joking!\" the man dangling from his hand spluttered, his expression shifting from doubt to fear. \"Holly, you realize this is a madman, right?\" \"I realize that you're an idiot and a thief and you're damned lucky I survived or you'd be a murderer too,\" Holly growled angrily. \"I know the academic motto is' publish or die', but this is ridiculous!\" \"Easy for you! The last good work I managed got rejected in the first round of reviews!\" Melcher whined. \"There's been nothing new with arboreal mycology for decades and everyone knows it! Then you come along with your scrapings from Wales and oooh, suddenly your Terra Pax's little darling!\" \"People, people,\" Steve broke in, once again feeling the antagonism building. \"Nigel, retract your name from the research and give Doctor Knight back her credit. If you don't, this GPS and the malware in it will be sent to your superior and to every news outlet with an interest in botany.\" Melcher blanched. \"What? I can't do that!\" \"You can and you will ,\" Steve growled. \"I'll see you when you're sleeping; I'll know when you're awake, Nigel Leslie Bruce and I'll certainly know if you've been bad or good.\" Melcher flinched but made one last attempt. \"And if I don't?\" \"Then I'll leave you to Doctor Knight's tender care. Brown belt in Judo, isn't it?\" \"No! Nononono, fine, I'll do it as soon as I get back from . . . here,\" he looked around as Steve finally set him back down. Melcher reached behind himself to do up his long-johns, face red. \"You'll do it before you leave,\" Steve grimly assured him. \"I may not have a jolly temperament or sweet faith in humanity—\" he bent low, looking eye to eye with the other man, \"but I certainly have enough common sense to know a weasel when I see one.\" Finally beaten, Doctor Melcher gave a slow defeated nod. \"All right, fine. I've got one request though—do either of you have a spare set of slippers?\" Within two days three things happened. First was that blog post on super-nutrients was updated and had Doctor Holly Knight's name as the sole researcher listed. Once it was up on the jumbo screen a cheer went up through the entire Command Centre and each bank of elves did the wave in her honor. The second was that Doctor Nigel Melcher was found in his winter woolens outside of his hotel with no plausible explanation for the strings of Christmas lights, tinsel and ornaments wrapped around him. Naturally the photos of him became the popular meme, Cranky Christmas Man which made the internet rounds every December, usually with horrible puns and Photoshop additions. The third thing was that Doctor Holly Knight and Steve Claus took to kissing without any mistletoe around. This development happened along with fumbling admissions of deep affection, awkward little exchanges and finally the simple and easy bonds of a seriously wonderful relationship. By the time the rest of the Clauses returned from their cruise with tans, tacky tropical shirts and a potted palm tree, Holly Knight sported a little diamond ring and a shy, happy smile. Margaret Claus cooed, Malcolm Claus beamed, Grand-Santa nudged Steve, grinning and Arthur Claus hugged Holly tightly, whispering, \"Welcome to the family!\" And it all worked out just fine. The Greenhouse became a little paradise at the bottom of the North Pole, Holly taught judo to the elves and made trips to study bracken and algae growing on polar bears. Steve kept Christmas on schedule and made it a point to periodically leave mildly threatening notes for Doctor Melcher. And later in the year instead of going to the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew, Steve and Holly took a vacation to the hot springs in Iceland, where she wore a bikini decorated with reindeer that ended up on the hotel room carpet much later, along with his Christmas tree camo boxers. This was the beginning of a Holly jolly Christmas for both of them. The End ","Summary":" Oh Holly Knight In the course of a year, things had gotten better. Steve Claus didn't want to openl"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Elfo Atingido","Author":"Animated-Geek-Lonely-Nerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9569858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Aardman e Sony Animation No final de outubro, como era de costume, o pelotão de elfos de embrulho já começava a embrulhar os presentes que o Papai Noel também conhecido como Arthur Noel, entregaria em dezembro. Porém, algo fora dos planos aconteceu. Bryony, a líder dos embrulhadores e melhor amiga de Arthur, pegou uma febre daquelas. O jovem Papai Noel logo foi visitar sua amiga elfo. -Eu não posso ficar aui - ela tentou se levantar - os novatos vão fazer tudo errado. -Bryony você não pode trabalhar - Arthur disse - você tem que descansar. Eu sei que os elfos novatos vão fazer um bom trabalho. Bryony espirrou e Arthur disse saúde. - Tudo bem Arthur- ela disse - eu vou descansar pra poder te ajudar em dezembro - a voz dela já estava mais fraca. -Você quer que eu arrume alguém pra cuidar de você? - Arthur ofereceu - Você não parece nada bem. -Talvez seja uma boa ideia mesmo - Bryony tossiu - em quem você pensou? -Que tal a Anna e a Frida? - Arthur respondeu - eu sei que vai ser muito bom pra vocês passarem um tempo juntas. -Parece perfeito - Bryony sorriu fracamente. A esposa de Arthur e a esposa de Steve logo chegaram ao alojamento dos elfos, na casa de Bryony. -Oi Bryony - Anna sorriu - se sente um pouco melhor? -Eu acho que nem um pouco - Bryony tossiu - e ainda por cima, meu HoHo quebrou e eu não posso me levantar, e aí não tem como falar com ninguém. -Cadê o seu HoHo ? - Frida perguntou - Eu posso dar um jeito nele. -Acho que tá ali - Bryony apontou para a escrivaninha onde o HoHo estava. Frida pegou o aparelho e abriu. Seus dedos começaram a trabalhar furiosamente. Anna se voltou para Brony. -Então Bryony - ela disse meio sem graça - precisa de um cobertor extra? Outro travesseiro? Talvez uma sopa? -Não, não - Bryony sorriu - eu estou bem, só minha cabeça está doendo. -Ah - Anna disse - Talvez eu possa contar uma história. Sabe eu escrevia cartas pras crianças que não sabiam escrever e aí quando me casei com Arthur, ele achou uma boa ideia me colocar para trabalhar no departamento de catas daqui. -Ele sempre gostou das cartas - Bryony espirrou - e das crianças. -É - Anna concordou e sorriu - por isso ele é um bom papai noel. -Ei meninas - Frida finalmente disse alguma coisa - acho que consegui consertar o HoHO. Você quer falar com alguém? -Com o Arthur por favor - Bryony respondeu. Frida tocou alguns botões e Arthur apareceu na tela. -Oi meninas - ele disse - como a Bryony está? -Bem melhor Arthur - Bryony respondeu - obrigada por mandar ajudantes tão dedicadas. -Não tem de quê - Arthur sorriu - Vejo vocês mais tarde. Eu e Steve ainda estamos trabalhando aqui. Tchau! -Tchau! - as três disseram. -Obrigada pelo Hoho Frida - disse Bryony. -Não foi nada - Frida sorriu - É o meu trabalho fazer a manutenção dos aparelhos. -Talvez agora seja bom fazer aquela sopa - Anna se levantou e meia hora depois,voltou com três pratos de sopa - Espero que gostem! As três passaram o resto do dia conversando e aproveitando a sopa de Anna. A/N: Gostou? Por favorzinho, deixe um review, vai me deixar mto feliz! ~A.g. ;) ","Summary":" A/N: Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Aardman e Sony Animation No final de outubro, como era de"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"The Adventures of Dennis Christmas","Author":"Mrotrax","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12286363","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dennis Christmas Years after the events of the movie, Arthur's son Dennis asks for the chance to do his dad's job 'the old fashioned way' like his sleigh-less ancestors. Be prepared for holiday movie hijinks and references, as Dennis not only tries to do what he set out, but maybe make some friends along the way. Meet Dennis It had been 15 years since Arthur became Santa. And at the North Pole, everyone was happy. Steve was enjoying his job as Chief of Operations and loved the Espresso dispensing chair Arthur gave had given him, Malcom was enjoying his retirement with Margret raising the third Claus sibling Nick, Bryony was doing an excellent jon as Vice President of the Pacific branch of Packing and the elves couldn't be happier. And Arthur himself was very happy as well: On top of getting to do the greatest job in the world, he had found love: Arthur had met Francine at his first Holiday conference, where he'd met with the Easter Bunny, Cupid, Mother Nature, Father Time and the other Holidays Heralds for the first time. She had been a University student working on a way to make children from all religions and nations happy by trying to find a way to integrate all the holdiay beleifs, interning under the Easter Bunny. One would have expected her to be like Steve, and the two did get along wonderfully, but Francine was, just like Arthur, dedicated to making as many people happy as she could. With a little bit of coaxing from Cupid, Arthur had mustered up the courage to ask her to join him for tea. One thing led to another and before anyone could say 'Merry Christmas' they had fallen in love, married and been blessed with two children: A son named Dennis and just earlier this year, a baby girl named Bea. 2 months before Christmas 2026 North Pole 10 minutes to Supper Outside of the Claus home, two boys snowboarded down and up the slopes, cheerfully letting out whoops of joy and excitement. \"You'll never get me, uncle!\" 12 year old Dennis beamed with confidence as he did a loop-de-loop in the air, shooting a snowball at the other boy. \"Think so, eh?\" 15 year old Nick Claus smiled. He then forced his board into the air and threw a volley at snowballs at the younger boy, who dodged all but one. \"What was that about me not getting you?\" \"Rematch!\" Dennis demanded, leaping back to his feet. \"Okay, two out of three?\" Nick suugested \"You're on, cous!\" To others, it would be considered odd to have an uncle or nephew roughly the same age as you, but Dennis and Nick got along grandly. They both loved exploring the North Pole, snowboard racing and snowball fights. The fact they were the only kids at the North also strengthened their bond. They also both wanted the 'big jobs' at the North; Nick wanted to follow in Steve's footsteps while Dennis…well, you'll see soon enough. The ruffling of snow got the two boys' attention, and out popped a polar bear in a scarf, bellowing amd growling at them on it's hind legs. \"Hi Belbo.\" Dennis grinned and waved. The bear returned to all fours and licked the boy before nuzzling his face. \"I missed you too, bud!\" Dennis beamed \"I still don't know how you do it, Den.\" Nick sighed before noticing Belbo was glaring at him. \"No offense, Bel! Just…bears creep me out.\" \"Are you kidding mate?\" Dennis beamed as he rubbed Belbo's neck. \"Bears are awesome! They can be cute and cuddly one sec and mean and ferocious the next. Perfect for Santa!\" \"Boys!\" Margret Claus hollered. \"Supper's ready! Get washed up before it gets cold!\" Belbo whined, making Dennis smile sadly at him \"I'll feed you after dinner, Bel.\" He promised. The Polar bear let out an indignant humph and dashed off into the snow, leaving uncle and nephew to pick up their boards and race back home. \"So…have you asked him yet?\" Nick asked. Dennis looked down at his feet. \"I will at supper.\" He promised. Coming to the kitchen, they were greeted by the sight of Marget and Malcom setting down chili with toast while Steve finished a call on his Ho-Ho and Grandsanta sipped at his tea, while they hadn't changed that much in the years, the other three certainly had: Arthur's hair was now white as snow and he had grown a respectable beard. He still had his happy nature and his shone with wonder and pride. He had grown a little taller since his adventure 15 years ago Francine Claus had short orange hair and wore a red sweater over a mistletoe and ornament decorated shirt, along with a pair of jeans. She was the cause for Dennis' black hair, from her father's side. Her son and husband were both very proud to say that she was very pretty, and a happy understanding woman who loved her family deeply. And finally, the baby of the Claus family, sitting perched in her high chair in a tree onesies and playing with her spoon and fork until the two boys wondered in. \"De!\" She beamed. \"Hey there, Bea.\" Dennis smiled at his baby sister from her chair. The little girl cooed and laughed at her big brother, which gave Francine enough time to stuff some mashed carrots in her mouth. \"So boys, whose hungry fro something warm?\" Francine smiled as she served her son and younger brother-in-law dinner. \"Did anyone win the contest?\" Malcom asked \"Round one went to me, dad.\" Nick beamed with pride. \"We agreed to two out of three!\" Dennis reminded his cousin while pointing a fork at him. \"Dennis, please don't fling anything.\" Arthur asked. \"Your mother and gran worked very hard this chili.\" \"Sorry dad.\" Dennis apologized. The family ate in happy silence, with Dennis shooting his father glances throughout the meal. Something that only Nick seemed to notice. \"Oh, for the love of Kris Cringle, Dennis! Just tell him already!\" Nick groaned after the 14th glance, gaining everyone's attention. \"Tell me what?\" Arthur asked. \"Dennis, is something wrong?\" Dennis chugged down his milk, trying to muster the courage to ask this of his father. \"Dad, I know what I want for my birthday this year.\" \"Oh, that's wonderful!\" Arthur beamed, taking out his notebook to jot it down. As much as Arthur loved delivering to all the children of the world, he wanted to take extra care that Dennis got what he wanted as well. \"What is it Dennis? A new sleigh? That videogame? A Punch Lad action figure?\" \"I want to do your job.\" Dennis asked. Steve and Malcom all spat out their out their tea, Grand-Santa almost chocked on his soup and Margret let out an 'oh my!' \"D-Dennis!\" Malcom called to his grandson. \"I-isn't that a little…ambitious? I mean, it's wonderful you want to get involved, but…\" \"Not the whole job!\" Dennis waved his hands in trying to calm everyone. \"Just a little part.\" Steve, wiping his lip, let out a smile and got out his Ho-Ho. \"I personally think it's a wonderful idea. \"No, no Uncle Steve, not like that.\" Dennis clarified. \"I want to do it the old fashioned way: slide down the chimney, go house to house….\" The room went silent for a good while. No one had done what Dennis was suggesting in 10 generations of Santa! \"HA!\" Grand-Santa grinned after taking a puff of his inhaler. \"Finally! A Claus that gets it!\" As Arthur and Steve tried to rationalize what they'd heard, Francine cleared up Bea's face and turned to her son. \"So Dennis, just to clear things up,\" She asked. \"You want to handle the complete gift delivery of one part of the route by yourself.\" \"Yes, mom.\" Dennis nodded to his mother. \"Think of it as experience, bro.\" Nick suggested to Arthur. \"Dennis will be taking over as Santa one day eventually. It'd be a good start for him.\" Arthur stroked his beard in contemplating, tuning out Bea's giggles at how funny he looked. Finally, he spoke. \"Fine.\" Arthur said, making Dennis' eyes gleam with delight. \"One location. Of my choice.\" \"And not tropical, please.\" Dennis asked. \"…That's fair.\" Arthur mused. \"Your uncle's right, this would be good experience for you….but Dennis, don't hesitate to ask for help.\" \"I was going to ask for some elf training if you said yes.\" Dennis followed. \"I'll arrange that myself.\" Steve assured Dennis, then turning to his brother, who let out a smile. \"Alright! Let it be known that this Christmas, my son will handle everything in one location of the route!\" Arthur announced. \"Thanks dad, you're the best!\" Dennis beamed in joy, giving his father a hug before grabbing his plates, kissing his mother and sister on the cheek and dashing out the door to finish his chores. Once he was certain his son was out of range, Arthur leaned in next to Steve \"Quickly, quietly get some elves on standby. At the first sign of trouble….\" \"Already on it.\" Steve replied. \"I'm having Peter draw up a list of easy places.\" AC X DC After dinner, while Dennis left to feed the Polar Bears and Reindeer, the older Clauses and baby went about trying to find the perfect location. And they seemed to have very good one…in spite of Arthur's worries. \"Are there any Scrooges?\" Arthur asked. \"No.\" \"Any profit-obsessed businessmen?\" Arthur continued. \"Ahem!\" His wife and mother coughed. \"Or women?\" Arrhur added quickly, turning to them embarrassed. \"Sorry mum. Sorry, love.\" \"Isn't that the same thing?\" Nick asked as he played on his Ho-Ho, only for his sister-in-law to shrug. \"None that will be near within a 200 mile area of the supposed target that night.\" Steve answered his younger brother before turning to Nick. \"And I believe Arthur's referring to the 'trying to cancel' or 'make people pay for Christmas' types.\" \"Oh, okay. I get it now.\" Nick nodded in understanding. \"Jack Skellington?\" Arthur asked \"Sticking to Halloween again.\" Margret said as she handed everyone a cup of tea before joining Malcom on the couch to watch the telly. \"The treaty makes it clear he nor you can interfere in each other's holidays unless there is a genuine threat to both of them.\" \"How about Jack Frost?\" \"He's on vacation now.\" Steve answered. \"Grinch? A rogue Krampus?\" \"No.\" \"Krampy's sticking to Germany and a select few houses this year, hon.\" Francine assured her husband as she burped Bea and handed her to her father. \"Something about that movie that came out last year I think…\" Everyone nodded in understanding; with the real world movies they either made the holiday heralds look good, crazy….it took a damper on yoru ego, especially if you weren't one of the bigger names. \"How about the Misers…?\" Arthur asked as he let his baby girl play with his finger. \"Sticking to the schedule you, Bunny and Mother Earth put together.\" Steve finished. \"The Meisterburgers?\" \"They died out centuries ago dear, remember?\" Margret assured her worried son. \"Any Naughties who failed to learn their lesson and blame either Dad, grandpa or me for something?\" \"No, Arthur.\" Steve assured his brother, almost at his wit's end. \"Any overly greedy and or missed children, magicians, misunderstood or misunderstanding zeal…?\" \"No, no. no and no, Arthur!\" Steve, having had enough of this groaned. \"We cross-referenced every database known to both man and magic-kind four times, conducted interviews with your fellow holiday heralds….I can assure you, nothing will go wrong at this location. And even if it does, I've set aside the top three elves to watch over Dennis.\" \"And besides, Holiday havoc has been at a record low since you boys took over, son.\" Malcom smiled with pride. \"And Dennis is a big boy….So why all the worry?\" Arthur put Bea on the ground, and she crawled over to her grandparents. \"I just want Dennis to see the best of the world.\" Arthur confessed. \"He's never been outside the North Pole and if something….\" Francine cut off her husband with a hug and peck on the cheek. \"I know, dear.\" She cooed with a smile. Bea crawled back to her father and pulled on his leg, reaching for him. \"Dada!\" She reached. Arthur smiled and picked her up \"Don't grow up too fast, princess.\" Arthur smiled. AC X DC The next day, Dennis was sent to the Elf's training grounds Jim was the oldest elf in the North Pole, over 10,000 years old when he stopped counting. He wobbled even with his cane and had the biggest glasses Dennis had ever seen. \"I have seen every Santa Claus through their training….!\" Jim wobbled with his cane. \"So when I heard that you wanted to do your old man's job for a single location the good old fashioned way, with no sleigh and no reindeer, just your own two feet…I thought you were off yer rocker! And…\" The ancient elf let out a smile. \"Well….I was delighted. Haven't been able to do this since your great-grandfather! No don't get wrong or nothing, Steve's tech and planning helps and your father is amazing….but to see a Claus wanting to go the old fashioned way? Makes an old elf's heart fill with joy.\" \"Glad to have you helping me, Jim.\" Dennis beamed as he saw a small block of houses and a tall building being pulled in. \"Get on a Santa Suit, grab a sack and start delivering, boy-o!\" Jim commanded. \"Because if you want to do this job right, you need to be fast! You need to be slick! You need to know how to get in and out in a second! If you want to do that, you will listen to my word as if I am your rulebook!And at the end of the day, if you bone tired, covered in soot, sweat, grime and feeling places you didn't know you had, that just means I did my job right!\" Jim then removed his glasses and gave Dennis a hardened look \"You sure you still want to do this….boy-o?\" Dennis merely grinned. \"Bring it on.\" Next: Dennis in the real world This is a little plot bunny that's jammed itself back into my head. It was originally its own stand out story and not part of any fanon, but I absolutely love Arthur Christmas and, seeing as my other fics weren't going anywhere, decided to give this a try. Consider it a Christmas present to you readers. Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and have a happy new year. Stay safe.[Chapter 2] Meet the Kids 1 week before Christmas London, England In the heart of downtown, just close enough to all the markets and city hall, yet far enough to be on its own, there stood an old building. Its painting was fading, there were roots crawling up some of the wals Agatha's Orphanage was one of the oldest orphanages in all of London, housing many children since the city's founding and making sure they all had three meals a day, a warm bed and decent clothes. It also instilled in the children who lived there a sense of charity and courtesy. And outside on this brisk winter day, several of the orphans were already beginning to practice their carolling or doing some street shows \"Thank you very much! Every pound goes to the shelters!\" A 12 year old with long, curly blonde hair smiled as she danced with the grace of a ballerina despite needing a cane. \"Happy holidays and Merry Christmas!\" Her name was Sophianna, and she wore a blue sweater and skirt. She was the oldest of the children and a proud big sister/leader. \"How equistuqe!\" \"Marvelous details!\" \"You, my dear noy, have a future in the arts!\" Off to the side was Jeremy Creek, an 8 year old boy who had brown curly hair and freckles on his cheeks. He was giving amazing hand drawn portraits for low prices using nothing but crayons. He just smiled and nodded in thanks. Tim Tiny, the third youngest at 5 years old, was singing Jingle Bells with Tillie, who was the 2nd youngest at 4 years old. Tim, a brunette, wore a blue jacket and toque with gloves while Tillie was a red haired girl with adorable freckles in a green dress. An adorable coo came from little baby Cindy Lou, who was no older than two and the youngest of the children. She held onto and nibbled on a teddy in her carrier, which was sheltered from the breeze by the shadow and form of the final child: Buddy, the 10 year old whose hat was currently being used to collect the bills and coins the children were receiving. He joined Sophianna in giving thanks for the support while sporting a green jackey and yellow snow-pants \"Thank you, happy holidays!\" \"How's everything going?\" The kids turned to see a lovely young woman named Judy, their matron, descending the stais to check on them and take Cindy in from the cold. Buddy hoisted up his hat and showed it with pride \"I'd say we have a couple hundred pounds already.\" He beamed with pride. \"And this is just the first day!\" Jeremy beamed with delight, briefly taking his eye off his subject before returning to his work \"Well, wrap it up and come in for coco.\" Judy smiled, eliciting a few groans or protesting from not only the kids, but the veiwers Yes, it seemed like this was indeed a happy little orphanage, and the kids and matron were getting ready for another Christmas. They had no idea that those minutes were probably the last normal ones of their lives. AC XXX DC Back at the North Pole Same time \"Well Arthur; I'd say he is ready.\" Steve beamed with pride as the Claus family, from a control room, watched something that was amazing, proud and tear-jerking all at once (although that last one was mostly in the case of Arthur). Dennis jumped down and up chimney stacks, leapt from rooftop to rooftop without a hint of fear or hesitation and scaled tall buildings by holding onto the sills of windows and leaping through them without so much as a crack or crash. He had bones for dogs, yarn for cats, downed the milk and cookies in half a blink and set up dinners without fail while depositing every single present stylishly and perfectly. His course had included three regular sized houses, a small apartment building, a skyscraper and a church. He finished them all in record time. \"That's my boy.\" Francine smiled as she and Bea gave Arthur a hug. \"Well, dear?\" Arthur smiled and gave his head a nod. \"Okay. He's ready. Good job, Jim.\" \"I don't think either myself or father could've done better ourselves.\" Malcom smiled, proud of his grandson. Grand-Santa let out an amused grin. The boy was lucky he wasn't doing this during a world war! Those years, Grand-Santa had EARNED his reputation of Santa. \"Well let me tell you this much, it wasn't easy!\" Jim groaned. \"You wouldn't BELIEVE how many chimneys and windows he went through!\" As if to demonstrate, a full two minute two video of Dennis'….less than stellar performances…lit up the screen. Chimneys and windows were destroyed, alarms set off, dogs and cats had leapt onto the boy…. \"Sorry!\" One of the elves said, hurriedly typing away the clips. \"Thought I deleted that.\" \"Oh, Dennis….\" Arthur hid his face in his hands and groaned every time he heard his son holler 'I'm okay!' Nick held back his laughter until he caught sight of Dennis slamming into a wall and falling onto his back saying 'I'll have the gluten free cookies, mom!' By the time the clips had finished, Dennis had made his up the control room with a proud smile on his face. \"So?\" He asked. \"You're ready.\" Arthur smiled at his son as steve motioned an elf to bring up the image of a large building \"That is your target.\" Arthur explained. \"Agatha's Orphanage in jolly old London England.\" \"Just there?\" Dennis asked, a little disappointed. \"Baby steps, Dennis, baby steps.\" Malcom assured his grandson. \"When I started out, my father only let me do the cottages.\" \"And here is your equipment.\" Steve told his nephew, handing him a backpack. \"Pixie dust, a reindeer whistle, a Ho-Ho 2026 for scanning wrapped presents…\" \"Don't forget this!\" A female elf with a blonde Mohawk that contrasted her short black hair appeared and handed the boy a small device. \"An all on one wrapping kit. Laser gudided scissors, self-taping…and an unlimited amount of bows!\" \"Thanks, aunt Bryony.\" Dennis beamed before turning to Steve. \"Why a backpack? Shouldn't I…?\" \"We only have one sack, and it's a family heirloom.\" Malcom cut in. \"Sorry, Dennis, you'll have to make due.\" Dennis shrugged and then truned to his father \"So, what do the kids want?\" \"Well….\" Arthur struggled. \"That's the thing, we haven't gotten a letter from any of them. And with only a week before Christmas…\" \"Oh, don't worry, dad.\" Dennis beamed, reaching into his pocket. \"I think I know a way around that.\" He then pulled out a snowglobe, only to see all the adults gasp in shock. \"Dennis….\" Steve asked. \"Where did you get that?\" \"Grand-Santa?\" Dennis confessed in spite of the older man motioning him not to. \"Those teleporting snow-globes were banned for a reason!\" Steve hollered in shock. \"They're the reason of…the 1816 incident.\" All the older Clauses shuddered at the memory \"And you know the rules, nephew.\" Nick added. \"We can't be seen…\" \"No, Santa can't be seen.\" Dennis corrected everyone. \"I'll just pop in for a quick spell, chat up a bit and then port back. No problems at all.\" Grand-Santa now looked worried. \"Dennis, wait!\" \"I say….\" Dennis beamed before, shaking the snow globe and whispering. \"Agatha's Orphanage.\" He then flung the ball to the ground and disappeared in a blaze of snowflakes and wind. \"Denny?\" Bea asked, tugging her mother's sleeve. \"Ma? Where Denny?\" No one said a word for a full 10 minutes. \"Father….\" Malcom asked. \"How many of those did you give him?\" \"…..One.\" \"And does he know they only work one way?\" \"…..Slipped me mind.\" \"Are you telling me….?\" Arthur asked. \"That my son is in the real world….a week before Christmas…with a backpack's worth of Christmas night delivery supplies…with no food, clothes or drink besides what he has on him….and you, when giving him that, neglected to tell me a rather important detail?\" Grand-Santa nodded. \"Oh dear…\" Francine said. \"If anyone in the other countries finds out that a Claus checked in on a single location prior to Christmas…oh, I can feel the headache from the UN already!\" \"Not to worry!\" Steve assured Arthur. \"We know where Dennis teleported to and every Ho-Ho has a tracking chip installed just in case something like this happens.\" Arthur gave his brother a look that said 'is that supposed to make me feel better?' \"And I shall deploy the elves I had on standby.\" \"When he gets back….\" Arthur sighed. \"I am going to hug, kiss and then GROUND THAT BOY FOR THE REST OF HIS NATURAL LIFE!\" Everyone but Francine backed away \"No you won't.\" Francine smiled at her husband, giving him a peck on the cheek and then handing Bea over to him. \"I'll go help Mum with the search and treaties.\" Arthur barely gave his wife a second glance as he stared at Steve. \"I've already deployed the trio.\" Steve assured him. \"They should have Dennis back in home for tea.\" Arthur rubbed his crown in exasperation. When Francine found her mother-in-law, she let out a smile and gave her a thumbs up. \"Operation, Santa-Ship has started with no complications, mum.\" She beamed happily \"Wonderful, dear.\" Margret smiled as she handed Grand-Santa his favorite pudding. \"Totally worth the lashing Arthur's going to give me later.\" The old man grinned \"Oh, don't worry about that.\" Francine assured him, \"By the time this all blows over, he'll probably forget all about it.\" \"I must say, I'm glad Dennis asked for what he did.\" Margret smiled. \"We Clauses may not been seen by normal people, but how is Dennis going to find a Mrs. Claus? Or make friends of his own?\" \"To say nothing of understanding how the world works.\" Francine added with a smile as she picked up a book of Cultures from around the world. AC XXX DC While Arthur and Steve had panicked and his mother and sister-in-law had done their own way of looking, Nick went about looking for his nephew in his own manner: He went outside and snowboarded into familiar territory. \"Ok, don't worry Nick….\" He told himself. \"Everything's going to be fine. This isn't about you….It's about Dennis. Besides, if he can handle this, so can you.\" The rumbling of a belly filled his ears and some snow shook. With that, all the confidence Nick had had vanished, and he began to quake in his boots. Up rose Belbo, who let out a roar before blinking in confusion. He then returned to all fours and began looking around, seemingly uninterested in the older Claus boy and looking for the other. \"Um…Bel?\" Nick called out. \"Dennis…is kind of gone.\" A frown crossed the bear's face, and he sat down and pouted, \"Well, I know where he is….but I kind of need help finding him.\" Belbo rose an eyebrow, then furrowed it when he caught onto what Nick was asking of him. \"Look…\" Nick confessed. \"Not going to lie, you scare me, being a polar bear and all. I have no idea how Dennis puts up with you…but we both want him to be safe, right?\" Belbo let out a nod. \"So….just until we find him…we work together?\" Nick let out a hand, hoping he'd keep it. Belbo stood on his hind legs, gave Nick a sniff…then another, examined his hand, and placed a paw over it. Letting out a sigh of relief, Nick dug into his pocket and pulled out a snowglobe while holding onto the polar bear's neck. \"I say…Agatha's Orphanage.\" As teen and bear vanished into the swirling ring of snowflakes and sparkles, they failed to notice someone had overheard their conversation. AC XXX DC Dennis landed face-first in the snow and after a minute of his world spinning, wiping it off his form; a red and green stripped jumper with snow-pants, boots and a toque. \"At least I didn't land on the concrete.\" He mused as he cricked his neck Honking, chatter, movement…People muttering, smiling, laughing, Packages being wrapped, coco being sipped….So this was the 'real' world, huh? \"I think I'm going to like it here.\" Dennis smiled as he looked around for the building he sought. Upon seeing it, he made his way over. Read and review, would ye kindly? Once again, Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. I'm working to upload as much of this fic as possible before Christmas. ","Summary":" Dennis Christmas Years after the events of the movie, Arthur's son Dennis asks for the chance to do"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Arthur Christmas 2: Unveiled","Author":"Oddwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10919956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] December 26th, 2013 My dearest Margaret, How I wish this letter was written with a happier purpose rather than confession and warning. If only I could tell you face to face, how much easier this would be. That is not an option though, so I must confess from a distance, for now more than ever you must be aware of the dangers. When we were in the North, with Malcolm and such, I wrote everything. Hate me for what you will, but know the truth. All the details available to us, the location of the exits, the magic, I wrote in that journal Malcolm gifted to me since all my other journals were either burned or drowned, everything we knew. When we got back to England, I kept it away from public eye, and made sure nobody knew. For years, I kept it hidden, away from the eyes that would seek to exploit such magic, and for a while I succeeded. But then they came. Their name is unknown, but their intent is dark, and for years they gave chase to take the journal, until I lost them in Canada. That was 16 years ago. Now though, they've come back, and though they have changed, their intent is the same. After the UFO incident (I'd ask if the situation was less weighty), a renewed energy brought them to my door, demanding the journal. Luckily, they could not find it, but they stayed, following me everywhere. Were this letter not hidden in that of my great-granddaughter's, no doubt they would've intercepted it. Time is short, so I'll keep this quick. As you read this, my last two of kin, the last survivors of the organization's harassment, travel with journal in hand northward to you. According to my calculations, they'll be within a 3 week straight drive of the North upon your receiving this letter. The elder, Helen, has lived a life of fear under the organization, and can tell you everything I have and more as soon as they arrive. Her daughter, Gabriela, is young, but holds great knowledge on the journal as well. Both will be vital to keeping the secret of the North. I know not if by now they've changed phones or lost them all together to keep in the shadows, but in case they don't, remember the code: DAF-IGB-CDHI. It seems jumbled, but remember our old games, and you'll understand. They're coming. Do not attempt to contact me, it's not worth it. Stay safe, stay hidden. I pray you may someday forgive me. Sincerely, James Greenlock[Chapter 2] Date: January 15th, 2014 Time: 19:00 Location: Dinner room, Claus Residence, North Pole \"Sing 'Jingle Bells' backwards.\" BEEP \"Hgiels nepo esroh eno a ni edir ot si ti nuf tahw ho, yaw eht lla elgnij, slleb elgnij, slleb elgnij! Ha ha, you're going to have to up your game sonny-boy if you want to beat me!\" Steve Claus didn't even bother to roll his eyes as Grandsanta laughed loudly at Malcolm's misery over having lost yet another point to his father. Honestly, if his mother hadn't given him the look of 'do-it-or-else' the Executive COO would be back on track to planning out this year's Christmas. There was enough to do as is, with the paperwork, the upgrades, the trainings- why waste time on a board game when there were far more pressing matters at hand? CRASH \"Mum, Mum! You won't believe this!\" Like what troublesome discord Arthur was instigating this time. \"Arthur, it's the North Pole! Close the door!\" Every single time-! Was he unaware of the breeze that came in when the doors were left open? Even Grandsanta remembered to close them, and the man was on his 140th year of life! \"Oh! Uh, sorry!\" With the door closed, the excitable Santa slid over (those shoes were a hazard) to his mother, a look of curiousity all over his face and a green envelope in hand. \"You won't believe this!\" \"You've said that, dear. What are you talking about?\" Words had hardly fallen out of her mouth when Arthur had brought the letter up to face level. \"I was-There was- A letter came in just now, just as I was filing away last year's! Isn't that amazing? The first letter of the year!\" \"Oh, how exciting dear-\" \"It's for you! 'To Mrs. Margaret Claus.' Isn't that exciting?\" Hm, odd. It wasn't that letters to Mrs. Claus were unheard of, far from it. Last year alone roughly 7,000 letters had been directed to her, all of which she managed to answer between political talks with Greenland, fighting off polar bears and keeping the peace in the Northpole for both the Claus family AND the elves. Rather, the oddity of how specific the letter was. Few were the people that actually knew the name of any of the Clauses, at least outside of the North Pole, so for a letter to be so oddly accurate in regards to name was rather...strange. Though then again, children that wrote to did sometimes attempt to address her with her first name, with none of their guesses ever having truly succeeded. First time for. \"Come on, open it! Ooooh it's so exciting that the first letter came in so early!\" Margaret laughed softly at her youngest son's bounciness. Endless energy seemed to flow out of him with ease, as if all the Christmas spirit of the family was trapped in one body and demanded to be let out. With a small rip, the green envelope in her hand opened and revealed a small white letter and... a photograph? Picking it up gingerly, a smile blossomed on her face at the sight. \"Why, it's James and his family! Malcolm, come quick, look at how much he's changed!\" Almost immediately both Claus brothers perked up (if actually taking one's eyes of the screen of a H.O.H.O counts as perking up) at. James Greenlock, the only human outside of the Clauses who knew about their existence, all because he had been present when their parents had first met (what a doozy of a story that was). Dr. Margaret Kalleger, esteemed biologist in London, and her assistant Dr. James Greenlock, had ventured to the North Pole to study reindeer migration patterns. After finding and following a lone reindeer traveling on its own, they seperated from the rest of the exploration team and came across the hidden away Christmas Base, giving the elves and the Clauses a heart attack and nearly spilling the beans on the entire operation. With the help of Eve Claus to negotiate with Margaret though (James had fainted from the shock of finding elves), both biologists swore never to reveal the location or information of the Clauses, and were granted permission to continue their observations of reindeer. Malcolm became friends with both of them, and over the course of 6 months, fell in love with the female genius. When it came time for James and Margaret to head back to England, Margaret decided to stay, and James left, becoming the only person outside of the North Pole who knew its true location. Supposedly, the two friends had fallen out of contact over the years due to Margaret's many responsibilities and Jame's work, with not so much as a letter for decades! How odd that he would contact now... Perhaps a moment of nostalgia had overtaken him. Malcolm lumbered over from his game, keeping his eyes on the board though. Ever since he and Grandsanta had started this rivalry over the board game, the two were constantly attempting to one up each other in the game. If Grandsanta turned his back, Malcolm would move a space ahead; if Malcolm so much as got distracted Grandsanta would switch the dice, a truly never ending rivalry over a simple board game. How two grown men could ever get so competitive over papercards and little metalic figurines was astounding. \"Oh my, it is James! Though, I can't say he's aged well. Man looks like a toothpick.\" \"Ha! That boy was always a toothpick, practically broke in half at the breeze!\" Guffaws and coughs over took the oldest Claus as his outburst backfired on him, landing him back in his seat in front of the game. The game no one was paying attention to...hm... \"Well, let's see what caused him to write to us... I hope he's doing well!\" With that, placed the photo on the table and proceeded to unfold the letter, letting Aruther and Steve finally see this legendary James. A child, a woman, and a man in a wheelchair were present, all in front of thousands of beds of flowers posing for a picture. The child, a tiny girl in a small yellow dress, no older than 5, maybe 6 years old, was on the lap of the man, looking excitedly with wide green eyes at the camera with a wide grin that reached ear to ear. Frizzy black-brown hair was parted down the middle, pigtails sticking out at the sides as her hands clutched eachother in her lap, supressing their need to move around and her giddiness. Perhaps it was the cheery color of the dress or the blindingly white toothy smile, but the child seemed to be made of sheer, bouncy energy, more eager to play than to sit pretty for a photograph. Behind her and the wheelchair, a short, pear shaped, rather heavy woman had her hands on the handlebars, dark eyes looking through silver-rimmed glasses in a soft smile. Dark brown skin glowed in the light, framed by a couple of loose black curls and the occasional grey strand that had escaped the braid that went down her left shoulder. A certain elegance surrounded her larger figure, as her clothes were simple and humble yet flattering, to a degree. If the few grey hairs were any indicator, the woman was most likely the child's mother and the man's daughter. Which brought up the last figure, the man's. Perhaps in the past he had been strong, tall, or possibly even imposing; whatever the past case may have been, all that was left was skin and bones, a mere whisp of the past. A kindly face grinned, wrinkles appearing around dark eyes crinkled in even darker skin, a mere tuft of white hair resting at the center of his head spiraling upwards. Thin, frail, yet still gentle. A pair of hands on his granddaughter (at least, that's what Steve assumed she was to him), keeping her still for the photo. Even in his old age, there was intelligence twinkling in his eyes, almost as if a simple gaze could pierce even the most hidden secret. It was him. James Greenlock. \"Oh dear...\" Soft whispers in an alarmed tone brought Steve's attention (and Arthur's delayed response) to their mother, who had sat down, worry furrowing on her brow. Before any of the other could ask whatever had brought her sadness, Margaret looked up, a fair bit of fear on her. \"They know.\" ","Summary":" December 26th, 2013 My dearest Margaret, How I wish this letter was written with a happier purpose "},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Moments with Santa's sons","Author":"Diamondback Mako","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7801237","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey everyone! Since the Arthur Christmas fanfic section is still painfully small, I decided to add another story while I worked on \"Who Would have guessed\". This one however is just some one-shots involving Steve and Arthur during their life and doesn't really follow a time line. Some chapters occur before the movie and some will be during or after. This particular chapter takes place way before the film when Steve is 17 and Arthur is 10. :-) Disclaimer: I don't own Steve or Arthur; they belong to Arthur Christmas which belongs to Aardman. Steve yawned as he crawled under the covers of his bed. He had spent most of the day in his room working on some ideas to make the Christmas deliveries faster and more convenient. The seventeen year old closed his eyes and soon fell into a deep sleep. It wasn't long till he felt something poke him in the shoulder. Poke, poke, poke. This went on for a few seconds till Steve finally opened his eyes tiredly, wondering who or what woke him up. His question was answered when he found the small form of Arthur staring down at him. The ten year old had a tired, yet frightened look on his face. \"Arthur? What are you doing here?\" Steve mumbled as he looked over his little brother. The younger Claus rubbed one of his eyes before replying, \"I had a bad dream and got scared.\" He whimpered with a little sniffle. Steve rolled his eyes with a sigh, \"Arthur, mum and dad already had a talk with you about nightmares. You know they're not real and there's nothing to be afraid of.\" He said while propping himself up on one elbow. \"I can't help it! This one was really scary; I was chased by a monster!\" Arthur replied. Steve brought up his other hand and pinched the bridge of his nose. \"Can I sleep with you tonight?\" The question completely caught the elder son off guard and Steve snapped his gaze back up to his brother. \"What?\" he questioned while furrowing his brows lightly. He really hoped he only imagined his brother making such a request. Arthur licked his little lips before repeating, \"Can I sleep with you tonight? Please? Look I even brought my own pillow!\" He held up the pillow that was in his hands. Steve shook his head, \"No Arthur, just…no.\" Tears began to form in the younger boy's eyes and Steve gave a small frown. \"Please Steve! Mum and dad aren't back from their trip yet and I can't sleep with Grand-Santa because he snores really loud. It's just for tonight I promise!\" Arthur pleaded. Mr. and Mrs. Claus had left a couple of days ago for a small trip to discuss some treaty with Greenland (again), and Grand-Santa's snores were incredibly loud. Because of this, the only other person Arthur could get comfort from was Steve and unfortunately, the eldest son knew that and wasn't totally for the idea. After thinking this over for a moment, Steve sighed, \"Arthur I really don't think-\" \"But you're my big brother and you're supposed to help take care of me when mum and dad aren't here!\" Arthur cut him off and added, \"I won't be a burden, and I'll go to sleep really fast!\" The pitiful look on the ten year olds face was getting really hard to resist and Steve finally caved in. \"Alright fine, but just for tonight! Got it? Just this once.\" he instructed sternly as he moved over to make room for his younger sibling. Arthur's face lit up and he eagerly climbed onto the bed and crawled under the covers. He smiled as he laid his head on his pillow. \"Thank you Steve.\" He thanked gratefully. Steve laid back down, \"Yeah no problem.\" He was about to drift off to sleep when he felt the other occupant snuggle against his chest. For the second time that night, Steve's eye's snapped open and he looked down to see Arthur cuddling against him. The teenager moved himself away slightly only for Arthur to snuggle against him once more. \"Arthur…\" Steve whispered while trying to push his brother away. Arthur looked at Steve, \"Sorry Steve but you're so warm.\" He apologized. Steve huffed softly, \"Well don't get so close.\" With that, he turned so that his back was to the younger boy. Arthur continued to watch the next in line Santa before he sat up slowly. \"Steve?\" He asked softly. A grunt from his brother indicated that he was listening and Arthur continued, \"I lied about my nightmare. There was no monster chasing me, but you were in it.\" He started while twiddling his fingers. When his brother didn't remark on that, he continued once more, \"I was looking for you but I couldn't find you. You were gone and no one knew where you went and I never saw you again!\" His eyes began to tear up at the memory of the horrible nightmare. In the dream, Arthur had gone looking for his older brother only to find that the elder Claus was nowhere to be found. Then to his horror, nobody knew where the teenager had gone off too, it was like he had disappeared into thin air. Arthur sniffled at the mere thought of Steve just vanishing from existence. Steve turned to looked at his younger sibling, \"Weird dream.\" He mused while rolling on his back to ease the strain on his neck. Arthur shook his head, \"It wasn't a dream, it was a really bad nightmare!\" At this, he began to cry before leaning down to hug his brother, \"I don't want you to go Steve! I love you!\" He sobbed with large tears rolling down his cheeks. Shocked at his brother's outburst, Steve brought his arms up to hug his brother awkwardly, \"It's okay Arthur, I'm not going anywhere! It was just a bad nightmare like you said.\" He soothed as best he could. This seemed to work since the young boy's sobs slowed down till they finally stopped. For the next few moments, Steve slowly rubbed Arthur's back till he was sure he was asleep. The teenager then adjusted the blanket so that it covered them both before he laid his head down once more and finally drifted off into his slumber. Just before he was totally out of it, he could feel Arthur cuddle against him again. And instead of pushing him away, he allowed his brother to snuggle with him. 'Just this once.' Steve reasoned as his own dreams over took him. It was about one in the morning when Mr. and Mrs. Claus returned from their business trip. The parents' were exhausted and ready to get to sleep but first, they went to check on Grand-Santa and their children. After seeing that the eldest Claus was fine and snoring his lungs out, they went to check on their sons. Mrs. Claus went to check on Arthur while Mr. Claus left to check on Steve. When she opened the door to her younger son's room, she was greeted with an empty bed. Confused and concern, she left the room and found her husband smiling down at her from the entrance of Steve's room and motioning her over. Still wondering where her second son was, she walked to her first son's room and looked through the open door. The mother smiled and breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Arthur fast asleep in Steve's bed with Steve sleeping right next to him. Margaret quietly walked up to her boys and fixed the blanket before walking out of the room while Malcolm closed the door again, and the two left to their own room, allowing their sons to sleep in peace. End Chapter.[Chapter 2] Hello again, sorry for the long wait but here is the next one shot. In this one, Steve is 7 and Arthur is newly born. Disclaimer: Arthur Christmas belongs to Aardman. I'm just a poor fanfic writer that is making no money off these stories. Margaret took a deep breath as she rubbed her stomach slowly. Her husband placed a hand on her shoulder and she looked up at him. \"I can't help but feel a bit nervous.\" She admitted with a sheepish grin. Malcolm, commonly known as Santa, tilted his head, \"About what dear?\" Mrs. Clause licked her lips, \"About telling Steven. What if he isn't happy? As it is, he's already upset that you didn't get him that pool table he wanted.\" She rose a brow at her husband. Mr. Clause frowned and retorted, \"Well he should have wrote to me! I had thousands of other children to think about!\" He then smirked, \"As for how he will react…well, there's not much he can do about it.\" Margaret sighed, \"I suppose you're right.\" With that, the two turned back to the closed door they were standing in front of, and gave a gentle knock before the current Santa slowly opened the door to their sons' room. The seven year old was sitting at his desk, reading a large book on cars and other motorized vehicles. His light blue eyes flickered to his parents for a second before returning to the pages. \"Hello mum…and dad.\" He mumbled without looking back up. He held no hard feelings towards his mother, but his father was another story. He couldn't believe his dad forgot about his own son. Despite feeling the hostility his son was directing at him, Malcolm smiled, \"Your mother and I have some good news for you.\" He stated while beaming down at his wife, who smiled back at him. Steve looked up from his book and stared up at them intently as if to say, 'Okay I'm listening'. Taking this as a sign to continue, Margaret decided to take it from there, \"Steven,\" She started while kneeling down next to Steve's chair so that she could see him eye to eye, \"How would you feel about having a little brother or sister?\" She questioned. Steve furrowed his brow, \"I don't know…why do you ask?\" Mrs. Clause rubbed her stomach again, \"Because I'm carrying a baby right now and your father and I wanted to know if you would be excited to be a big brother.\" She explained. Steve frowned, \"I don't know if I want to be a big brother. I heard all about younger siblings and how they get into their older brothers and sisters stuff.\" His frowned deepened in thought. He had heard from the elves that had younger siblings and were constantly complaining about how the younger ones either took or broke something. Steve really didn't want to deal with that, especially since he was planning on inventing stuff when he was older. The last thing he would need was a younger brother or sister bothering him. Hearing their sons' reply, Mr. and Mrs. Clause looked at each other before Malcolm sighed, \"Well son, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but like our mother said, she's already pregnant and the babies going to be coming either way.\" He ran a hand over Steve's short black hair. Margaret placed a hand on Steve's knee, \"I know you're not happy about this now, but once the baby's born and you see him…or her…I'm sure you'll change your mind.\" Steve narrowed his eyes and tuned back to look at his book. Steve may be young but he certainly wasn't stupid and he knew that if his mother was already carrying, then there was nothing he could do and his opinion didn't matter. Like his parents said, the baby was coming either way. He just wished that they would have talked to him about this before his mother got pregnant. 'Although I highly doubt they would postpone having a baby on my account had they asked me.' He thought moodily while tuning the page to his book. Mr. and Mrs. Clause exchanged looks before leaving their son in peace. They really hoped that their son would warm up to the fact that soon, there would be a new addition in the family. 9 Months later Steve swung his still short legs as he sat in one of the chairs in the waiting room of the Elf hospital. His mother had gone into labor a few hours ago and was brought in to give birth to her second child. Grandsanta was sitting next to his grandson and would glance at the doors every so often. The ex-Santa didn't want to admit it, but he was worried about his daughter in law. She was taking a while to push this next tyke out. When Steve was born, she had him out within an hour; now it had been just a little over three hours and there was still no news of any new baby. 'I thought the second birth was supposed to be easier than the first.' He mused while leaning back in his chair. As soon as he finished his thought, one of the elf doctors walked through the double doors and grinned, \"Alright, you two can come see the new baby now.\" She announced and held the door open for the two male Clauses. \"It's about time, what took so long?\" Grand Santa questioned as he walked down the hall, one of his hands was gently rubbing his lower as he tried to keep himself standing up straight. Unfortunately, due to his age, his back was forming a slight hunch and he would be needing a cane soon. The doctor cleared her throat, \"The baby was giving us a hard time and didn't want to come out. I guess he didn't want to leave his mummy's nice warm tummy.\" She explained with a chuckle. Steve looked at her, \"It's a boy?\" A nod confirmed this and Grand Santa smiled, \"Well what do you know…you've got yourself a little brother Mr. Smarty-pants Steve.\" Steve ignored his grandfathers' name calling and nodded, \"Yeah, a little brother.\" He repeated as they arrived at the room his parents and new brother were in. The doctor quietly opened the door and motioned the two boys inside before leaving so the family could have some time alone with their newest member. Steve and Grand Santa walked up to the bed Mrs. Clause was partially sitting/laying on. The now older son looked up at his mother, who was cradling a small blue bundle. Margaret looked down at her first born and gave a soft smile, \"You have a brother Steven.\" She stated while looking back down at her second baby. \"I heard.\" Steve replied before giving a small gasp as he felt his father pick him up and gently place him on the bed with his mother. Margaret motioned Steve to come closer and shifted slightly as the older boy carefully crawled so he could get a better look at his new sibling. The tiny baby had his eyes closed as he slept peacefully. He was wearing a small blue baby beanie that partially covered his large ears, tiny little mittens, which Steve assumed matched the baby booties that the baby was most likely wearing as well. Protruding from the infants' mouth was a binky that would move every so often as the baby sucked on it. \"What do you think Steven?\" Margaret asked softly while fixing the blanket around the infant after he shifted in his mother's arms. Steve stared at his brother for a few seconds before replying, \"He's so…little. What's his name?\" Malcolm beamed, \"His name is Arthur.\" Grand Santa nodded in satisfaction, \"Not a bad name.\" \"Arthur.\" Steve repeated and rose his brows as Arthur's little eyes slowly started to open. \"He's got light blue eyes like me!\" Steve observed once Arthur's eyes were fully open. Arthur meanwhile, was staring at the two new people in the room. He had already met his mother and father, but he had no idea who these other two were, yet he knew he had heard the two strangers' voices while he was in his mommy's womb. Margaret shifted her baby once more, \"Arthur, say hello to your Grandfather,\" at this, Grand Santa beamed at his second grandson, \"And your big brother Steve.\" Arthur's blue eyes looked over Grand Santa and Steve before he let out a happy coo. Grand Santa reached over and grasped Arthurs' hand gently and gave it a small shake, \"Hello there Arthur, you little tyke.\" The new born giggled at his grandpa's antics before looking back at his brother. For a long moment, neither one of the boys did anything but stare at each other in awe. Finally, Steve swallowed before licking his lips, \"Hi little brother.\" He greeted. To everyone's surprise, Arthur let out a loud excited squeal, followed by a cute baby laugh that caused his binky to fall from his mouth. \"My goodness Arthur! Where did all this energy come from?\" Mrs. Clause chuckled as her younger son started to kick his little arms and legs in excitement. Malcolm ruffled Steve's hair, \"He really likes you Steven.\" \"Yeah, I guess he does.\" Steve replied while fixing his hair. Arthur was already starting to settle down and Margaret returned the binky to Arthur's mouth. She then began to bounce him softly and watched as her child drifted off to sleep once more. While the three adults continued to gush about how cute Arthur was and what not, Steve watched his brother sleep and shrugged his shoulders. 'I guess it won't be too bad having a little brother.' He thought to himself with a smile. End Chapter One-Shot #3 coming soon! :D ","Summary":" A/N: Hey everyone! Since the Arthur Christmas fanfic section is still painfully small, I decided to"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Leap of Faith","Author":"Yuki Suou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12006865","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Leap of faith. Summary: Kate took it. He was way too precious for her. Rating: T Kate woke up with a smile on her face. She was honestly surprised that Stuart's invention even worked, after all the time she had spent laughing at him and his strange ideas. But thanks to those ridiculous ideas, she had finally managed to come across, dare she say, the person of her dreams? Time travelling was a tricky business and she didn't understand all the technicalities. To wrap her mind around the fact that there would be no Stuart if he hadn't gone back in time, he wouldn't even be born, and to think that his ex-girlfriend was actually his ancestor, well all of that was mind-boggling. Anyway, who cared? She had Leopold. Taking a deep breath, she finally yawned and opened her eyes- -to a stark white ceiling. She blinked. Once. Twice. Thrice. What on earth- \"Ah, Kate, you're awake. Good morning! How are you feeling today?\" She turned her head to the right to be met with a perky brunette in a nurse uniform, smiling as brightly as in a toothpaste commercial and twice as much fake. \"Erm, where am I? What. . . happened?\" \"Your brother will be visiting soon, Kate. Wish you a good day.\" She didn't miss the slightly alarmed look the nurse gave her, before scurrying away as fast as it didn't look like running. \"Wait! My brother?\" She was horrified. Her brother wasn't supposed to be HERE! \"Where is Leopold?\" The panicked look in the other woman's eyes did nothing to soothe her nerves. She pushed herself off from the bed to inspect her new surroundings. She became more and more unnerved by the realization that she was most probably, to put it nicely, in a mental asylum. And with her effects lying around in the room, it seemed that she was there for quite a while. Her mind whirled. Just a week ago, she had travelled back in time to be with the Duke of Albania and her past few days were a mini-tornado, what with all the arrangements to be made for an impromptu wedding. And now, here she was. She didn't understand anything. She didn't like it. So she did what was supposed to calm her mind. But the pacing didn't do her any good this time. \"Hey!\" She was thankful that her brother arrived when he did. She basically threw herself at him. \"Charlie, what's going on? What's wrong? I am NOT supposed to be here.\" She clung to his shirt. \"Where is Leopold? Why?\" He took a deep breath. As he slowly pried her fingers off his shirt one by one, he started, \"Sweetheart, there is no Leopold. Please, you were doing so well for the last few months, you were about to be released and you started this again?\" The defeat was clearly evident in the normally upbeat voice of her brother. \"What. . . what are you talking about? What do you mean there is no Leopold? You saw him, you talked to him, you took dating advice from him, heck we even had dinner together! How could you forget his \"I am accustomed to stand when a lady leaves the table\", and all those speech about \"result of reflection and study?\" \" She was on the verge of tears. \"I. . . I don't understand! Where's Stuart? He will-\" His lips thinned. \"He is not coming, Kate. Get over him already! You deserve someone much better than him.\" She was repeating herself a lot today. \"What? Kate stared at the garden, unseeingly. She looked calm, but after what she gathered from the conversation with her brother, she was anything but. Apparently, she has gone insane with shock after Stuart broke up with her and she had started pretending that she was in love with Leopold, his ancestor and the Duke of Albania. Apparently. And she was stuck in this place for the last eight months, supposed to be discharged the next day but she had blotched that up with her early morning outburst. She glanced at the calender. Tomorrow was the day she had received her promotion. And also, the day she had left the modern world. Her jaws tightened. She would get that discharge certificate by hook or by crook. \"Miss?\" A timid voice calls from the door. \"It is time for your checkup.\" She rose with a new-found determination. She was NOT going to blow this up. The doctor was rather surprised at the lucidity she had shown at the interview after morning fiasco. Apparently, the last time she had a breakdown was a month ago and the effects lasted for three days. She tried to eavesdrop on the doctor's conversation with Charlie. \". . . these are some residual effect. . . will be alright. . . continue medications. . . contact immediately. . .\" Straightening up as she heard the door open, she greeted her brother with a smile. He hugged her after closing the door. \"I'm so sorry about what happened today, Charlie. I don't know what came over me.\" She felt her heart break about lying to him. \"I guess. . . I can't give up on Stuart yet.\" \"Hey, take it easy, sis. It's okay, you are going home tomorrow.\" She looked into his eyes. \"I am?\" He nodded with a bright smile on his face. Her heart cracked a little bit more. She hugged him. \"You do realize you don't have to cancel your job for my sake?\" She said, without removing her eyes from the \"fresh creamery butter\" advertisement, one which was glaringly without Leopold. \"It's important Charlie, you can go. I'll be fine.\" She felt him fidget beside her. \"It's just a few hours.\" Switching off the television, she turned towards him. \"Come on, up you get.\" Charlie was visibly torn. \"You sure?\" She rolled her eyes. \"No, I'm not. Just go now. Shoo!\" He heaved a sigh of relief and pecked her on the cheek. \"You are the best sis ever!\" She grimaced. \"Yeah. I agree.\" Not. She waited till he rounded the corner, then jumped into action. Sifting through her wardrobe, she found the grey dress she wore that day. She was ready in record time. Looking carefully, she bolted-but-not-quite out of the doors. She waited in the dark till the receptionist went to take the timed toilet break. Perfect. Flagging down a cab, she quickly mentioned the destination and glanced around one last time before getting in. Everything was the same. Well, everything, except the absence of Charlie and Stuart. Even the jam. She made her way towards the garter. One feet. Two feet. She checked the watch. The spot where the breach would be closing in a few seconds. \"Ma'am! Wait! This is not right!\" Rest of his words were lost in the frantic blowing of his whistle. Balancing precariously, she took a deep breath. \"MA'AM!\" And she took the leap of faith. Thanks for reading. Review please? . ","Summary":" Title: Leap of faith. Summary: Kate took it. He was way too precious for her. Rating: T Kate woke u"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"The Future in the Past","Author":"Lothiriel84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9702851","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kate holds onto the pictures she's slipped into her coat pocket earlier in the cab, as she jumps down the bridge and into the past. She's not sure she'll ever understand why she's in those pictures; Stuart's explanation sounded more like a riddle than anything else, but that doesn't really matter right now. All that matters is getting there in time. It's kind of ironic that her intended destination is the same building she's just left, and yet not the same at all. The valets refuse to let her in, then Otis shows up. Kate breaks into a sudden smile. ","Summary":" Kate holds onto the pictures she's slipped into her coat pocket earlier in the cab, as she jumps do"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Timeless","Author":"DeathTrapDaisy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5447671","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"This whole thing wasnyour idea Stuart, now Kate is gone and Leo…\" Charlie didn't takenwell to the absence of his elder sister and her new groom to be,nafter six months the sweet idea of time travel had turned bitter innhis mouth, Stuart on the other hand knew what he had done was right,nKate was happy and Leopold was safe and sound back in 1876. Stuart sat and playednhis piano ignoring Charlie's hatred fit, he knew he wouldneventually calm down or get so cross he would leave the room, therenwas nothing he could say to convince the young man at this point thatnthere was hope. \"Talk to me damn it!\"nhe cursed grabbing Stuart by the shoulders and turning him aroundnviolently, as Stuart ceased his playing, looking down, he knew he hadndisappointed his young friend in front of him, did he think it wasneasy watching his girlfriend of 4 years leap off the Brooklyn bridgento land in another mans arms? No it wasn't easy, and Charlie didn'tnunderstand. \"I don't have timenfor this..\" Stuart muttered to himself as he stood and shruggednCharles hands form his shoulders, walking toward the door grabbingnhis coat as he prepared to leave. \"So that's it then?nYour just going to get up and walk away? I'm never going to see mynsister again, all because of you.\" He blamed, pointing with onenhand the other on his hip. \"Charlie she chosenLeopold, its how things had to be.\" \"She chose after younpushed her.\" Stuart rolling hisneyes, this conversation had taken place too many times to count. \"There was a crack inntime, someone had to fix it and sending him back, and her was thenonly way, I wouldn't have existed not to mention how many othernpeople.\" \"So you did it tonsave yourself.\" Charlie replied. Stuart looking down he couldn'tndeny the fact it was a big part of his decision making. \"I don't have tonexplain myself to you.\" He muttered and stalked out the doornslamming it. \"You cant run forevernStuart!\" Charlie yelled as Stuart exited the room. -*-*- Stuart stalked down thenwet streets of New York city, desperately digging through his pocketnfor his box of cigarettes, he had picked up the habit as they werenemptying Kate's old apartment he found a box and with a chucklenthought about how grumpy she must be without them, the work of movingnher things and the mixed emotions he felt about the whole situationndrove him to start smoking. Stuart lit the slimnpaper cigarette as he continued walking taking a puff and let it outnthe smoke flowing from his nose and mouth giving him some comfort asnhis shoulders relaxed slightly, with a sigh, leaning up against thencold guard rails formed around the oceans bank he admired the purplenand orange sunset gleaming behind the Brooklyn bridge, he tooknanother breath from his cigarette another way he had let Charlesndown, he had told him he quit months ago, Stuart brushing his fingersnthrough his short curly brown hair, wondered what his life had comentoo, yes, he had traveled through time, but what was there afternthat? He had written a book about his travels and people laughed innhis face, not one company would publish it, putting the cigarette innthe corner of his mouth he pulled his knee length Swede coat closednand buttoned it in the cold winter air. With a shutter, henturned dropping the cigarette on the ground, and stomping it out withnhis brown boot, he began on his way home, when an odd sound met hisnears, he stopped and listened closely, with a risen pointed brow, itnwas a faint sound only barely heard over the howling winds, but henheard it all the same, it became louder and louder as the wind begannto swirl in front of him. \"This cant be good.\"nHe thought as he looked up into the sky with a furrowed brow. He was almost knockednoff his feet, he caught his balance with a stumble as he looked downninto big hazel eyes. \"What year is it?\"nshe asked, he looked around himself awkwardly wondering in whichndirection she had come from. \"Please Sir, what year is it?\" shenasked again desperately, tiny hands grasping the collar of his coat. \"2001\" he answered,nhis deep voice rung through her ears, she took a few steps back asnshe looked him over his broad shoulders and strong posture seemed tonhave just dawned on her, he gave a look that said 'get your handsnoff me.' That caused her to release his coat immediately, shenwasn't used to men like this, big, strong and gruff. \"2001?\" she askednagain hugging herself in the cold, she was not dressed for this kindnof weather, she wore skinny ripped jeans and a black t shirt, withnwhat he assumed was some sort of band logo, she shivered as shenlooked around her, Stuart rolled his eyes removing his coat andnplacing it over her shoulders. \"Th-thank you.\" Shenstuttered in the cold, her auburn waves flowing on the breeze. \"Something I cantnstand is women freezing in the cold, even if it is the result ofnthey're own stupidity.\" He answered. harshly digging in thenpocket of the coat she was now wearing, his swift action causing hernto flinch a little. \"Relax.\" He cooed,nwhich in this type of situation didn't cause her to relax at all,nuntil he pulled his box of cigarettes out followed with a light,nlighting another, he needed it now that he was nearly frozen in thenstrong winter winds, he blew smoke from his nostrils. She looked at himncuriously, his smoking, his body type height and 5 o'clock shadow. \"You live aroundnhere?\" he asked then blew smoke in her widened hazel eyes. \"No, I don't knownwhere I am.\" She answered looking around, slightly coughing fromnthe smoke. \"How convenient.\"nHe answered short tempered, after so many months of being calledncrazy and Charlie his only friend hating him he didn't have muchnpatience left for anything. \"Can you keep ansecret?\" she asked, pulling the offered coat tightly around hernsmall frame. \"Sure…\" henshrugged. \"I'm from 2021.\"nShe whispered, steam coming from her red-orange lips, followed with ansmile of accomplishment. \"Really..\" hisnvoice trailed off. She blinked long lashes fluttering. \"You don't believenme?\" her smile faded as she looked down disappointed. Stuart for oncenunderstood how people felt when he would tell them he had traveled ton1876, he sighed and took another puff of his cigarette. \"No one believed me,nwhy should I believe you.\" He answered bitterly his voice rough,nsomething she began to find attractive in him, although at first itnfrightened her. \"No one believed younabout what?\" she asked. \"I found a crack inntime, I traveled back to 1876,\" he informed with a frustratednsnicker shaking his head \"see that bridge.\" He said andnpointing, roughly grabbing her bicep through the coat and turning hernto look, turning serious. \"I was there the day they pronounced thisnbridge.\" He replied, then turned her to face him. \"Oh my God.\" Shenanswered looking into his eyes. \"Crazy isn't it,nare you afraid of me now?\" he asked wild-eyed. \"No.\" she answerednand grabbed his cheek with her warm slim fingers, Stuart rose a brownsurprised. \"Your, Besser right?nMr. Besser how did I miss it?\" she asked taking her other handnfeeling the other side of his face. \"How do you know me?\"nhe asked. \"Your famous! Where Income from, people have been using your time travel studies in classnfor years, as a liable theory.\" She answered amazed, as a huge grinnspread across her face. \"No one calls me Mr.nBesser, its Stuart.\" He corrected prying her warm hands from hisnface, with his frozen fingers. \"May I kiss you,nStuart?\" she asked desperately. \"Absolutely not—\"nhe was cut off by soft auburn lips his eyes widened at hernpersistence, as she moaned into his lips, Stuart pushed her offnviolently wiping his mouth with his long sleeve shirt. \"What the hell!\" hencursed, \"Your insane, your crazy!\" he declared loudly walkingnaway from her, \"Your like 12.\" He continued stomping off,ncrossing his arms over his chilled torso with a shiver. \"I'm 27.\" Shencorrected, hands on hips, he turned around and looked at her. \"how on earth.\" \"Anti-aging cream.\"nShe answered and shrugged. \"I don't look twelve anyway.\" \"Its an exaggeration,ndo people always talk straight and proper all the time?\" \"Yes actually, wherenI come from its so structured and planned it drives me insanensometimes.\" She animatedly answered rubbing her temples frustrated. \"Good night, Goodnluck.\" He answered and turned stalking toward home shaking his headnin disbelief, soon hearing the sound of light foot steps followingnhim, he turned impatiently. \"Don't follow me,nyou have a coat what else do you want?\" he asked \"I'm afraid, yournthe closest thing to a friend I have.\" She answered and tugged onnthe coat closer, Stuart sighed and looked to the sky in defeat, whichnhad now turned to pitch black. \"Fine you can comenhome with me, until next Monday when the portal opens again.\" Henanswered and started on his way home. \"Thank you.\" Shenanswered with a sigh of relief as she followed him. *-*-* Stuart opened the doornto his apartment with a sniffle; the cold had taken a toll on him onntheir way home it had begun to snow, he held the door for the girl tonenter behind him, she entered the cluttered apartment and snarled atnits smell. \"If you don't likenit, stay somewhere else.\" he grumbled, she shook her head andnsmiled. \"Its umm…verynnice.\" She answered and looked around. \"Well, its not muchnbut all I can afford at the moment,\" he answered with a shiver, henscuffled across the room rubbing his cold hands together toward thenfire place and began throwing wood into the pit, she stood back andnwatched him from behind quietly, he leant down and started a firenwith a match the dry wood catching fire quickly, he rubbed his handsntogether then huffed his hot breath on them attempting to get warm. \"Wh-what is that?\"nshe asked as she observed the flickering orange lights in wonderment,nhe turned and looked at her with a risen brow and chuckled innamusement. \"Its fire.\" Henanswered plainly, she looked at him as if she had never heard of suchna thing. \"Don't tell me you don't use fire in 20 years.\" Henadded with an annoyed huff. \"No reason in throwing out somethingnthat works.\" He said her silence beginning to annoy him, shenstepped a few more steps in his direction feeling the flames heat onnher cheeks, she lifted her fingers to feel the warmth with annoutstretched hand sampling the feel. Stuart looked at her asnher mouth curved into a smile. Placing her other hand beside hernoutstretched vanilla fingers, her eyes shifted from him to the flamesnin curiosity; she liked how his pale skin was a sharp contrast to hisndark short locks, she liked how his posture was strong and straightnand the fact he wasn't weak, even the freezing weather had barelynfazed him, he cleared his throat at her staring, his brow risennsexily and a half smile curving his lips, she swiftly turned her eyesnfrom him to the fire. About that time thenapartment door creaked open, and Charlie stepped in and looked aroundnthe corner, the sound of the door, caused the girl to jump in frightnand cling onto Stuarts arm tightly as she turned to the sound. Charles gave a curiousnlook at the couple, Stuart shrugged her hands off his arm annoyed,nshe released him and stepped to the side, Stuart cleared his throat. \"How's Patrice?\"nhe asked. \"You look like yournfreezing.\" Charles observed, ignoring his question. \"I am, you twit.\"nHe answered, then crossed passed him to the bathroom leaving the doornopen, as he removed his wet cotton long-sleeve, the girls eyesnwidened at the sight of his muscles rippling, his back firm andntaught to perfection, pale smooth flesh and tight abs, she watched asnhe tossed his shirt into the laundry pile, and turned into the bathnto get the water running for a hot shower, he turned back and noticednher gawking. \"What are you staringnat? Never seen a man without his shirt?\" he asked harshly she cutnher eyes away in a different direction. \"Men where I comenfrom, don't look like, well like that .' She answered innhushed tones, Stuart huffed and closed the door. The girl quietly took anseat in the living room where Charlie had gone unnoticed. \"What's your name?\"nCharlie asked, as she rubbed her palms together nervously. \"I'm Zippora.\"nShe answered, Charlie smiled. \"Charlie.\" Henintroduced himself. \"You know you don't have to sleep with him,nits not like he's going to force you.\" He replied since hennoticed her nervously rubbing her hands together. \"No your mistaken,nthat wasn't in my plans at all.\" She answered \"If it were Inwould have at least bought him dinner first.\" She repliednseriously. Charlie burst out innlaughter. \"What's funny?\"nshe asked, then looked up to Stuart as he entered the room after hisnshower, his skin pink from the hot water, dressed in loose pants andnno shirt as he dried his hair with a towel. \"What's funnynCharles?\" he asked \"She said she wouldnhave bought you dinner before sleeping with you if that was hernplans.\" He answered laughing, Stuart Laughed along with him, fornthe first time in a long time the house was filled with the sound ofnlaughter. \"I fail to see whatnis so amusing.\" She declared and stood abruptly slightly offendednby they're behavior, crossing her arms over her chest. \"That is the bestnjoke I have heard in a very long time.\" He answered and laughednmore, \"Come along to bed.\" he said laughing as he retrievednblankets for her, as she stood waiting in the living room, shruggingnthe large coat off her slender shoulders and laying it across anchair, Charlie stood from the couch. \"I best be going tonbe too, its late.\" He said with a pretend yawn and headed towardnhis bedroom giving Stuart a wink as he closed the door, Stuart rose anbrow looking back as he entered the living room, Stuart laid somenblankets on the couch with a pillow. \"You can sleep here,nI'm tired we'll talk more in the morning.\" He said turning outnthe lamp and retired to his room slamming the door. She looked at the bednhe had made for her and sighed, laying down and covering herself innthe covers. She was fine for the first few minutes until hernimagination began to run away with her, sounds began to scare her,nthe howling of the wind, the insecurity she felt in the apartment asnthe windows creaked she shivered and brought the blankets up to hernchin, as she opened her eyes wider trying to see, which in this casendidn't help. -*-*- Stuart was almostnasleep when he heard knocking on his door. \"Go away.\" Henreplied impatiently. \"Please, Stuart, I'mnscared.\" She insisted with a blanket wrapped around he shouldersnshe glanced in the room behind her, Stuart rolled his eyes and sat upnin bed opening the door, she jumped slightly as he did. \"Fine you can sleepnin here.\" He replied allowing her to come into his room she stoodnnext to his bed as he closed the door behind him. \"On the floor.\" Henadded as he sat on his bed getting back under the covers, once hensettled and his back towards the girl he nuzzled his face into thenplump pillow and breathed out, after a few minutes he felt the bedndip down behind him under the small wait of her body, he breathednlightly as he listened closely to her shuffle towards him, soon smallnsoft hands wrapped themselves around his chest and a soft cheeknrubbed against his, her soft warm body resting comfortably againstnhis body long ways. \"I'm sorry Indisobeyed you.\" She whispered gently into his ear. \"I'm just sonscared and cold.\" She added rubbing her cheek against his again,nsniffing in his soapy scent, his hair still slightly damp against hernforehead, he breathed out softly, reluctantly putting his hand on onenof hers softly. \"I understand.\" Henwhispered shifting lightly into her a soft hum leaving her lips asnher arms wrapped tighter around him, he couldn't fight the softnsmile that curved his lips, his bed has been so empty and lonelynlately her presence was more than welcome although he was stillnafraid to get into any kind of relationship, every one he cares aboutnalways get let down, he thought squeezing his eyes shut and squeezingnher hand tighter in his, \"What's your name?\"nhe asked softly, \"Zippora.\" Shenanswered sleepily, Stuart smiled, soon a soft snore began to escapenher nose into his ear, a pleasant sound one he wouldn't mindnsleeping next too. ","Summary":" \"This whole thing wasnyour idea Stuart, now Kate is gone and Leo…\" Charlie didn't takenwell to th"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Broken Past","Author":"xsilver-galaxyx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8533165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey Stu?\" Charlie called from the sofa, precariously balancing Kate's laptop on his knees. \"Yeah?\" \"What was Leo's surname?\" \"Uh...Mountbatten.\" Stuart replied distractedly, engrossed in the formulas scattered across the desk. \"Leopold Alexis Elijah Walker Thomas Gareth Mountbatten?\" Worry was starting to creep into his voice. \"Yeah, that's him.\" Stuart replied, shuffling through the papers on the desk. \"I think you need to come and have a look at this.\" Charlie said placing the laptop on the coffee table. \"What is it?\" Stuart said irritably. \"Stuart, please. You really need to have a look at this.\" Charlie pleaded. \"Alright,\" he grumbled, retrieving his crutch to hobble over to the sofa. \"What?\" \"Read this.\" Charlie demanded, pointing at the screen. \"Leopold Alexis Elijah Walker Thomas Gareth Mountbatten, Duke of Albany, married Miss Katherine Tree, of the Trees of Schenectady, on November 16th 1876. Oh my god.\" Stuart groaned, rubbing at his face. \"Exactly. What happened to Kate? Stuart, we sent her back so she could be with Leo. What happened?\" Charlie started to panic. \"Wait, let me think, let me think. Kate...Katherine, maybe this is her. Is there a picture? Maybe she had to change her name?\" Stuart said, desperately trying to find an explanation. \"Change her name? What's wrong with McKay?\" he exclaimed. \"I don't know, maybe...something. It doesn't matter why. Is there a picture?\" Stuart demanded. Charlie scrolled down the rest of the internet page, but it was filled with text. Pulling the computer back onto his lap he started searching for 'Katherine Mountbatten, Duchess of Albany'. The seconds dragged on as the search results slowly came up. Less than half the image had appeared before Charlie and Stuart realised that it wasn't Kate. \"It isn't her.\" Stuart murmured. \"I was so sure they both had to go back, to be together. But nothing's changed, so maybe she was meant to go back but she wasn't meant to marry Leopold. But then if things had changed it was all in the past and we would never know.\" \"No wait, there must have been lots of Duchesses of Albany, maybe there was another one called Katherine,\" Charlie tried to argue, ignoring Stuart's mumblings and scrolling further down the page, \"We need a picture with Leo in it.\" \"Like that one?\" Stuart said, pointing to the screen at a picture of Leopold. Sitting beside him was a plain young woman holding an infant. It was clearly the same woman from the first picture. \"I don't understand. What happened?\" Charlie asked. \"Anything could have happened. Maybe she didn't get there in time, maybe she ended up in a different time. Maybe it just didn't work out.\" Stuart guessed. \"Didn't work out?\" Charlie repeated, \"My sister travelled through time to be with this guy, of course it wasn't going to not work out. Maybe your equations were wrong, maybe you sent her to the wrong time,\" he accused Stuart. \"No, no, no.\" Stuart said emphatically, \"All the formulas were correct, I've been over them a hundred times. Something else must have happened.\" \"Like what?\" Charlie shouted, startling Bart in the next room. \"I don't know.\" \"Well then how do we find her? Should I just search for Kate McKay?\" Charlie asked, typing his sister's name in the computer. \"All these results are for her life in the 21st century, and dozens of other Kate McKays.\" \"Charlie you won't find her,\" Stuart said practically, \"The only reason there's info on Leopold is because he was a Duke. We might never find anything on Kate, unless she got married and we could find it in city records or we could find her death certificate. I mean we can try, but I wouldn't hold out much hope. She may not have even stayed in New York, she could have gone to California looking for work, anything could have happened.\" \"So that's it? She's just gone.\" Charlie said disbelieving. \"Yeah, she's gone.\" ","Summary":" \"Hey Stu?\" Charlie called from the sofa, precariously balancing Kate's laptop on his knees. \"Yea"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Poem for Kate","Author":"jumira-wings","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5723015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Kate & Leopold poem I am glad you took the chance To allow me one more dance. I am glad you took that leap For it is my heart you keep. That one astounding bound of faith As you traveled to April 28th To come and be the love of my life I am honored to have you For my future wife. ","Summary":" A Kate & Leopold poem I am glad you took the chance To allow me one more dance. I am glad you took "},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"A traves del amor y el tiempo","Author":"Edils","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2260113","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola! Primeronque nada tengo que decir que ninguno de estos personajes menpertenecen. Despuesnque me gusta mucho escribir,se que no soy buena escribiendo ,pero mengusta y espero a ustedes tambien les guste ,pero no los quieronaburrirlos asi que voy a comenzar. Elnamor es algo que se busca ,pero no sabe si se encuentra . Elnamor es algo que se encuentra ,si no se busca. Edils. Capitulo 1 NuevonAmor , Nuevas costumbres. Lannoche anterior habia sido un relampago,rapido y cegador ,pero habiansido cierto?. Lonunico que recordaba era haber saltado del puente Brooklin a mitad denla noche para viajar a traves del tiempo,sabia que lo habianlogrado,habia corrido y el hombre de su vida le habia pedido la manonen frente de una multitud elegante y habia visto algunas carasncelosas,pero sabia que esa noche habia sido especial, muy especial. Sentianlos parpados pesados y no podia abrir los ojos,habia ido a la camanmuy tarde y despues de todo no habia podido dormir,pero ahora querianabrir los ojos para comprobar que todo habia pasado en realidad,connmucho trabajo y despues de un largo rato,los abrio y efectivamente,nestaba tendida en una cama elegante caracteristica de esos tiempos ,ynun candelabro que colgaba justo enfrente de la cama ,unas ventanasngigantes que no dejaban entrar la luz por unas cortinas rojas ,todonera de ensuenyo. Peronlo unico que no veia era a Leopold ,tal vez ya era muy tarde y todosnestaban en el comedor desayunando.Trato de apurarse y ponerse la batanpara desayunar,abrio la puerta y se dirijio escaleras abajo,encontronel comedor sin problemas ,aun sumida en sus pensamientos de lo quenestaba viviendo,una chica del 2005 en 1876,es que era simplementenincreible!.Al dar la vuelta para entrar a el comedor ,se encontro connmuchas personas sentadas a la mesa ,ya desayunando ,y al entrar ellantodos le clavaron la mirada ,todos estaban elegantemente vestidos ynella se encontraba en bata,Otis se acerco a ella y le dijo que eranmejor si subia a su cuarto,el la llevo de regreso a su cuarto y alnestar al la puerta de su cuarto le dijo-Senyorita,pensamos que yanestaba arreglada para tomar el desayuno,pero si aun tiene cosas quenhacer ,podemos esperar aun-.Kate comprendio el mensaje ,sabia que yanno vivia sola y en Nueva York del siglo 21-Comprendo Otis ,perontengo un problema y es que no tengo ropa limpia ,y es que anoche menvine solo con lo que traia puesto,me podrias ayudar a encontrar algonadecuado- -Connmucho gusto,de hecho Leopold salio esta manyana diciendo que tenianque comprar algunas cosas para usted ,podemos esperarlo - -Muchasngracias Otis- Dionmedia vuelta y se fue. Veintenminutos despues llego Leopold ,habia traido consigo un vestido ,quenno era precisamente elegante ,pero perfecto para todos los dias ,senpodia decir que era mas \"comodo\",aunque realmente hubieranpreferido unos vaqueros con una camiseta en la que estara \"InLove NY\" dibujada.Al llegar Leopold que instintivamente lendirijio una sonrisa enamorada ,Kate se dirijio hacia el abriendo losnbrazos en senyal de apoyo ,el la abrazo un buen rato y le dio un besony despues le susurro al oido-Te amo-. Despuesnde ponerse el vestido y los mismos zapatos de la noche anterior ,bajonal comedor ,pero esta vez no encontro a a nadie en la mesa solamentena Leopold y a su tio,que la miraba con ojos de desprecio. -Esperonque el espectaculo que nos diste hoy en la manyana te haya parecidondivertido-dijo el tio. -Tiondejala no sabe nuestras costumbres- -Nuestrasncostumbres,hablas como si viniera de otro planeta ,aqui como en todonel mundo saben que para el desayuno todos estan ya vestidos- -Lonsiento ,pense que el desayuno lo ibamos a tomar solamente Leopold ynyo- -Puesnpensaste mal,y es mejor que para la proxima no nos hagas pasar talesnverguenzas ,entendido- -Porsupuesto- Leopoldnmiro a Kate y despues de ver la cara de tristeza que tenia le dijo ansu tio. -Nonquiero que la trates asi ,es mi prometida ,entendido,y a ella se lenhace dificil adaptarse a nuestars costumbres- -Quensi ,pero que para la proxima ya sabe como es ,anda sientate a tomarnel desayuno- -Gracias- Katenhabia sobrevivido a las consecuencias de el ridiculo que habia hechony lo mejor de todo es que todos se habian ido a caminar ,segun lenhabia dicho Leopold,era muy raro ,todos tenian tiempo de sobra, extarnyabansu trabajo y el ruido de los coches por la manyana,aunque no habiannisiquiera pasado un dia,si asi habia comenzado todo ,como iba anterminar? ","Summary":" Hola! Primeronque nada tengo que decir que ninguno de estos personajes menpertenecen. Despuesnque m"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Kate And Leopold 2","Author":"Nikki17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1194571","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [SCENE1-at a royal ball, kates dancing with leopold' Leopold: I'm so glad u came back with me a year ago kate looks up at leopold and knods Leopold: Tired are we? Kate: yeah, maybe I should.. Leopold: Go to bed? no, you mus'nt, remember you'r monologue later. Kate: Yes, but can't I, you know, another... Leopold: No Kate, tonight! Kate: Maybe I should Leopold: you'r doing it- Kate: Get some rest! kate walks away as leopold turns to see her run madly up the stairs andnhears her scream. Leopold: Kate! leopold bolts up the stairs. [SCENE 2- Kate crying on her bed, leopold trying to calm her] Leopold: Well what on earth is the matter? Kate: I can't take it anymore! Leopold: Take what? Kate: This! Here! Now!! Im BORED Leopold! I want to go BACK!! Leopold: Back where? Kate: HOME! the year 2002! Leopold: Kate-, Kate: Leopold! HOW DO I GET BACK. Leopold: We have 10 minutes, are you sure? Kate: I'd do anything! Leopold: Lets go then. they run out the door and down the stairs [SCENE 3-running through town very fast.] Leopold: Kate, are you sure? we may not be able to come back! Kate: Its not bothering me Leopold. Leopold: Making sure. Kate: I am sure Leopold. Leopold: Okay....... they stop and look at a ig tower. Leopold: We need to jump off there lets go Kate: uhhhhh right. [SCENE 4-Kate and Leopold climbing up the tower] Leopold: Kate, Kate: No Leopold: Kate! Kate: No! Leopold: KATE! Kate: WHAT!? Leopold: Why? they stop Kate: No offense Leopold but your world is BOOOORING! they jump onto a rail. Leopold: Jumo into that smog. Kate: Ewww Leopold looks at kate Kate: You first Leopold gives her a discusting look and jumps.nKate snorts and then jumps. ","Summary":" [SCENE1-at a royal ball, kates dancing with leopold' Leopold: I'm so glad u came back with me a yea"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Leo & Katherine: A Timeless Love","Author":"lovedoves","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1543224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Leo looked down at the newborn infant in his arms and marveled at the ideanthat the beautiful tiny being was actually his. His starry eyes and smallngrin grew wide into a 100 megawatt smile as Leo glanced over to thenbreathtaking woman who had given him the most precious gift of all. \"Darling, he is so perfect,\" he whispered, bending down to his lovely wife.nHe hugged her tightly and crushed his mouth to hers, bursting withnhappiness. Suddenly, a loud noise interrupted the dreamy scene and Leo heard his namenbeing called from far away. \"Leo! Leo! Wake up, son! It's time to head to the meeting!\" He slowly opened his eyes, disappointment coursed through his body as henlooked at the face of his formidable uncle Mike. He rubbed his hand overnhis face as he tried to get up, and bring himself back to reality. Leo Pold is every woman's fantasy and every man's envy, at least in thengrand city of New York. With his chestnut hair and piercing brown eyes, Leonis the epitome of tall, dark and handsome. He has taken over the modelingnworld at the age of 20, appearing in numerous magazines as the hottest newnCalvin Klein model. Now at 30, he is the chief executive of PoldnInternational Modeling Agency, a company he had built with the help of hisnscientist friend Steve Bart. He has appointed his uncle Mike as chief advisor because of his admirablenqualities: loyalty, honesty, and reliability. To their rivals, Uncle Mikenwas an intimidating opponent, but to Leo and the company, he was a fathernfigure with a heart of gold. Granted, he would crush you like an enemy ifnyou ever try to destroy his family and the business, but otherwise, he isneasy to get along with. Despite his success in the business, and the endless women throwingnthemselves at his feet, Leo was lonely. Only a few of his colleagues andnworkers would ever imagine that the notorious playboy longs to have anfamily to call his own. So far, there was no woman that he ever feltncomfortable with to pursue a loving relationship after the second or thirdndate. Admittedly, he was always searching for the beautiful woman with sun-nkissed hair and aqua blue eyes that appeared in his dreams countless times. So far, he has not been able to find her. Until, he hired a new secretary. ","Summary":" Leo looked down at the newborn infant in his arms and marveled at the ideanthat the beautiful tiny "},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Charlie's Dream","Author":"fool-of-a-took2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1253599","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTE: I NEED SOME ADVICE. FOR THE SECOND CHAPTER SHOULD I WRITE ABOUT KATE AND LEOPOLD OR GO ON WITH CHARLIE? PLEASE REVIEW! Charlie's Dream Chapter 1 Charlie sat in his apartment. Alone - utterly alone. He missed Kate. He thought about going up to visit Stuart, but then thought twice. Ever since the whole insane assylum thing, he began to really seem insane. His newest project was a machine to communicate with people in the past. Charlie admitted that he really hoped it would work, and he was really trying to support Stuart, but he had just been getting so into it. Charlie sighed. I wonder what Kate is doing right now. Then he realized something and laughed at himself, she couldn't be doing anything right at that moment - she was dead! Then, an awful thought came to his mind: Kate is dead! At this discovery he became even more depressed. He slowly crawled into his bed and laid down. He must have laid there for a whole day, but it seemed like an eternity to him. Finally, Stuart came down to check on him. Crawling through the window, he said, \"Charlie! Where are ya? I haven't seen you all day and you haven't made a noise!\" He looked around for a while, then heard a small groan coming from the bedroom. He knocked on the door, \"Charlie? Is that you?\" He opened the door, only to see Charlie lying in bed, all curled up and whimpering. \"She's dead, Stuart. Kate's dead.\" He said, with the tone of voice that displays extreme sadness. Stuart walked further into the room, \"But she was happy, Charlie,\" he said, trying to comfort him, \"She got to spend her life with Leopold! Her love!\" Charlie turned around quickly, \"Her love?! Well, tell me this, Mister! If Leo had to go through time travel in order for her to find her love, what might it take for me to find mine?\" He turned around and sobbed some more. \"I'm sorry, Stuart. I guess I'm mostly upset because of Patrice.\" \"Oh, I know how you feel, Charlie,\" Stuart sympathized. \"Kate is a wonderful woman, and I lost her. But I wasn't the one for her, and she wasn't the one for me. Just like Patrice isn't the one for you, and you aren't the one for Patrice.\" He sighed, \"That's just how it is. Now I suggest you get over it, and go find a job. You need to have some money until your acting career starts up.\" Stuart knew he shouldn't have said this, but Charlie was too sad to say anything against it. \"I guess you're right,\" Charlie replied, sitting up. \"Would you hand me that newspaper?\" he said, pointing to the paper on the table. Stuart handed it to him, plugging his nose, \"Maybe you had better take a shower first! Whooee! When's the last time you bathed?\" Stuart laughed and stood up. Charlie laughed too, though he was surprised by it. He hadn't laughed in so long. \"Good idea,\" he agreed. Stuart nodded and began to turn away, but Charlie asked, \"Hey, uh, Stuart?\" He turned back around. \"Would you have supper with me? I'm kind of lonely down here.\" Stuart smiled, \"Of course, Charlie!\" He laughed, \"Look at us! Two pathetic single men. And good looking ones, I might add!\" Charlie laughed, \"Great! So I'll see you around 6:00?\" Stuart agreed and left. ~~~~~~~~~~ After his shower, Charlie got dinner ready. Hmm...nothing too fancy. How about some steak?! He laughed softly and got everything out on the grill. While he was grilling the steak, Stuart smelled it and popped his head out the window. \"Gormet dinner, eh?\" he laughed and smelled it deeeply, \"Smells great, Charles! Can't wait to eat it!\" Charlie laughed again, \"Get your head back in that window! You'll have to wait until 6:00!\" Charlie finally realized that he was really happy, and he didn't need Patrice. He had always thought he was dependant on her, but now he found out he could be perfectly fine without her. He smiled and quickly got the food ready. At 5:55, Stuart was waiting outside the window, his mouth watering from looking at the steak. \"Come on! Let me in!\" He yelled as he knocked on the door. Charlie sat down in his reclining chair and sat back while laughing at him. Then, after what seemed like ages, at 6:00 sharp, Charlie let Stuart come in. No, he didn't just come in, he tumbled in. Stuart and Charlie had a wonderful time together, talking about everything. And Charlie was beginning to be convinced that Stuart wasn't crazy, just misunderstood. Finally, they finished eating, and Stuart apologized because he had to leave. He explained that he had to get to bed early because he was going to meet Gretchen from the insane assylum. She had called earlier and asked to see him. Charlie cleaned up the dinner after Stuart left and then climbed into bed. He sighed happily. He was going to make it! Tomorrow, I'll find a job. Kate would be so proud of me! He fell asleep with wonderful thoughts in his head of Kate and Leopold. ","Summary":" NOTE: I NEED SOME ADVICE. FOR THE SECOND CHAPTER SHOULD I WRITE ABOUT KATE AND LEOPOLD OR GO ON WIT"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Decision","Author":"Chandle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2203061","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Decision Kate McKay Why jump off the bridge If you are afraid of thenfuture you're facing If you had chosen anothernpath One centruy ago For you are none of those I believe in you To choose the right path Thought I had to ask What did you value more Your job and yournpromoting Or your beloved love I guess in a way You made the right choice What was your last thought Before you made thenhardest decision Of your life When did you know he wasnthe one After seeing the picture Of You Kate & Leopold Did you have that muchnfaith in Leopold What if he didn't pick younbut Miss Tree Where would you go What would become of you ","Summary":" Decision Kate McKay Why jump off the bridge If you are afraid of thenfuture you're facing If you ha"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Otis","Author":"Cheers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1688447","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story is based on characters created by Steven Rogersrnand James Mangold for the motion picture Kate & Leopold. Otis by Cheers Glancing at him for only a moment, Otis sensed rather thanrnsaw the change occur. Something was very well, differentrnwith his Duke. The young man had, in the time needed to take thernbarest of breaths, altered - somehow. It was not how he looked nor how he stood nor what he wore.rnNothing quite so easily defined as that. Otis was quite sure nornone else other than himself would have noticed. Of course, itrnwas Otis' job to notice such things. The Duke of Albany had beenrnhis charge for nearly three decades now. Always a challenge, service to the young Duke had been filledrnwith a special brand of reward and heartbreak. The youngest inrnthe Mountbatten line of succession to the Dukedom had been thernmost unwilling member of the aristocracy in modern memory. Certainly,rnthe history of the Crown had been filled with unwilling successorsrnboth in and out of Buckingham Palace. Though far removed fromrnany chance of real acquisition of power in England, the Duke ofrnAlbany stood in the official line of succession and thereforernheld an important place at Court and in stature among his fellowrnEnglishmen. The Duke's public duties were taken seriously by everyonernbut himself and his responsibilities to the Crown were lookedrnon as a pointless exercise in servility rather than a true servicernto England. The Duke often said that he felt decidedly like anythingrnbut a member of the Royal family. Indeed, he was often treated like the least deserving member.rnHis family did not understand the Duke's interest in science andrninvention. His mind required as much athletic rigor as his bodyrndid. This Duke had a restless brain, needing, indeed, demandingrnconstant stimulation and challenge to prevent stagnation and despondency.rnSince adolescence the Duke had been prone to periods of severernand protracted melancholia. Extensive physical activity had beenrnprescribed by physicians who refused to see that an idleness ofrnmind was the cause of this young man's despair. His lonelinessrnhad been profound. His parents had died when the Duke was stillrnvery young and before any siblings had been produced. Left alone,rnthe young heir had sought refuge in the massive libraries of whichrnhis father, the late Duke of Albany, had been so fond. Otis hadrnspent many a late night searching the manor for the young Duke'srnlatest hiding place where his Grace would invariably be foundrncurled into some small crevice or nook with coat, candle, andrnbook. Chided to take his duties more seriously, the young Duke wasrnchastised for fancying the ideas of men such as Mercer, Grove,rnMerrick, Goodyear, Dart, and Braille. Men who crafted ideas designedrnto make life better for the common man. Night after night thernDuke would babble on and on about some new fascinating wonderrnhe had read about - \"You really must read about this newrngrain lifting device, Otis,\" the young man would enthuse,rn\"it's really quite a marvel and so important. Do you knowrnhow much of an increased yield in grain can be gained by its'rnemploy?\" or \"This fellow Morse has developed the mostrningenious system for adequate communication known to man. By memorizingrna simple system of dots and dashes, one can send and receive messagesrnof any length and complexity with absolute accuracy!\" orrn\" and vulcanization of the rubber means that the fabricrncan better tolerate the extremes of heat and cold .\"rnOtis understood little of the information but he intuited thernimportance of the process of discovery to his charge. The young Duke learned early, and cruelly, that Otis was thernonly adult in his life who would tolerate such tirades of enthusiasmrnfor anything other than for his official responsibilities. Whenrnmelancholia took hold it rarely let go without a fight. And fightrnit the young Duke did. Taking the orders of the Court physiciansrnto heart, he became proficient with any manner of weapon, excelledrnat horsemanship, proved an admirable pugilist, and developed intornwhat the ladies of society viewed with open approval, borderingrnon esurience, a very handsome and eligible member of England'srnelite - yet another thing that brought the young man no joy andrnendless revulsion. The cloyingness of the female in search ofrna suitably distinguished mate was a well known, if distasteful,rnaspect of English society and something with which the currentrnDuke of Albany had no patience. Love was something of a myth for this Duke. He feared it asrnmuch as he revered the idea of it. His parents had loved eachrnother. As a small child the Duke had witnessed, for all too shortrna time, the fruit of true affection. What remained after his parents'rndeaths was the feeling of incumbency his family extended in thernvoid left by their absence. Passed from one cousin to another,rnthen from one uncle to another in the vain attempt to providernthe appropriate sense of responsibility and royal bearing requiredrnof a duke, the youngest Mountbatten learned that his upbringingrnwas a matter of duty to the Crown not a matter of love for thernchild. Love, then, had been relegated to the realm of fairie-tale.rnThe mere idea of courtship was odious to a young man who had grownrnweary of chastisements masquerading as false professions of affection.rn\"Love,\" the Duke had once confessed to Otis, \"isrna lie.\" So then, Otis had become the only constant in the Duke's life,rnserving his Grace as he had served the former Duke of Albany.rnFor Otis, this duty that was a labor of devotion to the fatherrnwas transformed into a service that was no less a labor of lovernand admiration for the son. Despite the ups and downs of this young Duke, his Grace wasrna man of principle and honor. The Duke was honest to a fault.rnHis mind was filled to overflowing with ideas of improving life,rnfulfilling his obligations as a Duke, and even, as much as hernloathed the thought, taking a wife and perpetuating his familyrnline. The fact that his uncle wished him to take a wife of meansrnto help perpetuate his family's wealth was not lost on the youngrnidealist. The problem lay in the odd realization that, as much as thernDuke professed that he did not believe in the reality of truernlove, he longed for it. His delay in taking a wife had been broughtrnabout by his unspoken, perhaps even unconscious, desire to findrna woman he could truly love as his father had loved his mother.rnThe Duke hoped for with his heart what his mind would not allowrnhimself to even consider. His heart demanded that he give anyrnwoman he took as wife nothing but the truest of all emotion. Nornwoman deserved less. He was, in every respect, a true Englishrnnoble. But delay and feeble hope were not acceptable to the Duke'srnfamily. The line of Mountbatten must be preserved. The Duke mustrnmarry and marry well. If the young man would not do so of hisrnown free will, he would be forced to do so by the will of thernCrown. The aristocracy must be maintained and the constancy ofrnthe line of succession safeguarded. The Duke must marry and producernan heir. The Duke must marry well and secure adequate wealth forrnposterity. The Duke had his duty. There was no room left for therndream of true love. Such romantic notions were for schoolboys,rnnot grown men. The trip to see Master Roebling and his bridge was an attemptrnto put the promise of endless unpleasantness as far back in thernDuke's thoughts as was possible. Soon enough he would accept therndemands of his family and choose a wife from among the wealthiestrnin New York society. He would begin a life of duty to her andrntake his promise to provide for her happiness as seriously asrnany man ever had. The nature of his character would not allowrnfor anything less. If he could not have true love he would offerrntrue devotion. Such a thing filled the young noble with dread.rnOtis understood that. Still, duty was duty and his Duke wouldrnnot shy away from it. As the powder exploded in the flash pan of the camera set uprnby the newspaper reporter determined to snap a photograph of thernDuke of Albany for the next edition, Otis saw his charge flinchrnmomentarily from the unexpected burst. The involuntary stiffeningrnof the Duke's body seemed to be prolonged. The Duke seemed almostrntrapped by the flash and for several moments did not move at all. When Otis at last realized that the Duke had not acknowledgedrneven a single of the reporter's questions, he became concerned. \"Are you quite well, your Grace?\" The Duke did not immediately reply. He shook his head as ifrnto clear away some fog. Turning to look about him, the Duke lookedrnpast Otis, rather than at him. \"Your Grace?\" The Duke's mouth moved slowly. \"Otis?\" The name wasrnuttered softly, almost tentatively. \"Yes, your Grace.\" \"Otis?\" the Duke repeated, this time more forcefully. \"Yes, your Grace!\" What happened next is something that Otis did not think anyonernelse would believe or understand. When next the Duke of Albanyrnlooked into his face, Otis was certain he saw something therernthat he had never seen before. Wonder, fear, joy, and loss allrnat once vied for possession of the young man's features. The transformationrnwas frightening to watch. At last an awed recognition seemed tornwin out and a small if tentative smile creased the Duke's face.rn\"It is you\" he said at last, a conviction filling hisrnvoice. \"Yes, your Grace.\" Otis was certain there was a tear in the young man's eyes.rnIt seemed that his Duke had returned from some far away journeyrnand found himself standing on the green of the park by the riverrnunexpectedly. Otis could not help but be concerned that the youngrnman was falling ill. \"Are you well, sir?\" Again, as if delayed because of traveling some vast distance,rnthe young man's reply finally found the way out of his mouth asrnhe slowly nodded. \"I believe so.\" Otis hesitated a moment, trying to judge the accuracy of thernreply. In every respect the Duke looked fit. His posture was straight,rnhis color high from the crisp midday air, his eyes a clear hazelrnand given more depth by the sun's rays than could have normallyrnbeen seen. Yet there was something very much changed in the Duke.rnSomething Otis could not identify - something fundamental. At last, the Duke seemed to come completely into the presentrnagain. Turning to the reporter who continued to pummel him withrnquestions he said, \"Pardon me,\" and began to move aroundrnthe camera. Otis followed quickly and made a point of keeping a closerrnpace than was his usual practice. He was not convinced the Dukernwas as well as he professed. The walk back to the house was madernin silence. With each stride, Otis could sense the growing anxietyrnin his Duke. The last few hours of exploration and admirationrnof invention were over and the weight of the choices the Dukernwould make began to settle. Otis could literally feel his youngrncharge take on the responsibility as he drew closer to his uncle'srnhouse. There was resolution in the Duke's steps. There was also dissolution.rnThe Duke of Albany was giving up his dreams and taking on hisrnduties. Watching the transformation was heart-wrenching. Whatrncould he do to help his charge? As they prepared for the evening, Otis offered his best advice.rn\"I suggest we make the best of it.\" With a bitterness Otis had not believed possible from the youngrnman he had grown to admire and love, he listened to the Duke againrnassert with a certainty that unnerved him, \"Love is a lie!\" Something had happened to the Duke today, out at the river'srnedge. Something or someone had ripped this young man's heart andrnsoul from his body and returned it battered and bruised, bleedingrnfrom wounds too deep to see and too lasting to heal in sufficientrntime to keep him from becoming a person he was never meant tornbe. A true testament to the young man's nobility was the absoluterndetermination he possessed as he descended the staircase and enteredrnthe ballroom. The Duke of Albany had banished any bitterness fromrnhis visage and stood before the assembled guests a picture ofrnthe promise of England. The Duke's uncle had informed the youngrnman of the wealthiest of the prospective brides among the assemblyrntonight. There was no hesitation in the Duke's manner. He wouldrnask for the hand of a woman he did not love and make her the nextrnDuchess of Albany. He would shoulder the responsibility of hisrnposition and take seriously his duty to his family and his country.rnShe would never know the bitter taste the death of his dreamsrnleft in his soul. No one other than Otis would. The commotion in the foyer was the only thing that had takenrnhis attention away from the Duke since the party had started.rnAs his uncle wished, the Duke of Albany had made his decisionrnto ask for the hand of the wealthiest socialite present. He hadrnshowered her with attention and praise. He had resigned himselfrnto his choice and had spent the evening dealing with his demons,rnmaking what peace he could with the shattered dreams of true happiness,rnnow all but dead. The young woman who stood insistent at the threshold was, onrnthe outside at least, unremarkable. She was, as most of the youngrnwomen that evening were, dressed to impress a young nobleman.rnIt wasn't until Otis glanced into her face that he decided torntake a closer look. \"Are you Otis?\" she had asked him. In her face, Otisrnsaw that self same simultaneous sense of wonder, fear, joy, andrnloss that had filled the Duke's that afternoon. Here, in the eyesrnof a complete stranger, was a similitude that defied explanation.rnThere was a connection between this young woman and his Duke.rnOtis was certain of it. How else could she have known him? Otisrnwas as sure that he had never met this lady before as he was certainrnof his own name. \"Yes, I'm Otis,\" he said. Without immediately speaking, the young woman just stared uprnat him. With a vulnerability that defied convention, she stoodrnthere letting him see not just her but see into her. As momentsrnstretched into uncomfortable silence, she was finally forced tornspeak. \"I need to see the Duke,\" she told him. Otis made his mind up immediately. \"Of course,\" hernsaid. \"This way, please.\" While everyone else stared on in a strained hush, Otis ledrnwhat he now believed to be the last hope for his Duke's happinessrntoward the ballroom. He stepped up his pace and gave the youngrnwoman a gentle shove as they neared the outer reaches of the greatrnroom and the strains of the Duke's voice could be heard. Otisrnhoped he could get the young woman there in time. He prayed thernDuke would see her. He knew he had succeeded when he saw the wonder, fear, andrnjoy flood back into the Duke's face. There it was. Kate McKay. The Duke of Albany announced his betrothal to KaternMcKay. The room fell into a shocked silence as the two young loversrnneared one another. Otis closed his eyes as he listened. \"I love you,\" she told the Duke. \"I love you,\" his Duke was saying, the honesty ofrnthe declaration evidenced in every word. There! The dream had come to life again. What he was witnessingrnin his Duke was love - true love. Somehow, without anyone in thisrnlife knowing it, this man and this woman had met and fallen inrnlove. It was a dream neither of them had let die easily. It wasrna dream no one should have to relinquish. Opening his eyes, Otis motioned for the orchestra to beginrnto play. Now all that remained was to find out how all this hadrnhappened without Otis knowing. There was a tale that would bernwell worth the hearing. FIN ","Summary":" This story is based on characters created by Steven Rogersrnand James Mangold for the motion pictur"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Moments in Time","Author":"KhakiGrrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/584927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Moments in Time by Khaki Category: Drama Rating: PG13 Disclaimer: I don't own nutin'. Feedback: Is treasured forever. Archive Rights: Want. Ask. Take. Have. Author's Notes: This is all SLYOne's fault. Why'd she have to go and introduce me to this wonderful cache of K&L; fiction? I was perfectly happy with just Someone Like You and X-Men to keep me busy. Oh well. Summary: Charlie does some time-hopping and discovers what's really important to him. ********** POV: Charlie Everywhere I look, everything reminds me of Kate. Of course, I am living in her apartment now, so it's not like that's unexpected. Still, it reminds me too much of what I've lost. Kate never had an easy life. Her mom ran off with the next door neighbor when she was only four. She practically had to raise herself, what with Dad working all the time. Then when she was twelve, Dad married my mom and they had me ten months later. If I was her, I would've probably been pissed and rebelled. Not Kate. She always tried to be the perfect daughter and do everything Dad wanted. At first, I'm sure that's why she was so good to me, but then our relationship grew until she was almost like a second mother to me. Even when she went off to college, she called me all the time and came back home at least two weekends out of every four. When I graduated high school, I already had my bags packed. I didn't want to go to college, didn't want to be the perfect lawyer Dad had always hoped for. I wanted to be an actor. The only person... the *only* one... who encouraged me was Kate. She thought I'd make a great actor, and ya know what? Her opinion was the only one that mattered. I moved into her apartment, took parts where I got them, and split the rest of my time between acting classes and waiting tables. Kate encouraged me, read lines with me when I was working on a part, and basically kept me clothed, sheltered, and fed for nine years. Then, she left. She found, just as I had years earlier, that the corporate life would never bring her true happiness. She met a guy, fell in love, and moved out. Typical love story... unless you consider this guy was a duke from the 19th century. She followed him back through time to live a full and happy life. Or at least I hope she did. There's a nice little section in the history books for Leopold, Duke of Albany, inventor of the elevator, but they don't really mention his wife more than to say that she was generally considered odd, but delightful. That's my Kate. I've checked the genealogy websites and done some serious research these past few months, but I haven't been able to find out much more. I do know that they were married May 30, 1876. They had one daughter, Elizabeth Charlene Marie Louisa Anna McKay Mountbatten, November 2, 1877. I wonder how long it took the poor kid to learn to write her name. Anyway, Kate passed away in her sleep on January 23, 1919 at the age of 82. Leo didn't last a month without her. He died in mid-February 1919. Still, even with these few facts, I didn't have any details. Was she happy that she left? Did she have a good life? Did she miss me as much as I did her? It was only a matter of time before I turned to Stuart for my answers. He said it'd take five years before I could get really close to the time Kate arrived in 1876, but I wanted to see her after she'd been there a few years anyway. I needed to know if she was really happy with her choice. I couldn't just abandon her to fate, not when she'd spent so many years looking out for me. Ever since his success with Leo, Stu's been taking quick trips to map out the time portal. It didn't take him three hours before he had my little trip planned out. I can jump off the bridge in two weeks and get to New York, 1885. I'll have two days there, and then I return to New York, 2002. Sounds good to me. ----- Whoa. That's a wicked trip. One second, I'm falling faster and faster towards the choppy surface of the East River, and the next, I'm lying completely still in the middle of a cobblestone street. It's not even like I landed here. I just sorta appeared. Stuart said it'd be like that. All the times he's jumped, he always ends up somewhere in New York, kinda like the portal moves you a little bit through space at the same instant it moves you through time. For a moment, I just lie there, trying to get adjusted to what's just happened to me. Then, the sound of hooves on stone, a man's shout, women screaming, horses whinnying, and I'm rolling so quickly that one heartbeat... two... and I'm out of the way. My pants are stained with old horse dung, I'm panting so hard that I'm sure I'll never catch my breath, but I'm still alive. It came out of nowhere. What was a horse-drawn carriage doing there... in the middle of the street? Heh. Stuart didn't warn me about that. Guess I'd better be really careful when I get back to 2002, or I'll be taxi fodder. I follow Stuart's directions then ask a few kind-hearted people for better directions before I'm finally in front of Kate's home. It's the same building that she was in the night Stuart and I found her and convinced her to go back to the past. Go figure. The servant that answered the door isn't too keen on letting me in. I understand. My clothes probably look weird to him, and besides that, I stink from rolling around on the road. Still, I try my hardest to convince him that I really am Kate's brother and not some burglar or serial killer or something. It doesn't do me any good. That is, until Kate walks past the front hall. It actually takes me a second to recognize her, dressed in a flattering gown, her hair pulled back in a bun, walking with the posture and grace of a lady. This is not the sister I knew, the one who slouched around in jeans on the weekends, the one who avoided wearing dresses except on the most formal of occasions. This is a duchess. \"Kate!\" I call to her. \"Hey, sis. Tell him to let me in.\" She turns, looks at me, her mouth drops open in shock, and her eyes roll back in her head as she faints dead away. ----- \"Where is she? What happened? Has the doctor been here?\" Leo's voice fills the house an hour later as he races through the doorway and towards the stairs, not bothering to wait for the answers to his questions... until he sees me in the sitting room off the hall. He stops mid-stride, almost tripping over his feet. The worry and fear shown by his squared jaw and expressive eyes disappear as all the blood drains from his face. \"Ch... Charles?\" Leo sways on his feet before the servant I'd met at the door grasps onto his arms and steadies him. \"Leo, are you ok?\" He swallows and blinks a few times, like he can't quite believe what he's seeing, and answers, \"Charles, you're dead.\" ----- I'm dead. Well, obviously I'm not dead now. I wouldn't be here if I was dead now, but I will be dead. Dead in the past... but also in the future. I will be was dead. I shall be have been dying. Sometime in my future, I'll travel to Kate and Leo's past and die. \"How?\" I ask. Leo's sitting on the couch across from me as we talk in the sitting room, trying to figure out what the hell's going on. \"It was on your return,\" Leo says, his voice hesitating. \"From what I can gather, your physician friend made the transition, but you... There was a storm Charles. I don't know exactly what happened, but the constables came to us the next day. They'd found one of Kate's handkerchiefs on a body, and... it was you, Charles. You were at the foot of the East River bridge. It appeared that you'd fallen to your death.\" \"What?\" It's so weird to be told exactly how I'll die. I feel regret and grief like I've been told about the loss of a best friend. It hasn't even really happened yet. But it will happen. It has to, doesn't it? I wish Stuart was here. He could explain all this time travel stuff a whole lot better than I can figure it out. \"Why was I here?\" \"You came back for Kate. She was... Lizzy was a difficult birth for your sister.\" \"Lizzy?\" \"Your niece, Charles. Seven years old, and quite a wonderful little girl. She and your sister, they are the light of my world.\" Leo's smiling now, his eyes glowing. \"I don't know what I would do if I lost them. Lizzy's delivery took almost two days. Kate was exhausted and Lizzy was... caught. Our physician determined that she could not be delivered naturally and that a Caesarian was required. Kate refused.\" \"Refused? Why?\" \"She insisted that the medical instruments and the physician himself were not properly sterilized. Your sister has always been quite adamant about personal hygiene.\" \"Kate?\" She was never all that phobic about germs. \"Yes. She has taught me a great deal about how disease spreads. In fact, she was quite ill upon first arriving here. She called her illness... Montezuma's revenge? In order to recover, she insisted that everyone in the household wash their hands with soap after using the,\" Leo cleared his throat, \"privy, as well as before preparing meals.\" Well, if people in this time aren't usually doing that, I can understand her point. If the doctor was dirty, I wouldn't want him to operate on me either. She could get an infection and die. \"So I came back...\" I prompted. \"With a physician friend of yours. Steve, I believe you called him. He had the modern medicine, instruments, and skills that put Kate's fears to ease. He performed the surgery and saved my family.\" \"But, Steve's just an intern. He couldn't...\" Wait. He couldn't now, but he could in a few years. \"Charlie.\" A distant voice interrupts our discussion. Kate's voice. I can hear her stomping down the stairs. \"Don't you tell me that! I know I saw him. Where is he? Charlie!\" \"Kate,\" I call to her, and a moment later, she's in the doorway. Her dress is rumpled, her hair is half hanging out of her bun, and her makeup is smeared, but she's there. \"Oh, Charlie,\" she says, and then she starts sobbing. Both Leo and I stand at the same time and go to her. Leo holds out his hand to her, but she throws herself at me, wrapping her arms around my neck and leaning in to me to stay upright. \"They told me you were dead! I couldn't take it, Charlie. It was all my fault. But now you're here. You're alive.\" ----- \"Daddy says you're my Uncle Charles,\" a young girl with long, curly dark hair and bright blue eyes says as she approaches me across the back lawn. \"Yeah. You must be Lizzy.\" Her nose goes up in the air, and she answers, \"Elizabeth Charlene Marie Louisa Anna McKay Mountbatten, but since you're my uncle, I will permit you to address me as Lizzy.\" Then, her prim, stuck-up facade cracks and she giggles. \"Oh, you'll *permit* me, will you?\" I ask as I lean forward, tickling her tummy. Her giggling rises in volume, making me laugh, too, and then I pick her up and put her on the bench next to me. I can't explain it, but I immediately feel comfortable with her. She's just a perfect mix of Kate and Leo. The giggling fades as I stop tickling, and her face turns serious again. \"Mommy's sad.\" \"I know.\" I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't see it. Kate's always been the strong one, but she broke down in front of me when Leo and I explained that not only did I have to go back in two days, but I was also still going to die. She cried, practically tantrumed, and then pitifully begged me not to do it, not to save her. She said she'd just been in pain, that she would've been fine with the 19th century doctor, that I didn't need to come back for her. That can't be right, though. I didn't find much information about her in the genealogical records, but I did find out when she died. If she was really fine, I wouldn't have come back with a doctor. Something terrible must've happened. \"Why does Mommy always say you died when you didn't?\" Oh, how do I explain time travel to a kid when I don't understand it myself? \"She always says it?\" \"Yeah. My second name's Charlene after you. You saved me and mommy when I was a baby, but then you died. Mommy tells me all about you. How nice you are and funny and how you were going to be a great actor, like the people in the playhouses. Then, she gets sad and doesn't want to talk anymore. She misses you.\" \"I miss her, too.\" ----- I'm on the bridge again, and Leo's standing next to me. After what happened to me years ago from his perspective, he insisted on making sure I got up here ok. It's been a pretty hard couple of days, what with Kate clinging to me almost every minute and pleading with me not to come back... not to die. Frankly, I'm not too keen on it myself. Leo's told me all the details he knows on what happened to me. Maybe I can still save Kate and avoid the consequences. \"Charles, I know this is impertinent and completely selfish of me, but I must ask you. No, I beg of you. Please...\" \"it's ok, Leo. I'm not gonna leave her to die.\" Leo shuts his mouth, his lips forming a tight line, and nods at me. \"Thank you.\" \"Just... take care her. Of both of them. They're special girls.\" \"I heartily agree,\" Leo says, a smile creeping back to his face. \"Good luck, Charles.\" ----- Stuart had a hard time accepting the news I brought back with me. At first, I was really surprised. I mean, we're neighbors, and I know he dated Kate, but I didn't realize he really cared that much. Then, he told me. \"Leopold is my great, great grandfather. If Kate dies in childbirth, if Elizabeth doesn't make it, I cease to exist. If I cease to exist, then I never bring Leopold forward in time, Kate never falls in love with him, and Kate doesn't die. Paradox.\" \"Paradox?\" \"Yes. The world as we know it, disappears.\" Stuart gets up from his desk and starts pacing the room. \"If Kate never went back in time, all the lives she affected are altered, as well as the lives of all those people who interacted with her children and her children's children and her children's children's children.\" \"Stuart, take a breath, man.\" He stops in his pacing to look at me in dismay. \"Take a breath? The world is ending and you tell me to take a breath?\" \"It can't be that bad. I mean, Kate's been gone for months and nothing's happened to you.\" \"That doesn't mean anything. Leo told you that an intern friend of yours was a surgeon when you brought him back in time. How many years has to pass before that happens? The elevators started failing only hours after Leopold came to this time period. How long will it take before I disappear from this time continuum? And if I disappear, then whatever calculations I make to get you back to the proper time go with me. You'll never be able to correct the paradox!\" \"Get grip, Stu. Do the calculations. Maybe I can go back sooner than we think. Maybe I take another Steve back with me. Did you ever think of that?\" \"Yes... yes, that makes sense. That could work. I'll start figuring it out now.\" ----- Four years. Our first suspicions were correct and it took four years before I could catch the portal to November 1877. Stuart was right about the paradox, too. One day, I woke up and Kate was making breakfast. When I ran up the fire escape to Stu's apartment I saw an Italian couple making breakfast and playing with their baby through the window. No sign of Stuart, his dog, his papers, his instruments, nothing. I asked Kate about it and she put a hand on my forehead like she did when I was sick. No, she'd never heard of Stuart Besser. Yes, the Andunucci's had lived upstairs for years. What was wrong with me? She told me to call in sick to work and get back in bed. I was probably coming down with something. She wanted to stay, but she had to get to work. Her new position was even more time consuming than her old one, and she said she'd be back at 10 p.m. It wasn't just Stuart or Kate, either. The whole world changed. Stuart was right in all his predictions except for one. I remembered. I don't know why the paradox spared me, maybe it was because I was the only one who could change it. Whatever the reason, I still knew the date and time Stu had calculated for me to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge and make it back to save Kate. It took some convincing to get Steve to go along with me. In fact, I had to borrow a gun from the theater props department to help urge him over the side and across the beam spanning traffic. Even then, he wouldn't jump off. I had to tackle him so both of us fell together. ----- From the moment I open the door, I know Kate's in trouble. \"Leopold!\" Her shrill scream fills the house. \"Unhand me! I'm going in there,\" Leo's voice drifts down to us from floors above. \"Leopold, calm yourself. Allow the doctor to do his job. It's improper for a husband to be present at the birth. You must wait in the parlor.\" \"Leopold! Please, help me!\" \"Uncle Millard. Tell your servants to release me, or so help me...\" \"Fine, you want to behave like a peasant, go ahead.\" \"Leo! Get this quack away from me!\" \"Stand back, sir.\" \"You don't understand. I must perform a Caesarian section, or both your wife and child will die.\" By that point, Steve and I are up the stairs and in the doorway of the room where all the voices are originating. The smell of blood and sweat fills the air. \"Kate, it's ok. We're here.\" Kate's weary head turns to look at me, and I see surprise and relief in her eyes. Her body is pale and she's lying in a slowly expanding ring of blood and liquid. \"Charles, what...\" Leo's standing on the opposite side of the room from the door. He's grasping the hands of a shorter, older man, trying to hold him back from Kate. The man holds a scalpel in one hand and both the blade and the man's clothes are crusted with old blood. It doesn't look like he's washed his hands days. No wonder Kate's so determined to keep him away. \"I've brought a surgeon with me. Kate, don't worry. You're going to be ok, now.\" ----- Steve kicked us all out of the room, but kept us busy boiling water and bringing clean towels and sheets to him until he was done. The baby's shoulder had been stuck against Kate's hipbone. She was too big and Steve had to do a Caesarian to get her out. Both mother and child made it through the surgery fine. Kate's resting comfortably in a fresh bed now, and Leo's holding his brand new 9 pound 7 ounce baby girl, his face wide-eyed in awe. I did it. I saved her. I stopped the paradox. Now, it's time to meet my fate. \"Leo, we've gotta go, man. The portal closes in an hour.\" \"What? Oh, Charles, of course. You have to go.\" He looks down at the daughter in his arms and then looks back up at me with tears glistening in his eyes. \"How can I ever thank you?\" \"Take care of them for me.\" \"Always.\" ----- When we arrived in 1877, the weather was closing in. Now, it's snowing, hard. The wind's blowing it into our faces as we walk onto the bridge that has changed so much of my life. \"Charlie? What in the hell's going on?\" \"We're going back to 2002. Don't worry, Steve. It'll all seem like some crazy dream in the morning. Just do what I say now, and we'll make it back ok.\" Well, at least he'll make it back. Leo said I was the only body found by the river for weeks. Whatever's going to happen to me, it happens after Steve's gone. We finally get to the right girder, and just looking at it, I realize what happened, or happens, to me. It's covered in a thick coating of ice. Steve must make it across, but I don't. I tell Steve to go for it, and he does, slipping and sliding, but never falling until he gets to the end and jumps. Then it's my turn. Maybe I tried walking across it before. Maybe if I crawled or shimmied across it, I could make it. Or maybe this is it. Maybe, no matter what I do, I'm doomed to die here. Unless... I don't have to live in the 21st century to be an actor. I've been doing a lot of stage productions anyway. What's stopping me? I could live here, be close to Kate, and get to know Lizzy better. ----- When I walk back into Kate's room to find Leo lying on the bed with her, cradling her in one arm and Lizzy in the other, I realize that she made the right choice coming back to this time. When Kate opens her eyes and smiles at me with joy not even her exhaustion could temper, I realize that I made the right choice, too. The End. ","Summary":" Moments in Time by Khaki Category: Drama Rating: PG13 Disclaimer: I don't own nutin'. Feedback: Is "},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"A Moment Too Late","Author":"Broadway Magic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/638344","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kate groaned to herself as she stumbled along the rain slickedncobblestone street of 1876. She thought briefly of Charlie, and of Stuart,nall the way in 2001. she remembered how she once told Leopold that she wasnafraid of leaping into love, and here she was, right after leaping off thenBrooklyn Bridge for love. At last, she came upon Leopold's uncle's home. She slipped throughnthe doors, heart hammering in her chest. She walked quietly into thenballroom, in time to hear Leopold's rich voice announce, \"The new Duchessnof Albany, Miss Tree of the Trees of Schineckdity.\" Kate heard herself moan softly, and her knees trembled as she fought tonremain on her feet. The steady applause droned around her. She felt asnthough she were stabbed with a thousand knives, straight to her heart. Anlively waltz had begun, and Kate tore herself to the side to avoidncolliding with the love of her life…and his new bride. Leopold had never felt so miserable in his life. He glanced briefly at hisnnew bride, but his thoughts were on Kate. He even thought he saw her in thencrowd for a moment as he flashed by. And again, and again. He blinked, andnit was no mirage. His heart dropped to his stomach. It was Kate, her blueneyes wide and rimmed with tears, her lovely face pale, and she was shaking.n\"Oh…God…\" he whispered haltingly. Kate watched as Leopold's warm brown eyes met hers, and he saw him murmurnsomething in shock. The sight of Leopold dancing with another was too much.nShe whirled on her heel and hurried out, oblivious to the fact that Leopoldnleft Miss Tree and was dashing after her. Leopold was stopped in his tracks by his uncle, who glared at his nephew.n\"Leopold! Where do you think you're going?! Leaving Miss Tree like that? Indemand to know what on earth is going on, Leopold!\" Leopold glanced helplessly at the open door. \"I really, I can't explain,nuncle. Perhaps another time.\" He pushed lightly past his dumbfounded unclenand burst outside. His eyes scanned the desolate streets, before catchingnsight of a figure hurrying away. \"KATE!\" Leopold yelled. \"Kate, don'tnleave!\" Leopold realized the irony of his words. Kate couldn't leave. Thenportal had most likely closed. She was trapped in 1876. She came to him, and she found him…engaged to another woman. \"Kate!\" henyelled again, mumbling a brief thanks that she was wearing heels, as hencaught up to her. Kate froze as Leopold took her elbow gently, hisnshoulders heaving. \"Kate, let me explain…\" Leopold pleaded. Kate's tear-streaked face turned to his, and her eyes shot sparks. \"Savenit, Leopold. I don't need an explanation, considering the fact that you'rena wiz with words. This was my fault, I came a bit too late, didn't I?nYou….have a wife…..and I'm stuck here!\" Leopold's eyes regarded her steadily. \"You must do some explainingnyourself, Kate. Why—how did you get here?\" Kate flashed him a strange look. \"Same way you did, Leopold. I jumped.\" Kate said, in a matter-of-fact tone. \"But why, my Kate?\" Leopold whispered. Kate felt like she'd been stung. Shenwasn't 'his Kate'. \"Because I love you, Leopold. That whole leap into love thing never meantnmuch to me, until I really had to make that leap.\" She paused. \"I guessnlove is the same in any century. You want what you can't have.\" Leopold'snheart was racing. Bold, confident Kate looked so vulnerable. He wanted tontake her in his arms, and make everything alright, but she was holdingnherself back from him. Suddenly, a horse galloped up. Leopold feared it was his uncle, butnnoted that his uncle would ride in a carriage. A young man with pale blondenhair and sky blue eyes looked down. \"Your Grace! Pardon my bluntness, butnwhere is Miss. Tree? Have you wed her?\" When Leopold shook his head, thenboy reined in his horse. \"Perhaps it is not too late!\" Leopold took the horse's bridle. \"Allow me to accompany you, sir. Mynuncle is quite stubborn about this matter. You do love Miss. Tree,ncorrect?\" the boy nodded fervently. \"I believe our luck has changed.\"nLeopold's eyes locked with Kate's, and he could detect a small smilenplaying on her lips. \"Please, come,\" Leopold murmured to Kate. \"I'm a mess!\" Kate insisted, but Leopold tilted her chin and shook hisnhead. \"Can I at least freshen up in the bathroom?\" Leopold nodded, notntrusting his voice to speak. Leopold turned, and saw the young man trottingntoward them, a black steed's reins held by the young man's hand. Leopold eased onto the horse, and the young man, named Taylor, helped Katenup. \"A much more comfortable way to get up, isn't it, Kate?\" Kate smiled. \"I'm wearing a dress, Leopold. That's a difference from pants.\" Taylor shotnKate a bemused look, causing Kate to burrow her face into Leopold'snovercoat to muffle her laughter. Leopold grinned himself, and he and Taylornnudged their horses into canters. \"LEOPOLD!\" Uncle Millard's voice boomed as Leopold slid off the horse. Henwent to help Kate, but to his surprise, Kate was already off. \"Leopold!nWhat is the meaning of this? I demand an answer!\" He caught sight of Kate.n\"And why are you bringing random women here? You are engaged!\" Taylornstepped up. \"That, sir, is why I am here,\" Taylor said respectfully. \"I am in love withnMiss. Tree, and vice versa. She had to marry into royalty…\" Leopold walkednup to his uncle, a sudden realization taking hold. \"Uncle Millard, earlier this evening, you said you would wiping your handsnclean of me, or something of the sort. Therefore, I am free to marry whom Inwish, when I wish.\" He ignored his uncle's malevolent glare. \"Now, becausenof that, my wife shall not be Miss. Tree,\" he caught sight of Taylor'snface, which lit up. \"But will be Miss. Katherine McKay, of the McKay'snof…\"Leopold faltered. \"Massapequa,\" Kate murmured, walking up to Leopold's side, awkwardlynresting a hand on his arm, unsure of how to react around Leopold's uncle.nLeopold beamed at her, approving. Taylor dashed into the house, followed bynUncle Millard. Once alone, Kate turned to Leopold, her future husband. \"Leopold, why donyou want to marry me so soon? I've known you for a week.\" Leopold cuppednher face in his gentle hands. \"Kate, if I am forced to marry a woman of whom I only know her name, whynnot a woman I've known a week, and love?\" Kate smiled and wrapped her armsnaround Leopold's neck, pulling him down for a kiss. To her shock, Leopoldnwithdrew, looking around anxiously. \"I've got a lot to learn, don't I?\" Kate laughed. Leopold smilednsheepishly. \"You have much knowledge already stored in your brain, my Kate, and plentynstored here,\" he patted his chest, over his heart. Kate smiled up at him. \"I love you, Leopold.\" \"And I love you, Kate.\" Kate started to snuggle into his chest. \"Oh, and Leopold?\" \"mm-hmm?\" \"General Electric is a company, not a person.\" ~*~Many Years Later, NYC, 2010~*~ \"Dad?\" 8 year old Kyle called to his father. Charlie McKay walked in,nstuffing a costume into a duffel bag. \"What, Kyle?\" Charlie asked, giving his full attention to his son. Kylenlooked up from his history book. \"Why do you have this page on Leopold, Duke of Albany bookmarked?\" Charlienpeeked over his son's shoulder and smiled at the portrait of Leopold, hisnwife, Katherine, and child, Brooke (A/N: Brooklyn Bridge). Charlie shruggednand kissed his son's head. \"I guess he always fascinated me.\" Kyle nodded, and returned to his work. ","Summary":" Kate groaned to herself as she stumbled along the rain slickedncobblestone street of 1876. She thou"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Truth Be Told","Author":"Shadow Angel2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/653079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello people! I'm Back with a new fic!! (The one your reading)rnPlease REVIEW!! I don't even need to do this, but i do it all for u!! Anyway,rnon with the fic!! Key: '...' rnThinking \"...\" rnTalking horizontal line Scene change >>> rnTime change :::::::::::::::::: rnFlashback italicized Onomatopoeia Truth Be Told Chapter 1: Letters \"Kate! You can't just encouragernthe child to wear slacks!\" Leopold told his wife, trying his hardest notrnto raise his voice. \"Well why not? She's 14 for God's sake. She shouldrnhave some choices, and pants over dresses is a lot more reasonable thanrnsome people in say, 2017!\" Kate replied. They had been married for nearlyrn16 years and had 3 children. No matter how much time had passed, neitherrnseemed to age more than a year or so. \"Katherine, it is 1892 not 2017. Dresses are customaryrnfor her. She's the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Albany, she can'trnbe flouncing around in pants and a T-shirt!\" Leopold told her sternly,rnhe was starting to lose his patients. \"2017?\" A voice whispered quietly to itself fromrnthe hallway, trying not to be heard. Vanessa listened intently to her parents bickering.rnShe had come by to tell her mother that she had received a letter fromrnsomeone named Charlie. She had stopped outside when she realized who theyrnwere talking about. She thought back to earlier that day when her mom hadrnlet her try slacks. ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.Flash Back.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: \"Vanessa!\" Kate called to her youngest child. Vanessarnwalked in and looked up at her mother. Vanessa had straight brown hairrnreaching her waist, and the same eyes as her uncle. Her skin was tan duernto the fact that she tried to spend as much time as possible outside insteadrnof in. \"Yes?\" She had asked. She had no idea why her motherrnwould want to speak to her. \"If Elizabeth or Cynthia told you anythingrnI swear I didn't do it!\" She told the older woman, she was always gettingrnblamed for her older sister's deeds. \"They didn't say anything, I want you to try thesernon.\" Kate held up a pair of black slacks. \"Liz and Cynthia both detestedrnthem, so I thought you might like them.\" Vanessa looked at her mother's smiling face and gavernin. \"Alright, I'll be out in a minute.\" Kate smiled even brighter and left her daughter tornto try on the pants. A few minutes later Vanessa came out of the room inrnthe slacks and a white blouse her mother left for her. Kate couldn't helprnbut notice how much easier she moved in them. \"I love these!\" She had shouted and embraced herrnmother. \"I can walk better and there's less a chance of me tripping inrnthem.\" Vanessa, though born into the 1800s, was fit for the future. Shernhad always been the opposite of her 2 sisters, much more like her mother.rnThe child hated dresses and loved her straight hair, she was clumsy atrnsome points but always looked towards the future. Leopold always felt ifrnhe looked close enough, he would see Kate shining back through them. While the two talked for a moment together in thernhallway, Leopold came round the corner. He had been looking for Kate allrnmorning but couldn't seem to find her. When he did, he wished he hadn't. \"What's going on here?\" He had asked his wife, eyeingrnthe black pants his daughter was wearing \"Hey daddy. Where have you been all day?\" Vanessarnasked her father, oblivious to the shock he was in. Without another second he turned to Kate, \"Kate darling,rncould you come speak with me for a moment?\" Kate, though bewildered why he would want to speakrnwith her in private, agreed and followed him down the hall. Leaving Vanessarnalone as she watched their retreating forms down the hall. ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.End Flash Back.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: \"Look, Leopold, I've been thinking.\" Kate began.rnLeopold rolled his eyes, her ideas usually ended up as trouble. \"What ifrnwe let Vanessa stay with Charlie for a while? He is my brother, and fromrnthe last letter he threw through the portal he's married Patrice.\" (sorryrnif that's spelled wrong) Leopold stared at Kate in utter shock for the secondrntime that day. \"Katherine, that is the most absurd idea you have ever had.\"rnHe stated plainly. \"Now why is it so absurd? Charlie's always mentioningrnhe would like to see the children and Vanessa's by far the most willingrnto jump off the Brooklyn Bridge!\" Kate protested, she truly saw no absurdityrnin her idea. \"That's just it.\" Leopold began. \"What do you thinkrnit would look like if we allowed our youngest daughter to jump off a bridge?\"rnWithout waiting of an answer he continued, but the child in the hallwayrnhad stopped eaves dropping to comprehend what he had just said. Vanessa looked down at the letter she held betweenrnher hands. 'Maybe if I read this it will tell me a little more about whatrnthose two are talking about' she thought. Without wasting anymore timernshe turned and ran quietly to her room and locked the door behind her. She sat on her large bed and carefully opened thernenvelope. As she took the letter from it's cover she noticed that thisrnwas definitely not any type of parchment or stationary she had ever seen.rnShe slowly unfolded the letter. Her fingers trembled slightly, she hadrnnever read through anyone's mail and she was sure her father would notrnapprove. When she finally finished opening the letter and reading it, shernjust stared blankly before rereading it. Dear Kate, How are things in 1892? Heh, I bet yourrndying without your cell. Stuart says hi also. Did I tell you? Patrice andrnI are gonna have a baby! I supposedly passed out for a minute when we foundrnout. Or so the doctors say!! There is no way that I, Charlie McKay couldrnpass out like a little girl!! MAN! Anyway, I got my first real job today! I'm thernstar of a new soap opera called \"Time after Time\". Suites you better thanrnme eh?! Also, before I forget to write it, Stuart gave me a list of openingsrnif you wanted to come by for a while. Here they are if you wanna know: Tuesday June 14 Friday June 24 Sunday July 24 Wensday August 17 Try and visit us! All ya have to do is jump off thernBrooklyn Bridge and your in 2017! In case you forgot how to get here. Also,rndon't hesitate to bring Leo and the Kids. Hope to see you soon. Love From, Charlie Vanessa reread the letter a few times beforernit finally started to sink in. She gaped at the note, clearly confused.rn\"Charlie, Charlie...\" She repeated the name a few times befor she finallyrnremembered. \"Uncle Charlie! But mom said he died in a freak accident.\"rnVanessa spoke softly to herself, she'd be busted if one of the maids orrnbutlers caught her with her fater's mail. The only person she could honestlyrntrust with anything was Odis. She new he was the closest with her dad,rnbut Odis would never tell her parents anything she told him without permission. KNOCK! KNOCK! Vanessa looked up quickly from the letter.rn\"Coming!\" She yelled to the person behind the door. She stuffed the letterrnunder her pillow and opened the door. It was her father. \"Vanessa, can I talk to you for a moment?\" Leopoldrnasked her. \"Sure. Dosn't bother me.\" Vanessa answered. She caughtrna blimpse of dark curly hair, Elizabeth and Cynthia. She glared at them,rnthough she couldn't see them she knew they were waiting for her to getrnbusted. \"About this whole slacks business, you can't reallyrnwear these. You know that don't you?\" Leopold asked his daughter. \"Yes, but could you close the door, I don't appreciaternLiz and Cynthia eaves dropping on me.\" Vanessa raised her voice enoughrnfor the two girls in the hall to hear perfectly. The next thing they heardrnwas the slamming of their little sister's door. \"Dad, do you know who Charlie McKay is?\" Vanessarndecided to come straight out with it instead of beating around the bush. Leopold was shocked to say the least. How had shernfound out about Charles? This was way to many surprises for one day. Hernglanced over at Vanessa's bed and caught a glimpse of paper petruding fromrnbeneath the pillow. \"What is that?\" He finally asked. Vanessa looked over at her pillow and visibly paled.rn'Oh no! He can't find out I've been reading their mail. Think Vanessa,rnthink!\" she thought rapedly to herself. 'I got it!' Vanessa grabbed thernletter, glanced over it and sighed. \"This is just an assignment I needrnto turn in for lessons tommorow.\" She explained to her father. Leopold merley nodded before speaking again. \"Whererndid you hear of Charlie McKay?\" He questioned. Vanessa thought back tornearlier. \"I was walking by the room you and mom were talkingrnin and just happened to pick up the name Charlie McKay. Also, if I'm notrnmistaken, McKay is mom's maiden name.\" Leopold couldn't believe that his child could putrntogether something of that logic together so quickly. He nodded again beforernstaing he had to leave and they would talk about this later. Vanessa knew he was lying and just couldn't thinkrnof a good excuse. No matter, she was going to figure it out herself, byrnjumping the Brooklyn Bridge. For tonight was Friday June 24, and she wasrnnot going to pass up a chance to meet her supposedly dead uncle. So sherngot out a quill and peice of parchment, wrote a small letter to her parents,rnand headed out the door in her blouse and slacks. She reached the Brooklyn Bridge in no time, and hadrnmanaged to get out of the house by claiming she needed some fresh air.rnShe stood atop the bridge staring down at the water below her, 'What ifrnit dosn't work?' she thought. \"Vanessa? Are you in here darling?\" Kate asked asrnshe entered Vanessa's room. She looked over the room and stopped at thernsmall desk. On top of it lie a sheet of paper and a sheet of parchment.rnRecognizing Charlie's hand-writing she ead that one first. \"He's alwaysrntrying to get us to come see him.\" she said lightly to herself. Next she picked up the peice of parchment. Like Charlie'srnletter she immediantly recognized her daughter's hand-writing. She readrnit quickly before turing white. \"LEOPOLD!!\" She screamed as she ran from the room,rnletter clutched tightly in her hand. She ran straight into him as she roundedrnthe corner of the study. Behind him he saw Liz and Cynthia standing besiderneach other, both of them looked a little frightened. \"What is it Kate?\" Leopold asked her, she seemedrnto be on the edge of hysterics. She didn't say anything, just thrust thernletter into his hand; Mother and Father, I am leaving for 2017. I will be jumping off thernBrooklyn Bridge and seeking out uncle Charlie form his letter. I'll bernfine and I will be back within a month. Love, Vanessa \"Come on girls!\" Leopold shouted to the three females in the room. Hernthen fled out to a carriage, all of them behind him. Without hesitationrnor expanation, he set the carriage on it's way as they rode towards thernBrooklyn Bridge. Vanessa was just about to step off when she heardrnrushed hooves below her. She looked down in time to see her father andrnmother bolt from the stopped carriage followed quickly by Elizabeth andrnCynthia. \"No! I've got to do this!\" she told herself sternly. \"Vanessa! Don't!!\" Her mother called after her. Vanessarnturned to flash them one last smile before she jumped, and was gone. AN: What will happen to Vanessa? What will Kate and Leopold do aboputrnit? Is Charlie ready to see his 14 year old neice? Will I ever stop talking?rnAll this and more in the next chapter! Also! PLEASE REVIEW!!!!!!!!!!!!! ","Summary":" A/N: Hello people! I'm Back with a new fic!! (The one your reading)rnPlease REVIEW!! I don't even n"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Kate and Leopold, The Story Continues","Author":"susan friedman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1173431","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kate and Leopold, The Story Continues Prologue She couldn't remember running so fast in her life. She had to get there,nthis time before her grandfather could reach her. The last time she ran fornthe bridge, he had been right behind her and almost discovered her secret. So she hid from him, hoping he would go away so that she could jump. Shensaw him run past and smiled, coming out of her hiding place, only to comenface to face with that wretched old man. So she went back home with him, even though she knew the consequences ofnher action. Now here she was, a day later, running for her life. She looked up and sawnthe Brooklyn Bridge ahead of her. She turned quickly and noticed that herngrandfather was nowhere in sight, but he had tricked her before. She wasnabout to go back when she heard the sirens in the distance and then she sawnhim coming around the corner. He was three long city blocks away. Shenturned and ran for the bridge onto the pedestrian walkway. She found thengirder and walked across very carefully, so she wouldn't fall. Finally, reaching the end of it, she looked back, but could see nothing.nThe sirens had gotten louder now and she could see the lights of thenEmergency Medical Service ambulance going up the street. She turned hernhead and looked down at the water. It was then that she had made her mindnup. She wasn't coming back this time, no matter what had happened. Shencouldn't stand living with her grandfather another second. Whether shenliked it or not, this was the only way out. And so she jumped. Chapter 1 Stuart Besser and Charlie McKay were still standing on the Brooklyn Bridge.nKate McKay had just jumped off the bridge to be with Leopold, the Duke ofnAlbany. \"I still can't believe she did it, Stuart,\" Charlie said, still lookingninto the water. Stuart was still smiling. He shook his head. He turned as he heard sirensnin the distance. \"The police are coming back to look for Kate's body,nCharlie. I think we'd better..\" But Charlie wasn't moving. Instead, he pointed to the East River. \"Look,nStuart, look over there.\" Stuart looked down and saw someone swimming toward the city side of thenbridge. It looked as if it was a woman. \"Quickly, Charlie. We have to get off this bridge now. She'll soon be upnhere and we should meet her.\" Charlie frowned. \"You don't think that's Kate, do you?\" \"I don't know,\" Stuart said, running as fast as could. \"The portal couldnhave closed or something could have happened. Come on.\" Charlie looked behind him and noticed the police cars were getting closer.nHe turned and followed Stuart off the bridge. Chapter 2 Amber Coulter looked around and smiled. She finally made it back here, backnto New York in the year 2001. She had been here twice before, after she hadndiscovered the portal in time. She knew she had to see someone named StuartnBesser. Amber had watched him hard at work, mapping out the portal to 1876.nShe watched him through the window of his apartment after walking up to thenroof. He never noticed her, not even when she followed him to the BrooklynnBridge. Amber watched as he jumped off and landed in the water. She decidednto follow his lead and jumped off as well. What she had discovered was anNew York she had never known and never realized existed. She watched Stuart as he swam away from the bridge toward the city side.nWhen he reached the bank, he stood up, getting his bearings. Satisfied,nStuart began to walk. Amber moved ever closer to the shore, making sure he didn't see her. Onlynwhen he disappeared around the corner, did she have the nerve to climb outnof the water and follow him down the cobblestone street. She had lost himnby this time and decided to head back, so she jumped off the bridge,nthinking that she would return to 2001. But that was not the case. She had returned to her own time, the New Yorknof 2030. She swam to shore and ran back home, pulling out some of Stuart'sndiscarded calculations. That's how she discovered the time portal to thenpast, to 2001. She looked up and watched as someone ran toward her, telling her to stop.nBy instinct, she began to run, thinking that she had made a mistake, thatnshe hadn't come back to 2001 after all. \"Wait, wait,\" the man yelled out as he caught up to her. \"I won't hurtnyou.\" He reached out and touched her shoulder. \"I just want to talk to you,nplease.\" Chapter 3 \"I cannot believe you jumped off that girder,\" Leopold said, laughing. Thenball was over and his Uncle Millard had gone to sleep, leaving the two ofnthem alone. Now they were sitting outside in the walled in garden. They hadnwalked to the furthest end of it, as far away from the mansion as theyncould get. \"I don't know what happened,\" Kate said. \"One minute I was standing therenin front of all those people and the next minute, I was standing on thenBrooklyn Bridge saying goodbye to Stuart and Charlie.\" \"What do you mean?\" Leopold said, frowning. Kate smiled. \"Oh, I never told you, did I?\" Leopold shook his head. \"Told me what?\" \"J.J. picked me to be the next VP of CRG Research.\" \"VP?\" Leo asked, a little confused. \"Vice President,\" Kate answered. She smiled. \"I was being introduced as thennew VP when Stuart and Charlie broke in and handed me a bunch of pictures.\"nShe pulled them out of the bosom of her dress and handed them to Leopold.nShe had wrapped them up in a plastic bag so that they wouldn't get wet.n\"These are the shots that Stuart took a week ago, when he came to visit.\" Leopold looked through the photos and looked in shock as he came to the onenof Kate at the ball. He looked up and smiled. \"I knew that I had seen you before,\" he said. Henlooked up and the smile disappeared. He shook the pictures at her. \"We havento burn these, Kate, before my uncle discovers them. You took a huge risknin bringing these here.\" Kate smiled. \"As soon as we go back, we can throw them into the fireplace.\" Leo smiled again. \"Quick thinking, woman.\" He pulled out his pocket watchnand checked the time. It was three thirty in the morning. \"Come, we shouldnbe getting back. We have a long day tomorrow.\" Chapter 4 \"You're from where?\" Stuart asked as he and Charlie sat down on the couch.nStuart couldn't stop staring at the woman. \"I am from the future, 2030 to be exact,\" Amber told him. \"I found a timenportal to the year 2001, Stuart, from the notes you discarded.\" Stuart and Charlie exchanged glances. \"And you found the new portal by using my calculations?\" Amber nodded. Now she wasn't so sure that coming back here was the rightnidea. \"And was there a reason you came back here?\" \"Yes, there are several, but the main reason was to share my findings withnyours and compare our data. According to my calculations, there are severalnmore portals in the East River. I haven't tried them all and,\" she smiled,n\"one of them is extremely confusing. I came back for your help and advice,nStuart.\" Stuart was speechless. He continued to stand there staring at her. \"You said there were other reasons,\" Charlie asked. \"Can you tell us aboutnthem?\" Amber looked at Charlie and tried not to smile. Here he was and a lotnyounger than the picture she carried of him. \"Yes, but I don't think that I.\" There was a knock at the door. Chapter 5 Stuart walked to the apartment door and opened it. Charlie looked at Amberna moment longer before he turned away. \"May I help you?\" he asked, innocently. \"Kate?\" the man at the door called out. Standing behind him were twonpolicemen. \"Kate McKay, are you in there?\" Stuart shook his head. \"I have no idea who you are and I do notnparticularly like strange people to come barging in my house.\" \"Ah, J.J.,\" Charlie said, walking over to him. \"Remember me? I'm Kate'snbrother, Charlie. You know, from that night at the restaurant? How did younget here?\" J.J. smiled. \"You, you were the one with Mr. Margarine that night? The onenwho embarrassed the hell out of me?\" \"Just answer me one question,\" Stuart asked. \"How did you get here?\" \"I got a hold of the company telephone book.\" J.J. said, \"It listed thendownstairs apartment as Kate's address. Somewhere in the back of the room, Bart, Stuart's dog, began to bark. \"BART!\" Stuart called. \"Look, Stuart, or whatever your name is, if you don't produce Kate McKay innfive minutes I will have the two of you arrested on murder charges. Do younunderstand that?\" \"Wait, wait,\" a female voice called out, \"Stuart, what's going on here?\" Chapter 6 Tuesday, April 29 dawned clear and bright in contrast to the day before,nwhich had been cloudy and rainy. In fact, it had been that way for fivenwhole days. The sun streamed into the Leopold's sleeping chamber as Otis pulled thencurtains back. \"Rise and shine, Your Grace,\" he called, turning around, \"we finally have anbeautiful sunny.\" he stopped in mid sentence. Leopold's bed was empty. It was the first time in the three years that henlived here that his bed had not been slept in. Otis smiled and shook his head. Kate McKay was not your average woman. Itnwas as if she had appeared from nowhere, even though Leopold had assurednhim that she had been to the mansion once before. He had never seen him so happy as he was last night at the ball. He hadneyes only for her and no one else. They were inseparable, laughing andntalking with one another with everyone whispering behind them, wonderingnwhom she was and where she had come from. He had known that she had come from New York. Kate had mentioned that whennshe arrived at the mansion and a brief version of how they had met. She hadntold him that she was in love with Leopold and that she needed to tell himnso. From that moment on, he was not only impressed with her looks but hernintelligence as well. This woman, he thought, would be great for Leopold. And so he had let her in. He hadn't regretted it. The only thing that henthought he was going to regret was Uncle Millard's wrath toward Kate laternon that morning. He was wondering how he could talk Millard out of it whennhe spotted something on the floor. He bent down to pick it up and looked atnit. It was the picture of Kate arriving at the ball. He smiled and placednit in the inside pocket of his suit. He'd give it to Leopold later whennthey were alone. He had just closed the door to his room when he heard humming coming fromnthe end of the house. If fact, that was the side where all guests slept and this included KatenMcKay. \"Your Grace,\" he said, stopping him in mid song. \"Please, tell me.\" Leopold stopped. He had a smile on his face wider than any smile Otis hadnever seen. \"Please, Otis, stop calling me \"Your Grace. You know that I never likednit.\" \"And what would have me call you?\" Chapter 7 Leopold looked at him. \"You can call me Leopold, Otis. And if you feelnuncomfortable doing it in polite society, then you can refer to me as YournGrace.\" Otis looked at him. \"Your Grace?\" Leopold laughed and shook his head. \"It's alright, Otis. I have a favor tonask of you. Please explain to the cook that I need the kitchen this finenmorning. I would like to make breakfast for fiancée with my own hands. Inhave something in mind, if you would care to help me.\" Otis shook his head. \"You know, your uncle is waiting for you, Leopold,\"nOtis said, trying it out. \"Yes, I expected that would happen. I am well prepared. Kate and I wentnover it this morning. I slept in her room last night.\" Otis smiled. \"Yes, I thought that might have been where you disappeared to.nI was already in your room.\" Leopold smiled. \"And I was hoping to be there before you got to it.\" \"I found something in your room, Leopold, and I wanted to give it to younbefore someone else gets a hold of it.\" He reached into his jacket pocketnand brought out the picture. He handed to Leopold. \"Where is she from, Your Grace, and how do you know her?\" Leopold looked at him. \"Yes, I suppose an explanation is in order, Otis,nand I promise that you will have one as I am making breakfast. Just try tonkeep my uncle away, will you?\" He turned to leave when Otis called him back. \"By the way, Your Grace, justnwhat was it that you were humming?\" Leopold smiled. \"Something from the soundtrack of Breakfast at Tiffany's,nif I remember right. I believe the name of the piece is \"Moon River.\" Chapter 8 Stuart woke with a start. He looked around and realized that he had fallennasleep on the couch where, only the night before, Leopold had slept. Stuartnlay back down again, wondering how and why he was out here and not in hisnbed. \"Bart?\" he called out, but he heard no barking or thrashing coming from thenkitchen where the dog usually stayed. Stuart scratched his head. The apartment was unusually quiet, quite andifference from the excitement that went on earlier that morning. He was trying to remember if it was real or if it had been all a dream whennhe heard the front door open. \"Calm down, Bart, \" a female voice called out. \"There you go. Go, go on,nand say hello to your father.\" Stuart sat up. \"Amber?\" he called. The name sounded vaguely familiar. Henwaited until he saw Bart run over to the couch. He jumped all over Stuart,nlicking him all over his face. Stuart laughed and grabbed both sides of Bart's neck to grab and push himnaway. \"Amber,\" he called again. \"Is that you?\" \"Good afternoon, Stuart,\" Amber called, walking into the living room.n\"Lunch is already waiting on the table. I have to go in two hours, but Inwill be back at five. Stuart got up and walked to meet her. \"You really going to do to this,naren't you? You really think that you can fill Kate's shoes?\" Amber smiled. \"For the meantime anyway, just until J.J. finds anreplacement. I told you my major in college was marketing research.\" Shensmiled and poked him in the stomach. \"Got you off the hook, didn't I?\" Stuart nodded. \"You sure did and for that I am forever grateful.\" He satndown at his desk where she placed the grilled cheese sandwich that she hadnmade. He bit into it and noticed all the new calculations. \"This is good,\"nhe called out to her as she brought her own sandwich over. \"Thanks,\" she said, sitting down on the couch. \"If you like that, waitnuntil you taste what I have planned for dinner tonight.\" She picked up hernsandwich and took a bite out of it. \"Have you looked at any of that?\" shenasked, gesturing toward her calculations. \"Just enough to notice that you found another portal,\" Stuart said,nsmiling. He shook his head. \"How did you get involved in this? How come younaren't doing what you had gone to school for?\" Amber smiled and shook her head. She took another bite out of her sandwichnand shrugged her shoulder. \"It's just a hobby, Stuart, never really thoughtnabout it much. I just got started on it after I got laid off from CRGnJanssen.\" Stuart put the cheese sandwich down. \"Isn't that where Kate worked? CRG?\" Amber nodded her head. \"I guess it just runs in the family, Stuart.\" \"Runs in the family? What are you talking about.\" Chapter 9 \"I am Kate's first cousin once removed, Stuart. I am Kelly Coulter'sndaughter.\" Stuart spat out his food. \"Kelly Coulter, of the Westchester Coulter's? Younmean Kate's rich relatives on her mother side?\" Amber nodded. \"Yes, Aunt Margaret's sister, Eileen.\" Stuart couldn't believe this. Margaret and her younger sister Eileen wereninseparable until Maggie married Kate's father, Sean Patrick McKay ofnMassapequa. They had money, but not enough to suit Jasper Coulter, Maggie'snfather. So Jasper had Eileen's wedding arranged to a distant cousin named MarknCoulter, who had been a successful lawyer. A year later, Eileen had givennbirth to baby Kelly and everything was fine until a drunken driver with ansuspended license had hit Eileen crossing the street, killing herninstantly. At that point, there was nowhere for little Kelly to go, except to staynwith her father, who raised her. Mark never got over Eileen's death and henhad blamed himself for leaving Eileen alone so much of the time. So he hadnquit his job and had become a recluse, giving Kelly his full attention. Asnshe grew older, he came to depend on her more and more. He had started tondrink right after Eileen's death, but it was only to help him sleep. Now henwas drinking all the time and was making Kelly's life miserable. \"She was talking care of your grandfather last I heard. I didn't know thatnshe had become pregnant.\" \"Not yet,\" Amber said, looking at him. \"Kelly stood by and watched whilenher father drank up the family fortune. So she attended business school,nearned her degree in marketing and accepted a job offer. Of coursenGrandfather didn't like that. He would yell at her for working, saying thatnCoulter woman never had to support a man. During this time, she had annaffair with one of her bosses and she became pregnant with me.\" \"Didn't he marry her?\" Stuart asked innocently. Amber shook her head. \"Michael actually wanted to, but my grandfathernforbade it saying that he not right for her and begged Kelly to stay withnhim. She quit her job to raise me and lived with her father for a while,nbut she couldn't put up with his rules and his constant criticism of her.nHe always tore her down, Stuart. No matter how hard she tried to make itnwork, she never could. So she began to go out on the sly and disappear fornhours until one day, she never returned.\" She shook her head. \"I was sixteen years old when she walked out. By then,nwe were living in a small condo that Mother had paid in full from the salenof the Westchester mansion. She actually said goodbye to me and I hadn'tneven realized it. She hugged me and told me that I was old enough to do asnI pleased, that I didn't have to stay with him any more. She had evennhidden some money away to send me to school.\" \"But you stayed, didn't you?\" Amber nodded. \"Grandfather was never the same after that. He was a totallyndifferent person. He drank more and more especially when I started school.nI felt guilty and I stayed to take care of him. When he knew that I wouldnstay, he gave up the drinking and even calmed down a bit, but it was onlyntemporary. I should have known, should have seen it coming.\" Chapter 10 Charlie McKay had just hung up with Patrice. He had apologized for beingnlate for lunch and promised to meet her for dinner. It had been threenthirty in the morning by the time he got back to Kate's apartment, now his.nHe didn't know how he was going to afford living there by himself, so henwould need a roommate to share expenses. He had depended on his older sister all his life, ever since Maggie andnSean McKay died when the train they were traveling in had derailed. Theynhad just left New York City and were on their way down to Florida to looknfor a place that they could retire to. They weren't the only ones, twentynother people died with them. At least Kate was older by than and had just started her job at CRG. Shenwas young, only twenty-seven years old. Charlie had just turned twenty-twonand was studying to become an actor. He worked on and off at whatever hencould get to help Kate with the expenses. When she started going out withnStuart, she paid for expenses while he worked on his \"projects\", the timenportal being one of them. He had gone to what Kate always called \"actor camp,\" a workshop which wasnalways held at the Bear Mountain Inn and had come back to find Leopold,nwhom he thought was a fellow actor. He had lost his sister to him a weeknlater, but had gained a new friend, one Amber Coulter from the New York ofn2030. He had meant to ask if she was related in any way to his mother'snside of the family. He never got the chance because Amber became involvednwith J.J. when he had come to the door looking for Kate. She had told hernold boss that Kate had traveled a long way to visit distant relatives andnshe was probably not coming back anytime soon, although this had been andisappointment to Charlie because he not only missed his sister, but Leo asnwell. This seemed to satisfy J.J. as well as her taking over Kate's jobntemporarily. However, when Charlie had seen her that morning, she had clued him in onnone thing, that whatever he was to do the rest of the day, he shouldn'tnmiss the audition that was to start at 2:30 today. Amber had told him thatnthis was the turning point in his life, even if he didn't get the job thatnhe had come in for. That's all she would tell him, she said she couldn'tnruin the space time continuum, he had to see for himself So Charlie was excited as he dressed for audition and for his dinner withnPatrice. As he was about to leave, a knock came on the door. Charlie opened it and frowned. Two men in suits were standing in thendoorway of the apartment. \"May I help either of you?\" Charlie asked, trying to make light of thensituation. \"Are you Mr. Charles McKay?\" asked the shorter of the two men. Charlie brightened up at that. \"That's me,\" he said, \"Is there something Incan do for you?\" \"Can we see some ID?\" the taller one spoke this time. \"Look, what's this all about?\" Charlie asked, a little angrily as he tooknout his wallet from his pant's pocket. He took out his driver's license andnhanded it to the taller one. He took it and looked at Charlie, then at the license, then back again. Henhanded it to the shorter one, who just looked at the picture, nodded andnhanded it back to Charlie. Then the shorter one flashed an identification badge. Charlie was getting nervous as he put his driver's license back in hisnwallet. \"I am Detective Philip Garner of the NYPD and this is Mr. Lester Stovall,npresident of the Bank of New York,\" the shorter of the two said. \"Andnthis,\" he said, introducing a third man, \"is Mr. Barney Seagraves of thenlaw firm, Seagraves and Seagraves.\" Charlie looked from one to the other and back again. \"And what does allnthis have to do with me?\" \"Well,\" Detective Garner piped up. \"We have a letter here from 1876naddressed to a Mr. Charles McKay,\" He smiled and handed Charlie the letter.n\"We also have a key to a safe deposit box, which Mr. Stovall is handing outnto you. There are contents in there for your eyes only, Mr. McKay.\" Charlie breathed a sigh of relief. He took the keys dangling from LesternStovall's hand. \"This box was opened especially for you, Mr. McKay.\" When Charlie didn't answer, the detective continued. \"Mr. Seagraves is herento take a signed affidavit that you received both the key and the letter. Inam here to make sure you do that.\" Charlie was excited now. \"Do you have any idea what's in the box?\" he said,nsigning the piece of paper that Seagraves handed him. He handed it back. Garner shook his head. \"Have no clue, Mr. McKay. It was opened for you innyour name. Whatever is in there belongs to you.\" Seagraves looked down atnthe signature. Satisfied, he put the paper in his pocket. \"Well, we should be off now,\" the detective told him. \"If you need anynassistance while you're at the bank, don't hesitate to ask for Mr.nStovall.\" Charlie looked up at him and smiled. \"Of course I will and thank you verynmuch for stopping by.\" Charlie watched as the three of them made their way down the hall, thennclosed the door. He stared at the letter dated April 29, 1876 and looked atnhis watch. It was late, just a little after two o'clock. He didn't have tongo far, but he should leave or else he would miss the audition. He left the letter on the kitchen table, took one last look in the mirrornand opened the door and left. Chapter 11 Kate folded the letter, put on the sealing wax and stamped it with thenMontbattan initial. If it had worked in Back to the Future, it wouldnprobably work in this situation, she thought as she picked up the letter.nShe turned it over and wrote Charlie's name on the front. She just wantednto let everyone know back in the year 2001 that she was fine. Now if she could only get it out the door without anyone seeing. She opened up the bedroom door and looked around. The hallway was quietnexcept for the hustle and bustle of the maids and servants. Kate closed thendoor and started down the steps. She was still wearing the beautifulnnightgown that Kathleen, her new personal maid, had left on her bed. She had made it to the bottom and looked around again before she opened it.nShe walked out in her bare feet to the tall mailbox marked \"Letters\" andnput it into the box. She wanted to pick it up later when the two of themnwent out for a short walk sometime in the afternoon. With that done, shenheaded into the house where Otis was waiting for her. \"You are invited into the dining room for a wonderful handmade breakfast,nmilady.\" Otis held out his arm and Kate smiled and put her own arm throughnhis. \"Thank you, Otis,\" she said simply and once again, Otis felt antingling sensation go through him. She wasn't like anyone that he had evernmet before. \"And please, feel free to call me Kate,\" she said, smiling at him. Otis smiled back. \"You will still have to meet Leopold's Uncle Millard.nThat has been postponed to 2 pm this afternoon.\" \"Postponed?\" Kate asked. \"By Leopold, who wanted to surprise you,\" Leopold's voice called from thenkitchen. \"Sit down, Kate. I made breakfast especially for you.\" Chapter 12 \"Known about what?\" Stuart said, taking the last bite out of his sandwich,nhe was listening intently now. \"Known that Grandfather would be that way,\" Amber said, shaking her head,n\"but I held out, hoping that he would change.\" Stuart looked at her, intrigued. \"When and how did you find your first timenportal?\" Amber smiled. \"Believe it or not, the first one was to 2001, to your time,nStuart. I came by it accidentally. I was running away from Grandfathernagain and walked out onto the girder, but I wasn't so careful and I fellnforward into the water. I came up and I hadn't realized what century it wasnor if indeed, it was a different one. You were still in the hospital then,nafter falling down the elevator shaft. I walked to the apartment housenwhere you, Kate and Charlie lived and looked around. I actually wanted tonsee if it was still the same, Stuart.\" \"And was it?\" Amber shook her head. \"It looks so much better in this time period. Wherenyou live in the future is the poorest section in town, Stuart. I know youncan't imagine it, but it's true. The most desirable place to live in myntime is the Bronx.\" Stuart smiled and shook his head. \"You're right, Amber. I can't believe it.nWhat a switch.\" \"I found some papers that had floated down from the roof. They werencalculations, Stuart. At first, I didn't know what they were, but I pickednthem up and studied them, when I arrived back in my own time.\" \"By finding those papers, you've already altered the future,\" Stuart said. Amber looked at him. \"I guess I never realized that. I thought that if Infound those papers and returned without disturbing anything, the futurenwould still be the same.\" \"You found all those portals, Amber,\" Stuart whispered, looking at her innamazement. \"How old are you, if you don't mind me asking.\" Amber smiled. \"I'm twenty eight years old, Stuart. I will be born Novembern26 in the year 2002.\" Chapter 13 Charlie ran all the way home. He had never been so happy in his whole life.nHe had gotten the part, finally. All right, so this one was small, but it was a pivotal role. The entirenfilm centered on his character and he only had three lines to utter. He was so excited that he almost missed the lock entirely when he stuck thenkey into it. He had to tell Amber that she had been right, but whynshouldn't she. She was from the future and she knew what would happen. Henlooked at his watch and noticed that the time was 4:30 pm, but he knew thatnshe would be doing Kate's job temporarily. All she had was an hour left andnthen she'd be back and he could share the letter with her and Stuart andnthen. Oh, damn! He had forgotten all about Patrice. She was meeting him at thatnrestaurant, the one the where he and Leopold walked into while Kate wasnsitting having dinner with J.J. He'd have to call her to change plansnagain. Well, he just had to get ready and started for his bedroom when somethingnhit him. Kate's letter, he thought, I forgot about Kate's letter. He rannback into the dining room, to the table where he had left it. And, he thought as he picked up the letter, there's more. Dear Charlie, the letter began. Remember Back to the Future 3 when DocnBrown wrote his letter in 1885 and sent it to Marty McFly in 1955? Well, Inwondered if it would work in this situation. Unfortunately, there is no waynI will find out, I just assume that it will. Anyway, I needed to tell you and Stuart that I arrived a little beforenmidnight and a little later than I arrived the first time. Otis let me innafter I explained to him that Leopold had invited me and I hesitated toncome at first, but I needed to tell him something of importance. When henasked what it was, it all came spilling out, the fact that I lived in NewnYork and that we had met a few days ago. He fell in love with me quicklynand I just didn't know how to handle that. When Leopold left me, I realizednthat I loved him and needed him, which is why I came here to see him. Hensmiled and let me in. Please apologize to J.J. and explain that I was not ready to be the new VPnof CRG Janssen and I hope he can find my replacement quickly. Must go, I hear footsteps and I will have to get rid of this letter quicklynbefore someone sees me. I will write more, I promise. All my love, Kate Chapter 14 Millard was grumbling as he made his way back home from the bank. Firstnthere was that small matter of a mistake on his bank records, which, he hadnfound out, was never there to begin with. What he was really upset about was his nephew, the Duke of Albany. Leopoldnnever acted like royalty and never wanted to be royalty. Then there wasnthis woman who he had never met and had never seen before, this poor commonnstreet wench that he had picked up out of nowhere and pronounced hisnundying love for. Why, that boy needed to learn some manners. There was nonexcuse for his behavior, none at all. He should just march right up to thenhouse and give him the tongue thrashing he deserved, then throw that Katenwhat's-her-name right back into the street from whence she came. He would force him to marry someone of his own choosing, someone with moneynand refinement, someone with splendor and gracefulness, not some yellownhaired floozy he'd picked up on the street the night before. And then he remembered how Leopold's eyes lit up when he saw her enter thenroom. His whole personality had changed. What had impressed him about herneven then was the way she held herself, well, before she tripped overnherself anyway. Her face was as beautiful as the new gray gown she wasnwearing. From the little he could get from Otis, they had met a few daysnago at the house of an acquaintance both known to them. Leopold had fallennhead over heels in love with this woman and she wanted nothing to do withnhim until they had had an argument. He had walked out on her and she wentnchasing after him to tell apologize, to explain to him that it had all beenna mistake. Otis said he let her in because he thought that they werenstrong, rebellious and independent and would suit each other well. Theynneeded one another, this was obvious, and they were both very much in love. He hadn't seen Leopold that happy since he had been a small boy in England. She said she was from Massapequa, which was out in the country of allnplaces. What was out there anyway besides a few houses and a new hotel?nWhat was her last name anyway? McKay? Wasn't that it? The McKay's ofnMassapequa, Leopold had announced. Well, think, Millard, who was outnthere. He knew of the McKay brothers, the ones who started the generalnstore out there where there was none before. Sean Patrick and DanielnJoseph had become millionaires several times over with their store and thatnwas just in the first five years that it had opened. So she did have money, if indeed those were her relations. He smiled and stopped. Maybe he had been a bit too harsh. Maybe he couldnaccept her as she was. Maybe the men last night who had joined him laternin the smoking room were right after all. \"Oh, come, come Millard, of course they should marry. Do not ruin hisnhappiness. Why, you ask? You do want him married, don't you? You don'tnwant him living with you forever, especially with a miserable old bachelor,nnow would you?\" Well, they had been right. His own arranged marriage had been a disasternfrom the start. He had hated Millicent from the very beginning; even hernname bothered him. She had never given him any children, none whatsoever. Is this what he really wanted to give his nephew? Did he want Leopold tonshare his fate? The answer was a resounding no. Millard quickened his step and headed toward the mansion. He must get therenquickly to explain his sudden change of heart. He needed to give them bothnan explanation and apologize for his behavior. He was not going to deprive Leopold the happiness that was due him. Chapter 15 Stuart was making the final calculations when Amber walked in. He pickednhis head up and smiled. \"Well, how was the first day?\" \"It went very well, I think,\" she said. J.J. was so impressed that henwants me every day and full time as well.\" \"And?\" Stuart asked, getting up. \"I told him I couldn't,\" Amber said, \"and asked him to find a replacementnas quickly as possible. I told him I might not stay as long as Inpromised.\" She hung up her light spring jacket and walked inside to start dinner, butnStuart stopped her. \"You don't have to make dinner, I ordered in a pizza.\" He walked closer tonher. When Amber turned around, she found him staring at her. \"About thennot staying part, is there a reason that you'd be going so soon?\" Amber looked in his eyes and smiled. \"I can stick around if you want me to,nStuart. I thought the longer I stayed here, the more I was messing up thentime continuum.\" She waited for Stuart's reply and when none came, she changed the subject.nShe walked over to his desk. \"What is this you are working on?\" Stuart smiled and walked back to join her. \"That, my lady, is just one ofnthe time portals you found. It leads to New York in the 1920's. Haven'tnfigured out exactly what year it is yet and some other things needntweaking, but it looks as if we might be able to experiment with it.\" \"Shouldn't Kate and Leopold still be alive? Maybe we can go and visit\".Shenstopped and stared at him. She frowned. \"What's wrong with you?\" \"How do you know about Kate and Leopold?\" Stuart asked. \"I don't think I'dnever told you about them.\" Amber frowned. \"Of course you did, Stuart. Don't you remember last nightnwhen the cops came here trying to pin Kate's murder on you and Charlie?\"nDon't you remember what I told them?\" Stuart stared at her. \"You told them that she was off visiting relativesnand that she wasn't coming back anytime soon.\" He looked up at her. \"I'mnsorry, Amber. I guess I'd forgotten. Just tell me one thing, how did younknow?\" Amber looked at him. \"Come on, Stuart. They are all over the place. Allnyou have to do is look on the Internet and in books. There are photosneverywhere of Leopold, Kate and their two children.\" She stopped in midnsentence and put her hand up to her lips. \"Now I should apologize to you.\" \"No, no, that's not necessary,\" Stuart reached out and took her hand awaynfrom her lips. \"It's good to know that she reached 1876 safely. It was sonclose, Amber. Another second and the portal would've closed.\" Amber nodded. She moved toward him. \"Yes,\" she answered, \"the timing mustnbe precise. One more second and you'd be stuck in the wrong time period.\" Stuart smiled. He was close to her now that he could feel the heat comingnfrom her. \"You are so smart and beautiful,\" he whispered as he moved his head closernto hers. He pulled her towards him and she put up no resistance. Then the doorbell rang. Chapter 16 \"Must be the pizza,\" Amber whispered as they broke apart reluctantly.n\"I'll see how much the charge is.\" \"No,\" Stuart said, getting up, still looking in one another's eyes. \"I'llndo it. He got up and walked to the door. \"How much do we owe you?\" he asked opening up the door. He expected thendelivery boy, not a brown haired girl standing there with a pizza in hernhand. \"Hi, \" she said politely, holding out her hand. \"You must be Charlie'snfriend, Stuart.\" \"I might be,\" Stuart asked \"and who might you be?\" \"I'm Patrice, Charlie's friend.\" She peered over the Stuart's shoulder.n\"Is Charlie here? He left a note on the apartment door that he'd be up herenif anyone needed him?\" \"Did someone call for a delivery?\" a voice called from the back. Stuartnsighed. Now there was the pizza boy. Amber stood up now and started toward the door when she heard a voicencoming from the rooftop. \"Stuart, Amber,\" Charlie called from rooftop door, \"you've got to see thisnand you won't believe it. I don't and I am holding it in my hand.\" \"What is it?\" Amber asked, walking toward Charlie. Stuart was now payingnthe delivery boy for the pizza. \"It's a letter from Kate all the way from 1876.\" He was smiling. \" Andnlook, I've got a safe deposit box key,\" he said, holding it up.n\"Apparently she thought..\" \"Hi ya Charlie,\" a voice called from the door, \"forget all about me?\" Charlie looked over and his eyes widened. He smiled. \"Patrice!\" he callednexcitedly. \"You found it after all.\" \"I told you I'd have no difficulty finding this place. Now what aboutn1876?\" \"Pizza's here,\" Stuart called as he carried in the pie. He kicked it closednand set the pizza down on the dining room table next to Patrice's. \"Anyntakers?\" Chapter 17 \"Kate?\" Leopold called, taking out his pocket watch to check the time. Itnwas almost 2:00 and he liked to be early. \"Almost done,\" she called from inside her room. She turned from the mirrornand looked at Kathleen, \"Well?\" she asked her, \"how do I look?\" \"You look lovely, milady,\" Kathleen answered, \"except that you act as ifnyou've never worn a dress before.\" Actually, Kate thought, you are right. I never have worn any of thesendresses before. She turned around to look in the mirror again before shenopened the door. She smiled. She actually loved these dresses and frillynthings and she thought that she fit right in, even if it was her first fullnday in 1876. She would just have to get used to the lack of jeans fornwomen anymore. Suddenly she had a thought. What if Uncle Millard didn't accept her? Thennwhat? She'd come all this way for nothing. Otis said over breakfast that hencould be a bit overbearing and to watch out for his tricky questions. Mostnof them he and Leopold went over and over with her. Now she wasn't so sure what she wanted anymore. Why did she jump off thatngirder? Why did she allow herself to be manipulated by Stuart as she alwaysnhad during the past four years of their relationship? But in the end, shenknew that the only reason that she jumped was to be with Leopold and shenhadn't regretted it. She did love him after all. \"KATE!\" Leopold called again, a little louder this time. \"COMING,\" Kate called out and opened the door. Standing there, waitingnimpatiently, was Leopold. \"Well? What do you guys think?\" Whoops, she thought, where did that onencome from? Otis looked at Leopold, but Leopold ignored her small comment as if henhadn't heard. \"You are beautiful, Kate McKay,\" he said, \"no matter where you are inntime.\" She smiled as Leopold extended his arm and she fit her hand inside it. \"Mynuncle would be a fool to deny me this marriage.\" Kate looked up at him, her eyes wide with fear. \"Leopold, what if hendoesn't accept me and I've come all this way.\" She thought for a while. \"Maybe we can go back, Leopold, maybe it won't bena total loss. All we have to do is jump off that bridge.\" Leopold looked angrily at her. \"Back to where, Kate, to 2001? It's impossible. I don't have Stuart'sncalculations or the proper weather equipment to figure them out. Besides,nwe don't when the portal will reopen or close again. You do realize thatnthe portal Stuart found only opens one day, that of April 28, 1876.\" He looked in her eyes and waited for her to say something, anything, butnKate didn't respond. \"Katherine McKay,\" he whispered smiling, taking her hands in his. \"I willnnever leave you, not now, not ever. What kind of man do you take me for?\" Kate shook her head and the tears began to flow. Leopold reached his handnup to her cheek to dry them, \"I can't do this, Leopold. I can't stand there in front of your uncle andnhave him rip me into little pieces just because I love you.\" Leopold pulled her into his arms. \"We'll find a way Katherine, I promise,nbut as of now, I do not believe he will deny us certain things. He onlynwants my happiness and what is best for me. He knows and understands hownhappy I am that you are here. I'm sure he'll feel the same way.\" \"Your Grace,\" Otis interrupted, \"your uncle is waiting.\" Chapter 18 \"Well,\" Millard said, as Kate and Leopold entered his study, \"sit down,nplease.\" He waited until they both sat down, and then he looked at her. \"So,nKatherine McKay, that is your name, isn't it? In fact, if I remember, yountold everyone last night that you were from the McKay's of Massapequa. Kate nodded. \"Yes, sir,\" she answered. \"The McKay's have always made a homenin Massapequa, since, well, the middle of the seventeen hundreds. Theynalways had a head for business and opened a small general store, which theynhad operated for at least a dozen or so years before they profited by it.nWithin a small amount of time, they became wealthy and sold off some of thenbusiness only to open another store in another part of town. Our familynbought into other holdings as well.\" she began, but Millard had stoppednher. \"So,\" he said, \"I was wrong about the how long the general store was open.\"n He smiled. \"Then you weren't lying. Are they informed of your upcomingnmarriage to my nephew?\" Kate was going to say something, then stopped and looked at Leopold andnturned back to Millard. \"What?\" she asked. \"You mean that's it, that's the whole thing?\" She got up, only to find that her feet wouldn't support her and she droppednto the floor in a faint. ~~~~~ Kate woke sometime later in her darkened room. Leopold was sitting in anchair by the bed watching her. \"Where am I?\" she said, a little confused. \"You're here with me in 1876, Kate,\" Leopold answered. He moved the chairnin closer.n\"You fainted on the way out of my uncle's study. He didn't even have timento finish asking you all those questions.\" He smiled and picked up Kate'snhand. \"We tried the smelling salts, they didn't work. It's the first timenthat I have ever seen a woman faint and the smelling salts not work.\" Kate sat up. \"Did he say anything to you about..\" Leopold laughed. \"He loves you, Kate. You are honest and very candid, tonsay the least. \" \"Does he still want to contact my great, great grandfather?\" Katenwhispered. Leopold shook his head. \"He's been out of touch with the McKay's fornyears. He thinks they may have moved out of New York altogether.\" Kate shook her head. \"No, they stayed in Massapequa all their lives. Onenof my great, great grandfathers, Daniel Joseph, I believe, moved to Bostonnwhen he married one of the Coulter girls, but that didn't last long. ThenCoulter family was split between Boston and New York. Rebecca Coulter wasnstaying with relatives when Daniel was up there on business. They marriednin Boston, but moved back to Massapequa when Sean died of pneumonia atnthirty five.\" \"So my uncle most likely would have been in correspondence with SeannPatrick, not Daniel. You must be his descendant, then.\" \"Yes, he was my great, great grandfather,\" she answered. \"They gave birthnto my great grandfather who married another Coulter woman and gave birth tontwo sons and a daughter, my grandfather, who, of course, gave birth to mynfather, Sean Patrick.\" \"Sean must have been a bachelor all his life for my uncle to have knownnhim.\" \"Yes, \" Kate said, looking a little surprised, \"you are right, he nevernmarried. He was always sickly, according to my grandmother.\" Leopold smiled. \"And the Coulters?\" Kate nodded. \"My family seemed to have always managed to stay together.nFate seemed to have brought us together. It is legend in the McKaynhousehold that Daniel Patrick McKay saved the life of Thomas Coulter whennthe building they were working in caught fire. It was the McKay's firstngeneral store; Thomas had been doing the books for him. Since that time,nthe families have been inseparable.\" \"And I am to assume that Daniel Patrick was your great, great, greatngrandfather.\" Kate nodded and smiled. \"You assume correctly, Your Grace.\" Leopold smiled and stood. \"Don't you ever call me that again, my girl, ornelse.\" \"Or else what?\" Kate giggled as he climbed onto the bed. \"I'll think of something,\" Leopold whispered, sitting next to her. \"AndnI'll take care of it after I finish this.\" He put his arms around her andnbrought her closer to him, kissing her. Chapter 19 \"Amber, wait please. They were wrong, listen to me. Don't jump, wait fornme.\" Stuart jumped up. He was dripping with sweat as he usually did when he hadnthis dream. It was the same dream he had for over a week now. It hadnbegun in the hospital, believe it or not. The first night he was there. Henthought it might have been the surroundings, but it turned out not to be. He looked over at Amber who was sound asleep next to him. Thank God henhadn't woken her. He smiled as he reached out his hand to caress herncheek. He didn't think he could fall in love again after his disastrousnrelationship with Kate, but he found that he could. He couldn't believenthat a gorgeous girl like Amber Coulter could come into his life in such anshort amount of time. She reminded him of Kate in a lot of ways, medium length blond hair, blueneyes and a sunny, yet quirky disposition. The best part, however, was thatnshe loved everything he did. She was so smart; perhaps she was even smarternthan him. Stuart adored her for that. Stuart knew that loving her wasndangerous, she was from the future, but he couldn't help himself. It was after the pizza and everyone had left that it happened. They werenworking on the 2030 portal, the one that was \"screwy\" in Amber's words.nThey were working on the floor because Stuart's desk was too small tonaccommodate both of them. They began to argue; Amber saying that no matternwhat refinements Stuart made the portal still wouldn't work and Stuart keptnsaying it would. So Amber grabbed a slice of left over pizza and flung itnat Stuart. Stuart grabbed a slice and threw it back and then a ticklingnmatch had begun. Stuart got on top of her and tickled her; she tried to get him off. Sonthey began to roll right into the pizza box, getting sauce and cheese allnover them. They both began to laugh. \"Here,\" Stuart said, looking at her face, trying to stop laughing. \"Let menhelp you,\" as he brushed the sauce from her cheek. They had both stoppednlaughing by then.n\"Thanks, Stuart,\" Amber whispered, \"thank you so much for everything,\" shensaid and she sat up a little to give him a short kiss on the lips. \"Amber,\" he whispered, still brushing her cheek. He was looking in herneyes now. \"I love you, you know.\" \"And I love you,\" she said and she brought him down to her lips and theynkissed. They had eventually found themselves in Stuart's double bed,ntheir sauce filled clothes thrown on the floor. Stuart promised them tonwash them in the morning. \"Stuart?\" Amber called, rolling over to his side of the bed. \"Are you allnright?\" \"I'm fine, love,\" he whispered, touching her, \"go back to sleep.nEverything's okay.\" She smiled and rolled over. \"I love you StuartnBesser,\" she said before she fell asleep again. \"And I love you, AmbernCoulter,\" he whispered as he lay down and pulled the covers around him. Henpulled closer, putting his arms around her, finally falling asleep. Chapter 20 Patrice walked out of Kate McKay's old room. She couldn't sleep as usual.nTake her out her own bed and put her somewhere else and it always worked.nShe had to be in her own bed or she couldn't sleep until she got used it,nif she ever got used to it, that is. She walked into the bathroom the bathroom to see if her shirt had driednoff. Bart had dropped a slice of pizza on her new and beautiful whitenshirt. Charlie immediately offered to wash the shirt since they were amongnonly five apartments that contained a washer/dryer combination. Thenproblem with this, she had told him, was that it was hand wash only and youncouldn't dry it in the machine. So Charlie had placed it in the bathroom to dry. Patrice walked over to Charlie's room and looked in. He was sound asleep.nShe sighed and closed the door. He was like no one else she had ever met,nthoughtful and caring, nothing like that boy that she had known for almostnsix months. He had changed and she didn't know why, but she really didn'tncare. She had grown to love him. She decided not to wake Charlie up by turning on the TV, so she decided tontake a self-guided tour of the apartment. There were only two rooms thatnshe hadn't seen, the kitchen, and the living/dining room. She had alreadynlooked into the small kitchen area and entered the dining room where shennoticed something lying on the table. It looked like a letter. Shenreached out for it and pulled Kate's letter closer to read. \"Well, I guess you found out my secret?\" Charlie said as he sat down nextnto her at the table.n\"And what might that be, pray tell?\" she smiled at him. \"That I have a sister who lives in 1876\", Charlie answered, a littlenreluctantly. \"You mean that it's for real?\" Patrice asked him. \"Very much so,\" Charlie answered, looking at her face and into her eyes.n\"She jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge to be with Leo in 1876. You remembernhim, don't you?\" Patrice smiled. \"Of course I remember him, Charlie. He walked into the barnwith you last week. The one who gave us a fabulous walking tour of 'lenLouvre.' They had both said the name of the museum together and smiled at onenanother. \"Is she happy there, do you think, coming from the future and all? I don'tnknow if I could get used to it.\" \"I don't know for sure yet. I know she's opened a safe deposit box for me,nbut I don't know what's in it yet. Care to find out with me tomorrow?\" Patrice smiled. \"Yeah,\" she said to him, \"why not? It's my day offnanyway.\" She looked at him, but Charlie just smiled. \"Anything wrong?\" she asked. \"I miss him, Patrice,\" he answered, \"and I really miss my sister.\" \"You two have something going together?\" Charlie frowned. \"You mean with Leo?\" Patrice nodded. He looked at her. \"What do you mean by that?\" \"Well, you are the nicest guy I've ever met Charlie. You are the first boynin this day and age that would let his girlfriend sleep in his missingnsister's room?\" Charlie smiled. \"Are you implying that I am gay?\" She smiled and nodded. \"Care to prove me wrong?\" she teased. Charlie's smile widened as he crept closer to her. \"Just watch me,\" henlaughed. He took her in his arms and kissed her. Chapter 21 Amber opened her eyes and smiled. Finally, she thought, she had dreamtnabout this moment and it finally happened. This was only a part of thenreason that she had wanted to come back to this time period. It was becausenStuart was here and she had such a crush on him. She didn't know whynreally. Besides the fact that he was brilliant, he was a bum. He didn'tnhave a job nor did he even want one. He was content to live off thenroyalties of his published works, which didn't amount to much, but justnenough to live on. Kate paid a lot of his expenses when they were seeing each other and shencontinued to pick up his bills after they had broken up. This was a goodnthing, but now Kate was gone. She hadn't been gone long enough for him tonnotice the difference, but he would eventually. There wasn't much goingnfor Stuart and she knew it, but it didn't matter to her. Amber didn't turn around; she just stretched out her arm and felt along thenbed for him. Her smile faded and was replaced with a frown. \"Stuart?\" Amber said, turning around. \"Stuart?\" \"Amber, Amber!\" Stuart called running into the bedroom. A smile lit up hisnface. Amber sat up. \"You have to come, Amber, you have to come. \" He reached out his hand andnpractically pulled her off the bed. \"It works, Amber, the portal works.\" \"How do you know, Stuart? Anyway, which portal?\" \"The one to 2030, it's open from May 2nd to the 4th to be exact.\" Amber looked at him. \"May 4th is the day I left, Stuart.\" Stuart shook his head and smiled. \"No, no Amber. You don't understand.nWe have two full days in the future before May 4, midnight to midnight. Indon't know if you realize this, but if you had waited a second longer, thenportal would have closed. You must have arrived the minute that Katenleft.\" \"Are you sure, Stuart? That portal isn't right. It doesn't always work.nAnyway, I didn't come here to return, I came here to be with you. I'venloved you, Stuart, since I first laid eyes on you. But that's not the onlynreason I came here. My grandfather, Stuart, he's crazy, nuts, psycho. Hendoesn't like me fooling around with time travel or leaving him alone. I'mntwenty-eight years old, Stuart. I don't want to go back, I just want tonstay here with you. \" She started to cry and Stuart took her in his arms. \"I love you, Amber,nand I promise I won't let anything happen to you. Please don't worry.nWe'll stay out of sight, I promise. The portal should let us come back ton2001. I've worked it out a few times and we will be able to leave anytimenwe want prior to when you jumped off at 11:56.\" He pushed here away from him and looked in her eyes. \"You understand thatnthere will be two of you, but if you see yourself jumping off the bridge onnMonday, May 4 than you know that the portal will have closed and younshouldn't jump. Remember that, Amber. No matter what happens, I'll benthere.\" \"But Stuart,\" she answered, but she never finished the sentence becausenStuart's lips had silenced hers. Chapter 22 Charlie, Kate's second letter began, this one had been dated April 30,n1876. Leopold took me on a walking tour of New York today. Wow, what andifference. There is no Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor, only onenisland with a star fort on it called Bedloe's. We stopped off at The Bank of New York and opened a safe deposit box innyour name. I hope you get my key; I will stuff everything in it that Inthink you will be interested in, including these letters. We passed the American Museum of Natural History, which is in the samenplace, but doesn't look the same. The Metropolitan Museum of Art does notnexist anywhere near Central Park yet, although the park and the zoo arenthere. The museum does exist, but in this time period it is on 128th Westn74th Street. The New York Public Library doesn't exist; it is presentlynthe Croton Reservoir. There are so many differences between your time andnmine. We went to a newly opened Central Park where we went on the carousel andnvisited the zoo. You'd never believe it, Charlie, but the zoo is sondifferent. All the animals are behind cages, not roaming free. It is sonstrange to see that. We had just finished scrambling up a rock when Leopold requested that I sitndown on the top of it. He got down on one knee, picked up my left hand,nput his mother's ring on my ring finger and proposed to me. Of course mynanswer was yes and he kissed me, Charlie. It was the most beautiful kiss Inhave ever received from any man. \"I have another surprise for you, Katherine,\" he said, helping me up. Henled me to a small church on Fifth Avenue where we were married in a quicknceremony. I don't know what Uncle Millard would say about all of this.nHe's under the impression that we will marry on Saturday in a very privatenceremony. Leopold told me that couldn't wait until then. I am so nervous now, Charlie. We'll have to explain this to Millard andnsee what happens. I have to take speech lessons and learn proper grace andnetiquette in the next few days. Your sister is now a Duchess. Wish me luck. All my love, Kate Chapter 23 \"Well, she's done it,\" Charlie said, putting Kate's second letter down onnthe table. He grinned. \"You don't think that she might actually talknabout her wedding night, do you?\" \"Come on, Charlie,\" she said, laughing, \"be reasonable. No woman wouldnwrite about a thing like that except maybe to a really close friend or in andiary.\" \"Well, we have one right here,\" Charlie said, pulling out of the safendeposit box. One among dozens, he thought as he peered inside the box. Charlie and Patrice had left for the bank earlier that morning. As soonnas they walked through the door, Charlie had asked to see Mr. Stovall fornhelp as he had promised to do. As it all turned out, Mr. Stovall wasneverything he said he was, quiet, polite, helpful and eager to please. Henwas extremely skeptical about Patrice, though, until Charlie told him shenwas his fiancée. \"Whatever you say, Mr. McKay,\" Stovall commented, still staring at Patrice,n\"just taking precautions. Just remember, please be careful with anythingnyou may find within.\" Stovall brought them to the back and removed one of the boxes, number 54 tonbe exact. He placed it on the highly polished wooden table. \"Anynquestions?\" \"Actually,\" Charlie asked, \"I was wondering if I can take anything that Infind of interest home for further study.\" Stovall smiled. \"Whatever you wish to do with the contents of that box isnup to you, Mr. McKay,\" he said. \"Well, if that is all, I wish you goodnafternoon and I hope to see you again.\" He smiled once more, walked to the door, opened it and walked through,nleaving Charlie and Patrice alone. Charlie watched as he left, then turned and walked over to the box. Hentook out the key and placed it in the lock. \"Well,\" he said, looking at Patrice \"here goes.\" He turned the key, threwnopen the top and peered inside. \"Oh my God,\" he exclaimed. \"Well?\" \"You aren't going to believe this, Patrice. Take a look for yourself.\" She stood and peeked into the box. The inside of the box was jam packed with letters and about ten diaries.nUnderneath those were coins and bills from the 19th century, some jewelry,na brush and comb set with a mirror and Leopold's mother's ring. \"Wow,\" was all she said. She looked at Charlie who was already looking atnher. \"There's a lot here, Charlie. What do you want to start off with?\" \"I think,\" Charlie said, \"we'll take these. I've got to take some of thesenletters home, so I'll start with the ones marked 1876, including the diary,nwhich is from 1876 as well.\" \"Shouldn't we be sharing these with Stuart and Amber?\" Charlie looked at her. \"I will, Patrice, just not right now. I want tonread these things for myself.\" He looked at her. \"You have the plasticnbag?\" Patrice nodded. Charlie smiled. \"Good. Let's pack up the stuff marked 1876 and we'll getnout of here.\" Patrice put the bag on the table and packed the letters and diary veryncarefully while Charlie took a last look into the box. He was about tonclose it, when something caught his eye. He smiled as he reached in andnpulled it down. He closed and locked the box, then called over thensecurity guard and asked him to put number 54 back where it came from. Chapter 24 Stuart was frustrated. He had tried all afternoon to find a way to getnback to 2001 from 2030, but there was no way it would work. Amber had beennright; the portal was screwy. It would only open and close at differentntimes during the two days and even that would change. So, if they jumpedninto the future, they couldn't plan on coming back to this time period,nthey would have to wait until 2030 to work on those calculations and theynwould only have two days to do it. Amber would know how, he thought suddenly. She had already done it. Shenknew that that portal was open for two days; she would've jumped the nightnbefore if her grandfather hadn't stopped her. So she knew that she mightnnot be able to get back to her own time and she took a chance and jumpednanyway. Stuart smiled and shook his head. He couldn't get that woman out of hisnmind. He had never felt this way about Kate; not in the entire four yearsnthey had been seeing each other. He loved Amber and he didn't want to losenher. If he had to stay in 2030, then he had to. There was nothing holdingnhim here, except maybe Bart, and there were ways around that problem, too. He felt his stomach grumbling and realized that he hadn't eaten anythingnfor hours. He started to get up when the front door opened. \"Stuart?\" He smiled and got up. \"Amber,\" he called, threw down his pad with hisncalculations on them and ran to the door.n\"What are you doing here?\" he asked her, looking at her watch. \"You stillnhave one more hour to go?\" \"I quit,\" Amber said, sitting down on the couch. She had been crying andnseeing Stuart started her up again. Stuart sat down next to her and took her in his arms. \"What happened?\" Amber pushed away from him. \"It's J.J.\", she said. Stuart nodded. He had heard all those stories before. \"Go on,\" he whispered. \"I went to get a cup of coffee and he followed me in there. He told me Inwas doing a fantastic job and that I reminded him of Kate in a lot of ways.n I laughed and thanked him and started to pour the coffee into my cup, whennhe grabbed the pot and did it for me. He also had taken my advice and hadnbegun to look around for a replacement, but he wanted to make sure that Indidn't want Kate's job permanently. That's when he started to massage mynback and told me that he'd make it worth my while if I stayed. I didn'tneven ask him to explain, Stuart, I just got up and walked out and I refusento go back there.\" She began to cry and Stuart took her in his arms again. \"No, you don'tnhave to go back there, Amber. \" He released her and looked at her. \"Katenused to tell me horror stories about other women that he did this to, nevernher, except when he took her out to dinner that night, the night thatnCharlie and Leopold showed up. Charlie told me last night, Amber. I didn'tnrealize that he would pull the same thing with you. He hardly knows you.\" Amber smiled. \"It doesn't really make a difference. I've completed all ofnKate's work. She didn't have much on her plate anyway and I wanted tonconcentrate on those portals, Stuart. That's where my interest lies now,nnot in marketing research anymore.\" \"You know, there is a way around that portal, Stuart. I should have toldnyou sooner, but we'd have to go back and I really don't want to.\" Stuart frowned. \"What are talking about?\" \"There's a book with all my calculations in it. I forgot to take it withnme, which was a silly thing to do if I needed your advice.\" \"What are you saying, Amber, that there is way to get back to 2001, becausenno matter what I do.\" \"Not sure, Stuart. We'd have to wait until we got back there and get thatnbook. Meantime, I did remember some of what I wrote. Come on, we stillnhave some of the afternoon and evening to come up with something. What donyou say?\" Stuart smiled and gave her a little kiss. He took her hand and pulled hernup from the couch. \"I say I'm starved, Amber. I want to take you out tondinner and I know the perfect place to go.\" \"Wait, hold on,\" Amber said, smiling. \"I need make love to you first.\"nShe took him in her arms and they started to kiss. Chapter 25 \"Here it is, Charlie,\" Patrice called out. \"It's in the diary like Insaid.\" Charlie ran in from the kitchen where he had just prepared dinner. \"The wedding night?\" he asked, handing her the pastrami sandwich that theynpicked up from one of the delis on the way back from the Bank of New York. \"That and a few other things,\" Patrice said and she started reading. Leopold was right; the entry began, as usual. He told me that keeping thisndiary would let out a lot of my frustrations. We've been keeping it innLeopold's hidden drawer outside the main ballroom so his Uncle Millardnwouldn't get his hands on it. Speaking of Uncle Millard, we had to find a way to get into the mansionnwith anyone knowing or seeing. Leopold explained that there are fivenseparate entrances to the house, one from the basement and a servant'snentrance at the back of the house. There are three more hidden walkways;nevery house in this time period had one. He took my hand and we walkednaround the back to the servant's entrance, which led directly to thenkitchen. Luckily, none of the servants were awake and this included Otis. He led me through the kitchen and up a secret stairway known only to thenservants. Basically, this was how the staff moved through the house. Of course, this led to the servant's quarters on the third floor, but sinceneveryone was everyone was asleep and we made it down to the second floornwhere the guest rooms were located. We decided that no one would check my room, and with that idea in mind,nwe'd spend the first night of our marriage in my room and explainneverything to Millard in the morning. \"Watch this,\" Charlie said, looking up at Patrice, \"he's going to wake upnand find them together. Want to bet?\" Patrice just looked at him with a little grin. \"You watch too many movies,nCharlie,\" was all she said, and she continued. After closing the door, Leopold and I laughed. We had gotten away with itnafter all, he wasn't sure we would. It was then he kissed me. It was hard to let go of each other, but wenmanaged to, just long enough to undress. We stood there looking at each other, I can't even remember how long untilnLeopold grabbed me and pulled me close to him. \"You are more beautiful than I could ever imagine, Kate McKay Montbattan,\"nhe whispered and kissed me, gently at first then more intense. I couldnfeel him hard against my body and then I have no idea what happened afternthat until I woke up this morning in his arms. It was the first time in mynentire life that I've ever felt this way. I know now that I am finally innlove. It's a different feeling than I've ever known. It is now 5:30 am and I am sitting in a matching chair that belongs to mynvanity table.nFrom here, I can see Leopold lying on his left side and facing in myndirection. He looks so quiet and peaceful lying there and I find that Incan't keep away from him. \"Is that it?\" Charlie asked, a little stunned,\" There's nothing more?\" Patrice shook her head. \"I haven't found anything.\" \"Well, \" Charlie said, \"I did find something that you might be interestednin seeing.\" Chapter 26 \"How soon can we leave, Stuart?\" Amber asked, excitedly as the two of themnsat in Ben's Deli on 38th Street. \"Hey, now wait a minute,\" Stuart said. \"You told me that you wanted tonstay here.\" Amber shrugged. \"Yeah, I know,\" she said, \"but I feel safe knowing thatnyou're coming with me.\" She smiled and reached across the table for hisnhand.\" Stuart smiled and grabbed her hand and they stared at each other across thentable for several seconds before the waiter brought their pastraminsandwiches. \"I thought that we might do our final calculations and set upna schedule of events that we follow once we get there. We really don'tnhave enough time to test it out. It opens at ten in the morning and closesnfifteen minutes later. Then it will reopen on Friday at midnight and staynopen until eleven fifty nine Sunday night. We will leave as soon as itnopens, go sightseeing, work on our calculations and go see yourngrandfather.\" \"You think it's that easy to see my grandfather?\" Amber asked. She shooknher head. \"I don't know about this, Stuart.\" Stuart squeezed her hand. \"Everything will be fine. We still have time.nYou did figure two days in a row, didn't you?\" Amber shook her head. \"Listen, I also figured I'd be able to follow younback to 2001. That night, when I followed you back to 1876, I worked onnthose calculations and everything pointed to me going back to your time,nbut it didn't work that way, Stuart. I went from 1876 to 2030 withoutnblinking an eye. According to my calculations, that never should havenhappened.\" \"Look,\" Stuart whispered, \"If we get stuck in the future, then we do,nAmber. I love you and there is nothing left for me in this time period atnall except for you and I can't live without you. I want to be with you thenrest of my life, and I don't care where I do it.\" That's when they both noticed that everything had suddenly gone quiet.nThey looked around and noticed that every eye was on them. \"Maybe we should get this stuff to go?\" Stuart whispered, fumbling withnsomething in his pocket. He turned around and called the waiter over. In ten minutes, they were out on the street, with Stuart and Amber laughingnhysterically. \"You've got to stop this, Amber,\" Stuart said. \"You arenmaking me laugh.\" \"I'm sorry, Stuart,\" she said, \"I don't know what came over me. I justncan't believe what you said to me in there, that's all.\" She started to walk away from him, leaving him standing there, staringnafter her. When he realized that she was going to keep walking, he rannafter her. \"Hey, wait a minute,\" he called, catching up with her. He touched hernshoulder and turned her around. \"I said a lot of things in there, which one did you want me to repeat?\" \"The part where you said you loved me,\" Amber answered, moving closerntoward him. Stuart smiled and put his arms around her neck. \"I love you Amber Coulter and I want you with me, always.\" He pulled herncloser and kissed her, long and hard. He pulled away and reached into hisnpocket and pulled out a solitaire diamond ring, surrounded by two sapphirenbaguettes. \"This belonged to my grandmother,\" Stuart said and took her left hand andnslipped it on her ring finger. \"It's been in the family for ages and Inwant to keep it that way.\" Chapter 27 Charlie pulled Kate's letter out of his pocket and opened it up when hennoticed something had fallen out of his pocket. He looked at it, smiled,nand then picked it up and returned it to his pocket. Dear Charlie, the letter began. It's now Friday morning, May 2. We didn'tnget away with not seeing anyone as we had hoped. Uncle Millard had been upnand in his study on the second floor of the house when we ran downstairsnexcited like two little kids about to do something very naughty and hopingnthat they wouldn't get caught. He saw me in my new satin robe as I was returning the diary to the secretndraw. I had just placed it inside when Millard called me in. I reluctantly went inside, not knowing what he would do if he found outnthat we had gotten married without his knowledge. He told me to sit and stared at me for several seconds, smiling broadly. I was a little frightened and very confused. He seemed to sense that andnshook his head. \"Kate,\" he said and while I don't remember exactly what he told me, I willntry to relate as much as I can accurately. \"I know you love my nephew and I know that he loves you. It's the firstntime in a long while that I have ever seen him so happy. It was rightnbefore his mother's death from consumption, when he was fourteen years old.nEdward died of a stroke soon afterward, which didn't help matters.\" Henlooked down, trying to hide his tears, and then he looked up at me again.n\"She was my sister, Kate. Her name had been Katherine, like yours. Shenhad married the Queen's distant cousin, Edward Montbattan, the Duke ofnAlbany*. They were given a home in the English countryside, where theynraised their only son, Leopold. After his parent's death, Edward's titlenwas passed on to him. He was only fifteen when he came to live with mynwife, Millicent and me. We sent him to the Academy for Boys where he grewninto a fine young man who, like many great scientists before him, loved tontinker with things. That's how he came to perfect the elevator, Kate. Mynwife would encourage young Leopold in everything he did, until she diednthree years later.\" \"Leopold missed her and was never the same. He became bitter andnbelligerent, never listening to anything I would tell him. He was alwaysnrebellious, Kate, and still is. I brought him here to New York three yearsnago where I thought he would finally settle down and marry. Leopoldnwanted no part of an arranged marriage and fought me every way he could,nsometimes disappearing for days on end. Leopold finally decided to acceptnthings as they were after we had a small talk until the night you showed upnon our doorstep. \" He stopped then and looked at me, waiting for me to saynsomething, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. He sighed, then stood up from behind his desk and walked over towards me. \"Katherine, my dear, it has been hard for me to accept you, I think younknow that already. I have had long conversations with Otis and some of myncolleagues at the Men's Club. I have observed Leopold's happiness whenevernyou are around and, to be perfectly honest, you have impressed me as well.nI have seen how happy the two of you are together, which made me remembernmy own unhappy marriage. Mine had been arranged Kate, for money, the samenreason that I tried to marry Leopold off. I decided then that I wouldnnever subject my nephew to my fate. And so, the two of you have mynpermission to marry, if you haven't done so already.\" He took a breath andncontinued, his eyes still on me. \"Please take care of him, lovelynKatherine. I have only one favor that ask of you and that is to keep mynnephew happy, something that I could never do.\"nCharlie stopped. He looked up at Patrice who was sitting on the edge ofnher seat, watching him intently. \"Is that it?\" she asked. Charlie shook his head and brought out another piece of paper and smiled. \"Well?\" Patrice asked, teasing. \"Let's hear the rest of it.\" Charlie picked up the letter and continued to read. *Author's Note: The events surrounding Leopold's age and parentage are fictional and arenonly used for purposes of telling this story. The real Leopold, Duke of Albany, was Queen Victoria's seventh son. Henmarried Princess Helena in 1882 and had two children with her, Alice inn1883 and Charles Edward in 1884. Leopold died of hemophilia at age 31 onnMarch 11, 1884 in Cannes. Victoria was the carrier and passed the diseasenon to him who, in turn, passed it on to his two children. Elisha Graves Otis, who patented the design, invented the steam elevator inn1861. Chapter 28 Amber looked down at the ring on her finger and picked her hand up tonexamine it closer. She looked up at Stuart with tears in her eyes. \"I can't accept this,nStuart. This is too much.\" She smiled and tried to remove the ring fromnher finger, but he stopped her. \"No,\" he said, \"I love you and I'll go anywhere to be with you, Amber, evennif it means back to the future.\" Amber looked at him and smiled. \"You are serious, aren't you?\" \"Of course, I'm serious. I couldn't lie to you, Amber.\" Amber smiled and looked down again. \"Stuart,\" she started to say, butnthought better of it. \"Something wrong, Amber?\" \"I should have expected that you would do this, Stuart, I just didn't knownwhere or when.\" Stuart frowned. \"What are you talking about?\" Tears began to flow, but she brushed them away. She smiled and ran to himnas she flung her arms around his neck. \"Marry me, Amber,\" he whispered in her ear. \"Marry me now, tonight. Thisnway, if anything happens, we'll be together.\" Amber smiled. She wasn't going to tell him just yet, she was going tonwait. \"Of course I will, Stuart. I love you very much.\" Chapter 29 \"Page 2\" Charlie looked up and smiled. When he saw Patrice's stern look,nhe stopped smiling and continued to read. \"Charlie, I didn't know what to say, I was absolutely speechless. I guessnI should be happy, mostly because he finally accepted me as his new niecenand what's more, he didn't even check out our great, great grandfather tonsee if he knew who I was. \"Thank you, sir,\" was the only thing that I thought to say, but then Inquickly added more.n \"I intend to do more than make him happy, Uncle, I plan to help bring innsome much needed money around here.\" Millard frowned and looked at me. \"How so?\" he asked. \"I want to market his invention, Uncle,\" I answered, \"I want to put themnin every building in the city of New York and I would like to start on ournlittle project as soon as possible that I am Leopold's new bride.\" That's when he smiled at me and I wondered if something was up. \"Market. This is an interesting sort of word. What do you mean by that,nKate?\" I sat forward in my chair a little. \"Well, market, you know, shop aroundnand get the right deals for the right price. Isn't that what you do at anmarket?\" Millard began to smirk a little as if he were trying to keep a straightnface. \"And you want to do business deals as well with men? Kate, we arennot ready in this time period for someone like you. No man in this day andnage will do any serious business with a woman. Maybe where you come from,nthey do, but..\" And Charlie, that's just when his voice trailed off. He stood up, pullednsomething from his pocket and came around the desk toward me. \"Kate,\" he said, stopping by my chair and sitting down in the chair next tonmine. \"I found this. Can you please explain it to me?\" He held out whatnlooked like a small piece of paper. I took it from his hand, looked at it and gasped. Charlie, you'd nevernbelieve it, not in a thousand years. It was that picture that Stuart tooknthe first time we were both in 1876. I looked at him now a little ashamed of myself and frightened. \"UnclenMillard,\" I said in a very small voice, \"I just don't know what.\" Millard smiled and took the picture from my hand, stood up from the chairnand walked over to the fireplace and threw the picture into the flames. Henturned around and smiled at me and returned to the chair beside me. \"How did you?\" I started to say, but Millard put his hand on my knee,npatted it once and then removed his hand. \"Otis was with me, Kate, when I found it on the floor outside your roomnthis morning. He had given it to my nephew to get rid of it, but apparentlynhe held on to it for his own reasons.\" Now he stood up and walked over tonhis desk, but this time, he stood in front. 'Otis explained everything to me. I still find it a little hard to believenthat he had gone forward in time and met you, but after watching yournactions and listening to some of your words, I can very well believe it.nYou are different, Kate, different from any woman I have ever known. Atnfirst, as I said, I didn't care for it, but now I find it delightful andnrefreshing. You are a breath of fresh air to this moldy old house, Kate,nand I for one, love it. I know that Leopold does.\" \"Know what?\" Millard looked up and I turned around. Leopold was standingnthere Millard looked up. \"Ah, Leopold, just in time. Well, our talk is done,nKate.\" He straightened up and pulled out his pocket watch. \"I have anrendezvous at the Men's Club this afternoon and if I don't get ready, I amngoing to be late.\" He closed the watch and returned it to his pocket. He looked up and he smiled at me, then he turned to his nephew. \"You donlove her, don't you? You want to be with her the rest of your life?\" Leopold looked at his uncle curiously. \"Of course I do, Uncle. Why do younask?\" Millard smiled and shook his head. He told Leopold that there were nonreasons for any of his actions, except one. That he loved the both of usnand wanted to see Leopold happy. \"I hope Father Xavier didn't keep you two that long. Tell me, Leopold, hasnSt. Dominic's changed at all?\" We stared at each other, wondering how Millard knew that we had gottennmarried yesterday. Charlie, doesn't this sound suspicious? It was as ifnhe set the whole thing up to prove that he was telling the truth.\" Then he looked at me. \"Welcome to the family, Kate McKay Montbattan.\"nThen he hugged me, Charlie, kissed me, then walked out the door with Otis,nlaughing as he did so. Chapter 30 Charlie looked up at Patrice. \"Well, that's it. What do think?\" \"Not sure, Charlie. Where did she get those pictures? Why did she bringnthem back with her?\" Charlie shrugged. \"They were Stuart's originally. He took them the day henwent back to 1876. We brought them to her three nights ago, the night shenjumped into the East River. I think she scooped them all up and ran out sonquickly that she forgot that she brought them.\" `'Didn't she get them wet when she jumped into the water?\" \"They were in a plastic bag, Patrice.\" Patrice looked at him. \"Is it true that they only knew each other for anweek?\" Charlie smiled. \"That's it, but Leopold really fell for her, hard and fast.n I think I fell for you the same way.\" Patrice looked at him. \"I had no idea, Charlie. I had some feelings fornyou.\" Charlie frowned. \"You were seeing someone else, Patrice. That guy you livenwith, what's his name?\" \"Philip,\" Patrice said, smiling. \"He's my roommate and he's my oldernbrother as well. He needed some place to crash one night, and he stayed.nI actually don't mind, Charlie, he helps me pay the rent.\" Charlie's eyes widened and tried not to smile. \"You mean that every timenall of us ended up at your apartment, it was your brother who would joinnus?\" Patrice nodded her head. \"Did you ever see him kiss me, Charlie? That'snwhy I gave Leo my number that night. I had to explain to you in some waynthat I was not engaged, that I didn't even have a boyfriend.\" Charlie looked at her with a goofy grin, something she never noticed beforenin the four months that they knew each other. \"Charlie? What's up?\" He sat straight up, moved closer and reached into his pocket. \"Patrice, Inwas wondering if you would be willing to, well, accept this ring. It wasnmy sister's; she left it for me in that safe deposit box. It was Leo'snmothers ring.\" Patrice watched as he slipped it on her finger. She looked up at him. \"This was your sister's ring? Charlie, it'snlovely.\" \"She left it for me, Patrice, and I want you to have it.\" She shook her head, her tears flowing down her cheeks. \"Charlie, I'm notnready.\" Charlie smiled and put his hand over hers. \"Take your time, Patrice.nThink about it. It can be a month or a year from now; I want you to bensure. If you decide yes, that will be the greatest news. If you decidenno, well, you can give me the ring back if you want and we'll call itnquits. Fair deal?\" \"Charlie,\" Patrice said, \"Oh Charlie.\" She began to cry. Charlie movedncloser and reached up to her cheek and brushed the tears from it. \"What's wrong, Patrice. I'll understand, believe me.\" Patrice shook her head and smiled through her tears. \"No, Charlie, it'snnot you. No one ever asked me to marry them before and I just need somentime to figure this all out. But there's one thing I want you to know,nCharlie, and that is that I love you.\" Charlie smiled; this was almost too good to be true. \"And I love you, Patrice, I think I always have. I never expected that younwould give me the right time of day.\" She smiled. \"You surprised me, Charlie. I never realized how much of angentleman you turned out to be. And I never thought that I would ever fallnfor anyone.\" \"Leo rubbed off a little on me. Sometimes I miss him, Patrice.\" \"Yep, you've changed so much since I first met you, Charlie. You are antotally different person.\" And she leaned over and kissed him hard on the mouth. \"Charlie, we have some great news to share with you.\" Chapter 31 Charlie and Patrice turned toward the sound of the voice. \"Stuart?\"nCharlie asked, standing up. \"Yeah, Charlie, it's me, and my wife.\" Charlie left Patrice on the couch and walked forward. \"Your what?\" \"My wife,\" Stuart said. He was surprised how funny it sounded. He wasngoing to have to get used to it. Charlie walked over to the two of them. He was smiling. \"Married already?nWell, that was fast, wasn't it?\" Stuart smiled. \"There's a reason, Charlie,\" he said, \"that's why we'renhere. We're going to be leaving and I don't know if we are coming back.\"n\"Where will you be going?\" Patrice asked, coming up from behind Charlie. Stuart looked at the two of them. You'll never believe me,\" he replied. Charlie smiled slightly. \"Don't tell me you found another portal.\" \"I didn't,\" Stuart said, putting his arm around Amber, \"she did.\" \"Portal?\" Patrice asked, a little stunned. She looked at Charlie. \"A portal is an opening in time, Patrice,\" Amber told her. \"I've beennworking with some of Stuart's calculations and there's a lot of them innEast River, not just one.\" \"There's one that goes to the 20's, Charlie,\" Stuart said, excitedly. \"Andnanother goes to the 1700's.\" \"And,\" Amber continued, \"there's one that goes forward to my time, 2030,nbut it's screwy. That's why we need your help.\" Charlie looked at Patrice who was already staring at him. \"Screwy, what donyou mean screwy?\" \"Well, Charlie,\" Stuart said, \"We know when the one to 2030 opens, but wenhave no idea when it closes or if we can get back to 2001. It's a trickynsituation.\" \"But Amber came from the future through the portal.\" \"Yes, Charlie, it's true. You see, I followed Stuart when he first jumpednoff the bridge to 1876, but when I tried to return to 2001, it sent me backnto my own time. That's not how I had calculated it.\" \"Whoa,\" Patrice exclaimed, \"Wait a minute.\" She turned to Charlie. \"Younhave a sister who jumped back in time and you have a friend who.\" \"Relative, Patrice,\" Amber said, looking at Patrice. \"Charlie is my firstncousin once removed.\" \"WHAT?\" Charlie looked at her, apparently in shock. He turned to Stuart.n\"Did you know about this?\" Stuart looked at him, nodding his head. \"Yes, Charlie, she told me.\" \"And I was going to tell you, Charlie, it's just that.\" \"Hold it,\" Charlie said, \"I should have realized this two days ago. Yournlast name is Coulter, my mother's side of the family. How are younrelated?\" Amber looked at him. \"I'm Kelly Coulter's daughter, Charlie.\" Chapter 32 \"Kelly is Mark and Eileen Coulter's daughter, my cousin,\" Charlie said,nexplaining to Patrice. \"Uncle Mark punished himself for believing that henignored his wife and is punishing Kelly for it.\" He looked up at Amber.n\"Then Mark must be your.\" \"My grandfather, Charlie, he's been torturing me to death for years andnmaking me feel guilty on top of it.\" Charlie frowned. \"Making you feel guilty? In what way?\" \"He wants me to stay with him, Charlie. He doesn't want me to havenboyfriends or get married. He always discouraged them. This is why I wasnagainst marrying Stuart in the first place.\" \"But I insisted,\" Stuart chimed in. He placed his arms around Amber'snwaist and pulled her closer to him. \"I couldn't live without her, Charlie.nShe's everything I was hoping Kate would be and then some.\" \"No wonder,\" Charlie laughed, \"that you were so much like my sister.\" They all began to laugh except for Patrice, who was still a littlenconfused. \"Wait a minute,\" Charlie laughed and walked toward Stuart. He embraced himnand patted him on the back before he released him. Charlie took hold ofnStuart's hand and shook it. \"Welcome to the family, Stuart. You finallynmade it.\" Amber laughed along with the rest of them as Charlie came over to embracenher. She was about to let him go when she caught Patrice looking at her. \"Look at that ring,\" Amber said, practically pushing Charlie away andnwalked over to her. She picked up Patrice's hand and stared at it. \"Thisnis beautiful, where on earth did you get such a beautiful thing?\" Patrice was about to answer when Charlie did it for her, \"It was Kate'snring, Amber. She left it for me. It was Leo's mother's ring.\" Stuart smiled. \"Charlie, I had no idea. I hope the two of you..\" \"Wait, just a minute,\" Patrice stopped him. \"We are not engaged and we arennot getting married so quickly. I told Charlie that I wasn't ready for allnthis yet. I need some time to think about it.\" She turned to Charlie.n\"That's what we agreed on, wasn't it? Wasn't it? Tell them, Charlie.\" Charlie looked over at her. He had a confused look on his face as henturned to Amber and Stuart. He was just about to open his mouth, when henheard Patrice's voice. \"You know something, Charlie? I just realized that you're whole family isnscrewed up. Your sister jumping off the Brooklyn Bridge to get to the pastnand now the two of you are jumping off to go into the future? \" She turnedntoward him. \"I don't know why I thought you changed, Charlie. You're thensame old clown as you were five months ago and I don't need more clowns innmy life. I have enough craziness going on. I don't need to share someonenelse's.\" She turned and walked back to the couch. She grabbed her coatnand walked through the door, slamming it behind her. Charlie looked as if he were going into a panic. He looked at Stuart andnAmber, then ran for the door. \"Patrice, wait,\" Charlie called, running down the hallway to the stairs.nHe said it so loud that Amber and Stuart heard him with the door closed. Chapter 33 Amber couldn't sleep. She looked down at Stuart next to her and smiled.nShe was going to love being married to him. He was the inspiration behindnall this work on the portals. If it weren't for Stuart, she'd never benhere. She got up from the couch and looked around. They were still in Kate'snapartment and she was still waiting for Charlie to show up. She walked outnonto the roof and looked out at the New York of 2001. It was differentnand jarring at first, but as time went on, she's gotten used to it more andnmore. In a way, Patrice was right. What were they doing? Maybe it was ancrazy stunt to pull. Maybe she really just ought to... \"Still here, are you?\" Amber turned around and a little sad smile formed on her lips. She shooknher head. \"Sorry, Charlie, I didn't mean.\" Charlie shook his head. \"No, no, Amber. Don't concern yourself. I don'tnthink we were really meant for each other anyway.\" He smiled. \"Familyntradition. I'll have to marry a Coulter woman.\" \"You'd have to find one that wasn't a relative,\" Amber smiled, \"especiallynyour first cousin. Isn't that against the law?\" Charlie smiled. \"Well, I didn't mean you and you're married already. \" Henlaughed. \"Well, one good thing, she didn't give me back the ring.\" They both laughed at that, then Amber started to reach into her front jeannpocket. She pulled out a medium sized wallet; thin enough to put into yournpocket and wide enough to keep lots of stuff in. Charlie marveled at itnwhen she pulled it out. \"Something from the future, I assume?\" Amber nodded. \"How did you ever guess?\" she said as she pulled threenpapers out. She handed them to Charlie. \"I've been carrying these aroundnwith me for ages and I never knew why. I shouldn't really be showing younthese.\" Charlie took them and stared intently at them. In one of them stood a man and woman dressed in wedding clothes. On eithernside of the couple were people that he had never seen before in his life,nbut he did recognize three others in the picture. \"That's me and Patrice,\" he said, looking up at her, smiling. \"And thatnis, \" Amber nodded, smiling. \"Me,\" she whispered. \"I was four years old when younand Patrice got married. Patrice just thought I was the cutest blondnhaired child she ever saw and had to have me as her flower girl.\" Charlie smiled and shook his head as he reached for the next picture. Itnwas Patrice holding a tiny baby. \"Your first born, Charlie,\" she said. \"You named her Katherine Eileen.\"nCharlie looked up at her. \"You'll have two more children,\" Amber said,n\"two more boys. Katy was the only girl.\" The next image was of Charlie sitting with his arm around Amber'snshoulders, pulling her close to him. \"That last picture,\" Amber said, \"wasn't taken all that long ago. It was inna nightclub that you were appearing at. We all went to see you that night,nincluding Grandfather.\" She sighed. \" I shouldn't be telling you all this,nCharlie. No one should know too much about his or her own future, youncould change the course of your own destiny.\" \"Which means?\" Amber smiled. \"You know damn well what I'm talking about, Charlie. Nownyou know you should go after her. You know where she lives.\" \"Yes, Amber, you're right. I think I will, but I need to ask a questionnfirst.\" Amber looked at him. \"What is it you'd like to know?\" \"If you stayed here,\" Charlie asked, smiling, \"in this time period, wouldnyou still be the flower girl at my wedding?\" Amber smiled and shook her head. \"Of course, I will be, I'll still benborn. As long as I don't interfere with my mother's pregnancy next year,nI'll be fine. There'll be two of me though.\" Charlie laughed. \"Well, then, how do you explain the two of you at mynwedding?\" \"I suppose we'll worry about that when the time comes,\" Amber answered,nlaughing with him. They fell into each other's arms. \"After her already, Charlie?\" Charlie and Amber broke apart. \"Come on, Stuart, she's my first cousin.\" \"And anyway,\" Amber said, \"He's got somewhere to go.\" Charlie looked at her, a funny smile on his face. \"You are so much like mynsister, Amber. I'll miss you when you go.\" He turned to Stuart. \"Take care of her, cuz.\" He embraced Stuart and letnhim go. \"You better not disappoint me because when I get to 2030, I'llnlook the two of you up and if I find that you hurt this wonderful girl..\" \"Go, Charlie,\" Amber said, \"Go and get Patrice.\" Charlie looked back at his cousin. \"Thanks for all your help, Amber.\" He embraced her again and then releasednher. He made his way to the stairs, but turned around at the last minute. \"Hey,\" he called to Amber, \"I still have your pictures.\" \"Keep them, Charlie, those are copies. Don't worry about anything.\" Charlie smiled and shook his head. \"Thought of everything, didn't you?\" Amber nodded. \"Go, will you?\" \"Leaving right this minute,\" Charlie answered her. \"Have a good trip, thentwo of you. I love you both.\" He smiled at them and turned back towardnthe stairs. It was the last time that either of them would see him, atnleast in this time period. Chapter 34 Charlie ran down the fire escape so quickly that he thought he would losenhis footing and fall. When he reached the street, he stopped and lookednaround, first left and then to the right. He decided he would go left,ntowards Patrice's apartment when he heard someone calling him. He turnednquickly to find Patrice standing in back of him. \"Charlie,\" she said, \"I am.\" But Charlie never let her finish. He swept her up in his arms and kissednher as if he had never kissed her before. When they had come up for air,nshe looked at him, almost forgetting where they were. \"Charlie,\" she repeated, \"listen, I.\" \"No,\" Charlie said, taking her hands into his. \"I was wrong, Patrice. Inshould never have expected you to accept all this. I should have realizednthat my whole family situation would sound really strange to you. I meannit has to me. I never expected that Leo would enter my life and make suchnan impact on my immediate family and me. I should have never.\" Patrice held her finger up to his lips and smiled. \"I should have realizednthat already, Charlie. I've met Leo and you've been talking about Stuartnand his time travel stuff non-stop for all the months I've known you. Inguess Amber was the surprise. I never expected anyone to travel back inntime from the future. That's where they're going, isn't it? You know,nStuart and Amber?\" Charlie nodded. \"I guess they decided they had some urgent business toncomplete in the future. He tells me that they are coming back, at leastnAmber wants to. Stuart says that.\" Patrice put the finger back again. \"Answer me one question, Charlie. Arenyou planning on time travel any time soon?\" Charlie smiled and shook his head. \"No, I don't plan on going anywhere. Indo have that acting job coming up and I.\" He stopped and looked into herneyes. \"Why do you want to know?\" Patrice smiled. \"I'll need somewhere to live. Seems that I got used tonliving with someone else for two nights and I liked the arrangement.\" \"What?\" Charlie asked, his eyes narrowing. \"Well, it's like this. I missed you, Charlie. I missed you and your jokesnand your smiling face. I didn't want to go back to my apartment, so I tooknthe pedestrian walkway up the Brooklyn Bridge to that girder you, Stuartnand Amber are always talking about. \" Charlie shook his head. \"At this time of morning? Patrice, we shouldn'tneven be out.\" She put her finger back to his lips. \"Well, that's when I realized that Instill had your ring on my finger. I looked down at it, then at the girdernremembering where it had come from. My original thought was to give itnback, but I got to thinking why your sister had jumped off the bridge innthe first place. Kate gave up her time period for Leopold and now Stuartnis giving up his time period for Amber. And I want to give my time to you,nCharlie. I don't want you doing something crazy like.\" \"Like what? Jump off the bridge to see my sister in the past or visit myncousins in the future? \" Charlie smiled and shook his head. \"Never happen.n I have too much to do in this time period. I do not feel the need to gonanywhere else right now. Not without you, anyway.\" Patrice smiled. \"I love you, Charlie, I just wanted you to know that.\" \"And I love you, Patrice.\" Charlie whispered. He took her into his armsnand kissed her, gently this time. She pushed him away again, a smile on her face. \"Maybe we can continuenthis upstairs? I think I would feel a little more comfortable.\" Charlie laughed. \"That's just what I was thinking.\" He held out his armnand Patrice put her arm through his. \"Come, my lady, we have much tondiscuss.\" And the two of them headed arm in arm into the lobby.\" Chapter 35 \"I think we're about ready,\" Amber called out as she packed up a handful ofnKate's modern clothes that Charlie had lent her when she first arrived inn2001. \"I'll come back for them eventually,\" she told Charlie that firstnnight, even though she only took a few things. She figured once she gotnback to 2030, she'd sell them all to the thrift shop down the block.nEveryone was crazy about old clothes of this period and these were perfect. \"Almost,\" Stuart called out. \"I've got my equipment and my calculations.nI've never jumped with all this stuff before.\" He looked at the overstuffednknapsack, picked it up and placed it on his back. \"Boy, is this heavy,\" hencommented, mostly to himself. \"I hope I can get it all to work.\" Amber smiled. \"I made it here from the future, didn't I?\" She pointed atnher own overstuffed knapsack. Stuart smiled and kissed her lightly on the lips. \"That you did.\" Henstraightened out the sack. \"I'm ready. Let's go.\" And so they made their way toward the pedestrian walkway of the BrooklynnBridge and toward the site of the other portal, the one to 2030. It wasnlocated not that far from the 1876 portal and it wasn't necessary to walknacross the girder to get there. Stuart looked at Amber and took her hand innhis. She looked back at him, smiling, and gripped his hand tightly. Theynstood that way for a moment before they stepped over the wire onto thenouter edge of the bridge. Stuart looked out over the East River and noticed that the wind had pickednup slightly. His eyes traveled from the shore of Brooklyn to his left,nscanning over the water onto the Manhattan side, most notably South StreetnSeaport, the building on Pier 17 lit up brightly as usual. Suddenly, he was frightened. He was leaving everything he knew behind andntaking this chance that he wouldn't be returning to the New York of 2001. \"Stuart?\" He heard her voice calling out his name, but it was far away andnfaint as if in a dream. \"Are you alright?\" He turned his gaze toward Amber who had been staring at him, waiting fornhim to answer. She was so beautiful, he thought in that instant, the windnblowing her blond hair away from her face. \"Yes, Amber, I'm fine.\" He couldn't believe that he felt tears welling upnin his eyes. \"Ready?\" he asked. Amber smiled. \"Ready,\" she said, gripping his hand even tighter. What wasnwrong now? She'd done this before and by herself. What made this time sondifferent? They stared at each other once more before turning their eyes downwardntoward the water. It was that moment that they jumped, Stuart's mind a blank, forgettingnabout everything else except that they were doing this together and thatnthey would be facing the future and every obstacle that life would throw atnthem. And he would be ready, as long as she was by his side. Chapter 36 Three of Kate's letters lay on the coffee table where Charlie had placednthem. They had read all three of them together before both of them got lostnin each other. Patrice couldn't believe how much the two were in love andnthat Kate had been willing to sacrifice her whole modern life for annineteenth century duke. She sat down on the couch and picked up one of those letters. She wanted tonread it again, those beautiful words all linked together in sentences andnparagraphs. Those words haunted her and kept her awake long after Charlienhad gone to sleep. Charlie, the letter began as usual I suppose you read the letter about Uncle Millard's acceptance of me. Henknows that I am from the future, although he doesn't really know what year.nLeopold was reluctant to answer and on his advice, I haven't either. Hentold me to give it a few days, that you couldn't believe everything thatnMillard says. It doesn't seem to bother Leopold though. Last night, I wasn't able to sleep and on waking, I noticed that Leopoldnwas not in our bed. I hurried out of the room to find him staring out thenwindow. \"Come Katherine,\" he said, holding out my nightgown jacket. \"I could use annearly morning stroll.\" I stared out him. \"Leopold, it's.\" \"Three in the morning, I know.\" He smiled and held the jacket open for mento slip into. He held the door open for me and we walked out onto the street. Leopoldnjust closed the door; he didn't even bother to lock it. Let me tell you,nCharlie, it was so strange. Three in the morning and the streets were emptynand quiet as a little mouse. I have never seen New York like this. It was beautiful as we walked in silence. I looked up at the sky and youncould actually see the stars, Charlie. It was breathtaking. Just think ofna planetarium and you've got the idea. We walked until we reached a small park with some benches and beautifulngardens. The flowers and bushes were so lovely that I left him for a bitnand walked over to admire them. He called my name and I turned around so fast that I almost bumped intonhim. Leopold had followed me over and was standing right in back of me.nHe smiled at me, took my hand and wrapped it around his elbow. \"I'm frightened, Kate,\" he said, squeezing my hand. \"Of what?\" Then he explained that at least one of Millard's colleagues was interestingnin installing his invention in his department store. He wanted to come tonthe house to meet with Leopold and negotiate terms and conditions with him,nbut Leopold put him off because of nerves. \"It's not like me to be insecure,\" Leopold said, looking at her, \"but fornsome reason I panicked.\" He explained that he wanted my expertise on this. He set up anothernmeeting for tomorrow and he wanted me to be there with him. I don'tnexactly know what role he'll want me to play, Charlie. In this century,nmen do not do any sort of serious business with women. I did remind him of that fact, but he held his hands up and shook his head.n \"I know all about that, Kate, but I have an idea,\" he said, \"at least hearnme out. \" Patrice yawned and put the letter down on the table, knocking the remainingnpapers to the floor. As she picked them up, she noticed three photographsnon the floor and picked them up. She gasped as she looked through them one by one. The one that held herninterest though was the one of Charlie looking over at Patrice in anhospital bed as she held up a tiny baby to the camera. She smiled. So they would get married and have a baby, maybe two if shencould. Patrice had always at least two or three children. She looked down at the pictures and shook her head, still smiling. Shenpicked up the rest of the papers from the floor and placed the pictures onntop of them. She'd finish the letter and confront Charlie with thenpictures in the morning. Chapter 37 Stuart broke the surface first. He had become separated from Amber as theynhit the water. He kept himself afloat as he looked around, first to thenBrooklyn shore on his left to the Manhattan side on his right. He searchednfor the familiar lights of the Pier 17 building, but he couldn't see them.nHe wasn't sure if it was the fog and rain that hit him in the face or thatnthe building didn't exist anymore. He had no time to worry about that right now anyway. \"Amber?\" he asked first, very slowly and cautiously. \"Amber, where arenyou?\" Well, Stuart thought, it was obvious she wasn't here, but wherencould she have gone? She's done this before. \"Stuart, over here,\" he heard a voice cry out. He turned toward thenManhattan side again and sure enough he saw here standing on the shoreline,nwaving her arms so that he could see her. A delighted smile lit up hisnface and he swam toward shore as fast as his arms and legs could carry him. \"You scared me, I thought I lost you,\" he said, climbing out of the waternand putting his arms around his new bride. He smiled. \"Some way to spendna honeymoon, don't you think?\" Amber smiled and kissed him lightly on the lips. \"Come on, I'll show younaround.\" Stuart released her quickly and looked around, frowning. \"You mean we'renhere? This is it?\" \"Can't you see the difference?\" she asked, searching his eyes. When Stuartnshook his head, she took his hand and placed it in hers. \"Come along, Stuart, you are going to get an education that you will nevernforget.\" As Stuart let himself be dragged along, he couldn't help but think aboutnthat Tuesday when Leopold first woke up on his couch. Well, now he couldnimagine how Leo had felt the first time he had confronted him. Stuart feltnstrange and disoriented, but giddy and excited at the same time. It was annew world and another time period. He found that he was curious andnanxious to discover this new place. The first place that Amber showed him was a partially burned out apartmentnbuilding. \"Look familiar?\" was all she asked. Stuart stared up at it, then looked at Amber shaking his head. \"You werentelling the truth, weren't you? Something about this part of this citynchanging for the worst?\" Amber's smile widened. \"You haven't seen anything yet.\" She took his handnagain and led him up the fire escape steps. When she reached the thirdnfloor, she let go of Stuart's hand and walked straight ahead until shenreached a door. Stuart began to follow, then held back as he realized where he was. \"Thisnis my apartment, isn't it?\" \"It was your apartment, Stuart, a long time ago. Now it's just a burnednout hole, one in which I live and work sometimes, my escape from myngrandfather. I wasn't allowed to do my calculations at home, remember?\" Chapter 38 The letter continued: His idea was to market this campaign together. Leopold will help me withnthe research while I write out a small paper explaining the pros and consnof investing in an elevator for your department store or office building. Meanwhile, since they don't take women seriously in this day and age, Inwill coach him on how to sell his product. I will be there for him if onlynin the background. Leopold wants this to be success. He wants to prove tonhis uncle that there are other ways to make money aside from marrying thenrichest girl in New York State. I know what you're thinking, Charlie. You know as well as I do that hisninvention will take off, but right now we have to promote this idea andnconvince the public to accept this. We have a lot of work to do if we arento make this success that we of the future know that it is. A loud knock on the front door surprised both Charlie and Patrice. \"Are you expecting anyone?\" Patrice asked. Charlie shook his head and smiled. \"Now you know the answer to that,nPatrice.\" He was about to kiss her when another knock came, harder thisntime. Charlie shook his head, stood up and made his way to the door. \"Where is she, Charlie?\" J.J. spat out the words as he stood in thendoorway. Charlie tried to hide a smirk. Behind him, he heard Patrice as she movedna little closer. \"Geez, J.J., not even a hello, how are you?\" \"Where is she, Charlie?\" J.J. repeated, trying to get past Charlie. \"Where is who, J.J.? I thought that we explained to you.\" \"Amber Coulter, Charlie. Where the hell is she?\" Charlie looked at him, a little stunned. \"Amber?\" he asked as if he hadn'tnthe slightest idea who he was talking about. \"Don't play dumb with me, Charlie. I know that you know where they are.nYou and your girlfriend over there.\" \"Fiancée,\" Patrice answered, frowning, walking toward Charlie and puttingnher hand in his. \"I have no idea who you are talking about and what'snworse is that I've never seen you before. Who are you anyway?\" Charlie looked at Patrice with a funny smile on his face. He squeezed hernhand tightly and she squeezed back.n\"Fiancée, huh? Listen, Charlie, I.\" \"No, J.J., you listen. You have two minutes to leave this doorstep beforenI call the police. There is no reason for you to be here criticizing andnasking questions about my family or my friends.\" \"I just wanted to speak to Amber, that's all. Is she here?\" \"No, J.J., she's gone. She just got married and she's off on her honeymoonnand that's more than you deserve to know.\" Charlie looked at him. \"Now ifnyou'll excuse me, I've got some catching up to do myself, so why don't yountake the hint and get the hell out of here.\" He turned his attention tonPatrice, but not before stretching out his right arm and slamming the frontndoor right in J.J's face. Chapter 39 Stuart couldn't get over that this was still his apartment. Ambernexplained that Charlie and Patrice taken care of all the maintenance andnexpenses on his apartment just in case he would return sometime. \"Just like in the movie, The Time Machine,\" Charlie had explained to hernone afternoon. Stuart just stared at her. \"You mean I just.\" Amber smiled and nodded her head. \"You were experimenting with one of thenportals, Stuart and you just disappeared one afternoon.\" Stuart stared at her and moved closer. \"You knew that? You knew that allnthe time, didn't you?\" Amber picked up her arms and put them around his neck. \"I am from thenfuture, you know. The funny thing is that I haven't seen you around herenat all. Not in this building anyway.\" \"Amber, I was wondering.\" but at that point Amber pulled him closer and henforgot everything he wanted to ask. Now, here he was in the middle of night, walking around the apartment thatnhe just left this morning. There were several things missing. One of themnwas his television set; the other was his CD player/radio/turntablencombination. Bart and the barrier fence keeping him inside the kitchennwere gone. In fact, it was so much neater this way. Amber really had donenwonders with this place considering that it was just a shell at this point.n There was no electricity; she only worked here in the daylight hours. Ifnshe remained here after dark, she would have to turn on her pocketnflashlight to do her calculations. She had discovered a paper of his here, used his calculations to figure outnthe portal to 2001. So she experimented and took two trips back in time tonmeet him, but was too nervous to say anything until the night he andnCharlie stopped her by the bridge. Now everything was complete, at least with their relationship. They hadnbeen holed up here for a day and a half trying to figure out that 2001nportal and were getting nowhere with it. He remembered that Amber had toldnhim that she had kept all her calculations in a small book, which is whynthey returned here to this time period in the first place. \"Stuart, it's not here. I thought it would be, but it's not.\" \"I thought you said that you left it here.\" She walked out into the light of the living room. \"When I said I left itnhere, I meant in this time period. I was hoping it would have been in yournapartment, but I wasn't sure. It has to be at my grandfather's apartment.nI'm going to have to go back there. We don't have too much time either.\" \"What are you talking about, Amber. We have a day and a half left.\" Amber smiled. \"I suppose you're right. We have some time left and I'mnreally not that anxious to see my grandfather. \" \"How far do you live from here?\" Stuart asked. Amber smiled. \"Not all that far, I'll take you there when it's daylight.nWe are going to have to coordinate times and stuff. I do remember comingnhere the day before I jumped off the bridge to hide from the grandfather,nbut he followed me here. Not to this apartment, just to the building. Innever made it up here that day, so I'm not exactly sure what happened,nbut.\" Suddenly, there were footsteps in the hallway. Stuart looked at her, butnshe held a finger up to her lips and shook her head. They barely had time to hide as they heard the front door open. Chapter 40 Well, Charlie, you'd never believe this, but we have two extremelyninterested clients. One of them is a small store here in the city andnanother is the new hotel out in my hometown of Massapequa. Leopold and Inwill drive out that way tomorrow. It will take about two days to get outnthere with Millard's private coach, but we have set up a meeting for nextnMonday. I will look for our great, great grandfather's store and let younknow what It looks like and what I find. Funny thing about all this, I am absolutely fascinated with this timenperiod, even though the roles for women are greatly reduced. I miss you,nbut I do not miss the 21st century. I love Leopold and he adores me. Millard knows the truth and he hasnaccepted me, even though Leopold tells me that I can't trust him, but fornsome reason that doesn't upset me. Leopold is the man that I have beennwaiting for all my life. We were made for each other and I am glad we havenfound each other. Thank Stuart for me and tell him that I am glad that henfound me that night and handed me those photos. Someday, I hope to see you again. Leopold told me that if there is onentime portal in the East River, there are bound to be others. Someone withnStuart's genius would be able to figure out where they were and he was surenthat someday we'd all be traveling in time. Whether this is true or notnwill be very interesting. Until that time, however, I hope you and Patricen(that's who Leopold told me you were seeing) are happy together. Meantime, I will keep writing and leaving these letters in the safe depositnbox that I have opened for you. Kate. \"Well,\" Charlie said, putting down Kate's third letter. \" We all know thatnthey were successful. I had no idea my sister would make such a bigndifference in history.\" \"Well, she did go back.\" Patrice said. \"She would have wanted to getninvolved with any project he might undertake.\" Charlie shook his head. \"That's just her job, Patrice. She knew exactlynwhat she was doing, no matter J.J. did to her.\" He sighed and continued. \"I can't believe that he lost his job at GRG,\" Charlie said, looking atnPatrice after they had watched J.J. walk out of the apartment building ontonthe street. \"Who is he, Charlie? I mean, I hate to be rude, but.\" \"No, I'll tell you. He was Kate's boss while she worked at CRG. Henrecommended her for the promotion to Vice President the night shendisappeared. He took a lot of flack over that. He took advantage of Ambernand she walked out on him I don't really know what happened after that,nexcept that Kate had dropped hints long before Amber that he was doing thisnwith other women. That's why the turnover was so great in that department.n Maybe the rest of the company found out what he was doing and finally gotnrid of him. That's all I can think of, Patrice. I don't really know.\" \"Well, I guess, we'll probably never know, will we?\" Patrice whispered.nShe put her arms around his neck. \"Charlie, I need to ask you something?\" \"Sure, Patrice, what's the question?\" \"These pictures,\" she asked, picking them up off the table. \"Where didnthey come from? I suppose they belong to Amber.\" \"Yes, it's true,\" Charlie said. \"They are from the future.\" \"So this means that we.\" Charlie smiled and shook his head. \"No, Patrice, no one should know toonmuch about his own future. It can be changed. So far if everything goesnaccording to plan, we will get married in five years or at least make itnpublic.\" Patrice looked at him. \"You might be right, Charlie, but let's just takenone thing at a time.\" Chapter 41 \"I can't believe it,\" Amber said, looking at Stuart. \"He knew where I wasnall along.\" \"Come on, Amber, don't blame yourself. You didn't know.\" \"Well, I should have. It's no wonder those calculations were screwy.nGrandfather's been changing all of my figures without me knowing it. \" Shenpicked up the piece of paper with the latest calculations on it, the onesnthat they had been working on for the last day and half and threw it backndown on the floor. \"We can't use them now, all that hard work.\" Stuart looked at her a little confused. \"Amber, I don't know about this.nI worked on those calculations myself and I still couldn't get the portalnto work.\" Amber looked at him and shook her head, a frown appearing on her face.nThen all of a sudden, her face began to brighten. \"Stuart, you were using my original calculations, which, as we havendiscovered, were tampered with. I am sure my books have been changed asnwell, so we are going to have to get some new numbers.\" Stuart brightened, then nodded. \"I did bring the equipment with me. Withnthat, it wouldn't take more than a few hours to figure out. I'm almostnsure of it.\" And so the two of them worked very closely together, figuring out andncorrecting each calculation for all the sites that Amber worked on. Stuartnwas insistent on experimenting with these calculations, but Amber arguednthat there wasn't enough time, that whatever was going to happen wouldnhappen and this is what they had to face. They fell asleep sometime before dawn and awoke in the late afternoon.nThey made love and ordered in a pizza before they decided to venturenoutside. Amber wouldn't go, she said something was annoying her and shendidn't want to leave the room. Stuart urged her to test out the portalnbefore they left for good and she agreed to go a little reluctantly. Itnwas a lot later now; it looked as if it might be nine at night. They leftnthrough the roof door down the fire escape stairs. \"Maybe you're right, Stuart. Maybe we really check this portal out andnmake sure that our calculations are correct. \" Stuart smiled. \"Well, I'm glad to see that you finally agree with me.\"nThey reached the sidewalk where Stuart put his arms around her shoulders.n\"I am so glad you came into my time period, Amber. I never expected anyonento love me or have this much faith in me. You changed my whole life, mynlove, and have given me the confidence to go through with this. I am justnsorry that I couldn't give you a better honeymoon than this.\" \"So,\" a voice called out from behind them. \"So, Stuart, you finally marriedninto the family, I see. I guess the only problem is that you don't looknany older than you did in the 21st century.\" Amber turned around recognizing the voice. Stuart looked up. \"Mark?\" Stuart asked, removing his arms from around her shoulders. Mark Coulter smiled and extended his hand. \"I haven't seen you in years.nThey all said that you disappeared, but I had no idea that you have turnednup in this time period. We all knew about your time traveling madness, butnit seems you have proven me wrong. Now, if you just get away from myngrandchild and return to 2001, I will be a very grateful man.\" Stuart frowned and shook his head. \"I can't do that Mark, she is my wholenlife. You see, we just got married and we are celebrating. She's mine now,nI'm responsible for her from now on, not you.\" \"Stuart,\" Amber began than stopped and turned to face her grandfather. \"He's right, Grandfather, please. I love him, I always have.\" Mark looked at her. \"You are looking for trouble, young woman.\" Hensmiled. He knew she hated when he told her that. He knew just how to getnher to feel guilty and tonight was no exception. He knew she was afraid ofnhim and would probably leave Stuart to return home with him. As soon asnthat happened, Mark thought, he would take care of Stuart in his own way. He never dreamed that he would be proven wrong. Chapter 42 \"Grandfather, it won't work this time, \"Amber told Mark, taking Stuart'snhand in his. \"We are married now and I intend to stay that way. Now ifnyou'll excuse us, we have some business that we have to take care of.\" Mark smile widened. He chuckled a bit. \"You mean your little calculationsnand your damn time portals in the East River, is that it? \" He shook hisnhead. \"You can't find anything. I've changed around all your numbers,nAmber. It's the only way I know how to keep you locked in this century atnleast. \" Stuart looked at Mark, amazed. \"How do you know so much about Amber'sncalculations, Mark. I never wrote a book and I never kept notes.\" \"Ah, but my granddaughter has. She's been keeping notes and instructionsnwhere I could get my hands on them. She always thought that I knew nothingnabout math or what she was working on, but it's not true. I knew exactlynwhat she was working on, she wasn't quiet about it and I kept following hernto see what she was doing.\" Stuart looked at Amber. \"Just tell me that this is not true. How could youndiscuss any of this with anyone?\" Amber shook her head. \"I never told anyone, Stuart. He knows because henbutts into everyone's business.\" She looked at Mark. \"So know I know,nGrandfather. You have been screwing up all my work just to keep me here.nWell, you can't do that. I have found a way to get back and that's justnwhere we are intending to go. I cannot stay here anymore, Grandfather. Incannot live with you here in the time period any longer. I am twenty-eightnyears old, a grown woman. I will not be humiliated for the rest of mynlife. I need my life back. There are many other things important to mennow and Stuart is my life. I intend to spend the rest of my life with him.n Now if you will excuse us.\" \"And how will you be getting back there, my girl. There is no way, notnwithout this.\" Mark reached into his pocket and pulled out Amber's notebooknof calculations. Amber stood there in wonderment. Where could he possibly have found that? \"Those are mine, Grandfather. Whether you screwed up my calculations ornnot, I want that book. Please, Grandfather.\" Mark stopped smiling. \"If you want this, then you will do as I ask. Nownget away from him and go back home. I will meet you there in a fewnminutes, but first I must take care of Stuart my own way. Now, get going.\" Amber looked at Stuart, who looked back at her. \"I must do this, Stuart,\"nshe said, letting go of his hand. \"I must go back with him. He can't haventhose calculations.\" Stuart looked at her, not believing his ears. \"No, you can't leave. Inwon't let you. I can't. I am nothing without you.\" \"You must, Stuart. You have to. You have to go back to 2001 and go onnwithout me. Just remember that I love you.\" She took him in her arms andnembraced him tightly. She gave him one last look, kissed him on the cheek and backed away. Thennshe turned to Mark. \"I am ready now, Grandfather.\" She held out her handntoward his and Mark smiled as he held out his hand to take hers. Within a flash of a second, Amber grabbed his hand and pulled hard,nthrowing Mark to the ground, dropping her notebook in the process. Amberngrabbed for it and stood up. \"Come on, Stuart,\" she said, throwing him thenbook. \"Let's get the hell out of here while we are able to do so.\" Stuart stowed the notebook in the inside pocket of his jacket. He reachednfor Amber's hand. \"Not so fast, my girl.\" Mark said, grabbing her pants leg. Amber strugglednto free herself from his grip. \"Let her go, Mark,\" Stuart said, grabbing his hand and successfullynremoving it from her pants leg. \"Leave her alone.\" \"Who the hell are you to take her from me, Stuart?\" Mark asked, throwingnStuart's hand off and getting to his feet, apparently unhurt. \"You arennothing but a bum. You've always been a bum. Kate had to support yournresearch, pay your rent and all your bills. I don't believe you've evernworked a day in your life, have you?\" Stuart was about to say something when he caught sight of something goingnpast him quickly. Looking down the block, he noticed a blond head runningntoward the direction of the East River and what he assumed was the BrooklynnBridge. He turned to face Mark who had noticed the same thing. That'snwhen the both of them discovered that Amber had run off. \"Amber!\" Mark called out and began to run after her. He had forgotten allnabout the book and ran after her, calling out her name. Stuart ran after the two of them, not exactly sure which Amber he wasnrunning after.nHe knew that there would be two of them eventually, he just didn't knownwhat time or when that would occur. He was just thinking about that, whennhe caught sight of another Amber, this one oblivious to the fact thatnStuart was even there. It didn't really matter because Stuart was unprepared for what would happennnext. Chapter 43 Amber ran like crazy for the bridge. It was just ahead of her. All shenhad to do was turn the corner and she would lose him. She was sure of it.nShe ran faster than she ever had in her life, hoping that Mark wouldn'tncatch up with her as he had done before. She smiled. She had so much tontell Stuart when they returned to 2001 and she knew they would. It wasnstill early and they had a lot of time before the portal closed. Just tonmake sure, Amber pulled up her sleeve and took a look at her watch. It was 11:35, twenty minutes to go. She shook her head in disbelief.nWhere had the time gone? Mark couldn't have held them up that long. Shenhad to hurry, she couldn't wait for Stuart; he would catch up eventually. She caught sight of something running past, looked up and gasped as shenrealized that she was watching herself run toward the Brooklyn Bridge,nready to jump off to find Stuart in the 21st century. Amber shook her head and checked her watch again, just to see if see hadnread it wrong, but she hadn't. She didn't move as Stuart's words fillednher head. \"You understand that there will be two of you,\" he had explained, \"but ifnyou see yourself jumping off the bridge on Monday, May 4 than you know thatnthe portal will have closed and you shouldn't jump. Remember that, Amber.nNo matter what happens, I'll be there.\" She stopped, watched and waited. ~~~~~~~~ Stuart ran after Mark as fast as he could. He caught up to him as henturned the corner and grabbed for Mark's shoulder to stop him. Mark turnednaround and smiled. \"Give me that book, you slippery little weasel,\" he said, reaching out tongrab him when they both caught sight of the second Amber heading toward thenbridge. The blond girl that he was chasing had also stopped to watch. Marknshook his head. \"No, it can't be,\" he repeated over and over. Mark smiled. Here was his chance to get her. The other one was headedntoward the bridge, but he could still take the second one home. \"Mark, leave her alone,\" Stuart called out as he grabbed for his shouldernagain, but Mark turned toward him. \"She's mine, Stuart, not yours. She will never be yours. You just remembernthat, do you understand me? Now you just go back to your own..\" Mark stopped mid-sentence. He suddenly grabbed his arm as it was startingnto tingle. He felt it earlier on, but had paid little attention to it,nbelieving it to be nothing more than a small pain. He suddenly felt dizzynand not at all well. Everything began to swim around him and he blackednout, falling to the ground. Stuart watched him fall and bent down to take his pulse. Mark's heart wasnstill beating as he reached for his cell phone and to call the ambulance tonthe scene. By the time Stuart switched off his phone and touched Mark'snwrist again, he was dead. Stuart stood up as he heard the EMS sirens screaming down the road and rannafter Amber. \"Don't jump,\" he called out, as he ran after her. \"Please Amber, don'tnjump. Remember what I told you.\" Stuart had forgotten all about the second Amber as he watched the first onenstanding on the girder. He looked at his watch and noticed that it was nown11:50. He ran faster, the sweat pouring from his face. \"Amber, wait please. They were wrong, listen to me. Don't jump, wait fornme.\" He kept running, but he knew he'd never catch up. He watched her turn andnlook in his direction, but that didn't stop her. \"Amber, don't,\" hencontinued to call. \"Please wait, please don't jump.\" Stuart finally stopped a few blocks from the bridge and looked at hisnwatch, which read 11:55. The portal would close in five minutes and henwould never make it. He watched in horror as the blond woman at the end ofnthe girder look down at the water, then jump off, leaving him all alone innthe a strange New York of the future. \"Stuart,\" a voice called out, grabbing him from behind. \"You told me if Insaw my double not to jump. You told me that it would be too late. Thenportal is closed, love. We are stuck here in 2030.\" Stuart turned around with tears in his eyes. \"Oh my God, Amber, you'renstill here. I thought that you jumped without me.\" Amber smiled. \"No, Stuart, I couldn't jump; not without you. Besides, younsaid if I saw myself.\" Stuart smiled. \"That was your double?\" He grabbed her and embraced her,ntears falling from his eyes down his cheeks. \"I thought I lost you, Amber.n I thought that you were gone. We're safe, Amber, we are in the future,nbut we are safe together.\" He squeezed her tight, but Amber pulled apart. \"How can you say that, Stuart?\" Amber frowned. \"How can you be so sure?nGrandfather is still.\" This time it was Stuart who put his finger up to her lips. He shook hisnhead. \"No, Amber, it's over. Mark Coulter is dead. Your grandfather is gone.nWe are alone now.\" Amber didn't know whether to laugh or cry. \"What happened?\" \"I believe he had a heart attack, running after you. I think seeing thentwo you jolted his heart a bit. He's gone, Amber, there's nothing to worrynabout anymore. I'm here with you and I'll stay here until the portal opensnagain, if it does. Our calculations were still incorrect, but we have timento fix that now, love. There's no rush.\" He looked into Amber's face for a reaction, but she began to cry andnpressed closer to him. \"I don't believe this,\" she said, shaking her head.n \"I can't believe this. She put her arms around his waist and started toncry. \"Hold me, Stuart,\" she said, \"please hold me and convince me thatnthis is all real.\" \"It's real, Amber,\" Stuart said, \"it's all real.\" And as the nearby church bell began to chime twelve, the two stood therenclinging to one another in happiness and disbelief. Epilogue July 18, 1886 Dear Charlie, Patrice, Stuart and Amber I can't thank you enough for the happiness that you brought to Leopold andnI and our two children. We were all so happy to see all of you againnafter ten long years. Our first born, Rebecca, had heard so much about hernUncle Charlie from the future that she thought that you would lookndifferent from the way we look, but I think all four of you were able tonclear that up. I don't know where to start. Thanks to Stuart and Amber Besser, myncousins, for making this all possible with their discovery of anothernportal that allowed us all to be together. And another thank you goes outnto my brother Charlie and his wife Patrice, whose desire to see his sisternagain brought all of you into the past. It was funny how you found us at home this day. No one was more surprisednthan I when Leopold answered the door and saw the four of you standingnthere. Becky and little Leo had their niece Katy and nephew Sean to playnwith. And Amber, my lovely cousin, I am so glad that I was able to meetnyou. We are so much alike, you and I, not only in looks, but also innspirit. It was good to hear about you all, how Charlie has become not only a well-nknown comedian, but an actor as well. Stuart and Amber have developed anmethod of time-travel that has become a best-selling book and are now inndiscussions to have this made into a movie. Stuart and Amber work so wellntogether and make a great team. The love in their eyes is genuine.nStuart, you have chosen wisely and it makes me happy to see that younfinally settled down with someone you love so much and who can return thatnlove. Thank you again for giving this book to us. Leopold has alwaysnbeen fascinated with your method of time-travel And Amber, I wish you and Stuart all good luck with your first ever time-ntravel novel. I know that it will be a best seller. Our walk in the park, our picnic lunch and our dinner around the table werenwonderful and revealing and it was a shame when all you had to leave to gonback to 2011. Now a little bit about us, although you know that the elevator has been angreat success. Leopold's toaster has been sold to another company, but henwill be receiving a certain percentage from his invention. It's too badnthat Uncle Millard is not alive to see his nephew prosper. He would havenbeen so proud of him, of both of us. Anyway, I am sorry that the time was so short. Hopefully, with thencalculations that you left us, Leopold will be able to find his own timenportal and we will come to visit you in the 21st century. In the meantime,nit was good to see you all again and hope to see again soon. With love from all of us here, Kate ","Summary":" Kate and Leopold, The Story Continues Prologue She couldn't remember running so fast in her life. S"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"New Start","Author":"MandolinDoodler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10702702","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm surprised no one has really done a fic like this yet where Arthur leaves part way through the movie. Maybe this will inspire you guys! I don't own Arthur Christmas. Arthur watched as his slipper was swallowed by the ocean waves. It was supposed to be simple: take the sleigh and deliver the present so Gwen could have a perfect Christmas and the Claus's could sleep easy, again. Now him, Grand-santa, and Bryony were stuck in the desert no doubt waiting for Steve to track them down and reprimand them all the way back to the North Pole. The youngest Claus could only hope his brother would at least deliver the present before searching for them. \"Can I burn this?\" Arthur glanced over to Bryony holding Gwen's letter. For a moment he almost gave her permission to rid them of the parchment that started their problems in the first place, but there was a part deep in his heart that refused to so blatantly admit defeat. Just because the Santas of the family had stopped caring about children didn't mean Arthur had to as well. The young man trudged over to the wrapping elf and gently removed the letter from her small hand, staring at the sloppy writing and misspelled words. After a few moments, he looked down at Bryony with sorrowful eyes. Elves were known for their devotion to Christmas, more so than the Claus family sometimes. To see an elf, especially one as passionate as Bryony, look as hopeless as Arthur felt nearly broke the young man. He clenched the purple letter tighter in his hand, making up his mind. Maybe he couldn't deliver Gwen's present, but it was Christmas and, though his grandfather had let him down, he at least deserved a better place to rest and wait for Steve -they all did. With a determined gaze, Arthur scanned the horizon praying for any sort of sign of life. Luckily, not far from where they were camped out lay a cluster of lights, possibly a seaside town. \"Come on, there's a town down that way,\" he said, pointing towards the light, \"we can get some food and maybe some rest while we wait for Steve.\" Without waiting for a reply, Arthur began the trek along the shore, glancing back only to make sure Grand-santa and Bryony were keeping up with him. Though they stumbled along the way, the elder Claus and elf didn't dare complain; Arthur was breaking as it was and neither wanted to get on the young man's bad side. Ten minutes later, the trio finally entered the small city. Even with the morning sun barely touching the sandy streets and Christmas day blooming in every home, the people were buzzing outside, filling the town square with life. A group of women rushed by with baskets of clothes, vendors set up their stands to get some sales in for the morning, children dashed through the crowds enjoying their new trinkets. Arthur stared wide eyed at the busyness of the streets. He'd spent the last twenty years in the North Pole and seen the hectic world of elves during the cram session right before Christmas eve. Never before had he dared to venture into the middle of them when their minds were so focused and the halls so crowded, but being in the middle of that small city, the young Claus felt he knew what it would be like. And even though he felt unusually small despite being taller than many of the citizens, and he had to dodge a running child or hurried townsman every two seconds (and even though his evening/morning had been beyond crappy), a smile still managed to creep its way onto Arthur's face. It was just so exciting when he didn't have to worry about being spotted by the authorities or shot at for stealing a sign. If it weren't for his responsibilities at the Pole, he'd let himself get swept away by the crowd. But, wait, Arthur thought as the smile slipped from his face, it isn't as if he was needed at the North Pole. Yes, children all deserved to have their letters answered, but -at the risk of sounding like Grand-santa- that's elf work. Maybe it would be a big deal if he was Santa, but Arthur was the equivalent of an elf; it would be nothing to replace him if he just disappeared. A tug on his jacket brought the youngest Claus out of his thoughts. \"C'mon, lad, let's get out of this crowd. Me hips can't take this much longer.\" Grand-Santa looked up at his grandson and, when he received a small nod, turned towards a nearby building with some crates stacked against it. Right behind him Bryony followed closely, cautious of getting trampled with her small size and constantly glancing around to make sure there were no suspicions of the group's mythical background. Arthur followed at their slow pace, his mind bouncing back to his earlier thoughts. It's wasn't like he could simply jump on a plane and be off. He didn't have money in general, let alone the right currency for where ever he was. And simply walking off wasn't an option either; he wouldn't get far enough away to escape Steve's radar or even Bryony's running distance. But what was he doing even considering all of these options? It's not like he would actually do it. The young Claus had a life in the North Pole, a simple life and one where he wasn't very appreciated, but a life all the same. Yeah, thoughts like that weren't helping him at all… Right then, a man carrying a crate bumped into Arthur, making the young man nearly lose sight of his grandfather and elf. The man with the crate mumbled an apology before setting his load onto the back of a truck. \"That's the last one,\" he called to the driver. Wiping his hands onto his pants, the man got into the passenger side of the vehicle. Arthur watched as the truck growled to life, tempting him with the idea of driving all day to some unknown town or city up the coast. It would be too easy to jump into the back of the truck and crawl between some of the loosely packed crates. No one would even know he was there and he could get out at the next town without a trace. Arthur stood in the middle of the street now staring at his grandfather and elf as they took a seat on the crates by the nearby building. Grand-santa shifted, trying to get comfortable on the hard surface, and Bryony kept her suspicious gaze on the crowd while she swiftly hoisted herself next to Grand-santa. They hadn't even noticed Arthur was gone, yet. So Arthur watched them some more. He watched as they sat there a few moments, Grand-santa grumbling to himself and Bryony easily tuning him out. He watched as Bryony looked past the old Santa to see an empty spot, her eyes widening in near terror. He watched as the two grew frantic when they couldn't find him in the crowd, Grand-santa going from irritated to ready for a heart attack. And he watched as their faces became smaller, getting lost as more and more people were put between him and his family. The youngest Claus hadn't even realized he'd boarded the truck currently hauling him to some unknown town miles away until he lost sight of his partners. For a split second, Arthur panicked because he'd just left his century-old grandfather and spiritless elf in the middle of some strange city with no way to contact Steve or pay for anything like food or sleeping quarters. The shock almost had him scrambling out of the bed of the vehicle and bolting to his family's side, spilling apologies for disappearing. Almost. His feet refused to budge until the initial panic settled. When the tension in his body finally released, Arthur slowly readjusted himself in the pile of crates to get comfortable. He couldn't see Grand-santa and Bryony anymore, their faces and voices having long disappeared in the city bustle. The young man knew he should be worrying as he always did, but that little part of him that constricted his lungs and put his mind on a single track was strangely calm. Some part of him very, very deep down honestly wanted to leave, to have a chance at a life where he was wanted and see the places he'd only seen stamps of. At terms with that idea, Arthur solemnly turned to watch the passing buildings become blurs until they melted into sandy scenery. No matter how hard he tried to focus on the desert, though, he couldn't ignore the clenching in his heart reminding him that he might never see his family again. I wrote this awhile ago with a plan to make a full story out of it, but I haven't been able to get past the first chapter and I haven't been able to settle on one way for the story to go (not that I couldn't just write both). I might find a way to make this into a two-shot where you find out what happened to Arthur after several years being away or I'll just leave it be -depends on my motivation.[Chapter 2] Happy Christmas! Arthur distractedly wrung the strap of his hefty backpack looking through the plane destinations glowing on the massive wall before him. He needed to decide where to go next. After spending a week dodging the HOHO 3000 radar in what he discovered to be Cuba, the young Claus decided it was time he get off of the island country. His escape was similar to before, stowing away on a boat and finding out later where he would end up. A few days later the man was in Brazil marveling at the tropical setting that was so unlike the North Pole. In the washroom of the ship, Arthur found himself a more inconspicuous shirt, socks, and shoes to wear (he left an IOU just in case someone came looking for them). His holiday sweater he kept close to him as he left the ship, not ready to let the precious garment go after all he'd been through with it. It took a while, but he Claus soon found a place he could make some money without anyone digging into his story. He was able to negotiate a job and temporary living arrangement with the shop owner so he could settle down until he figured out what to do next. Not for the first time Arthur found himself thankful he was put to work in Letters at the Pole – he got letters from all over the world and needed to know multiple languages to read them all. No matter where he went, the young Claus would at least be able to communicate with people. He spent a month and half working at that shop until he was nearly caught by an elf searching the store late one night. That's when he decided his only hope of escaping the radar for good was if he kept moving, so he bought himself some supplies and set off to explore South America. If Arthur wasn't sleeping to adjust to the different time zones he was talking to the natives to learn as much as possible (he didn't want to get dragged back to the North Pole without at least enjoying his time away from the frozen tundra) or he was picking up the odd job to keep his funds up so he could travel more. Already it had been seven and a half long but exciting months since the young Claus walked away from his life as a surrogate elf. Now the seasons were changing and Arthur was ready to change with them, find somewhere new to spend the fall (or in some cases spring). Focusing back on the wall of destinations, Arthur debated between Africa and Europe. On the one hand, if he went to Africa he wouldn't have to make as many changes to his supplies and wardrobe to deal with the warm climate since he would be coming from a warm continent anyways. On the other hand, Europe would offer a much more compact culture that would keep the Claus happily occupied every minute of his visit. \"Do I wanna head straight up there or take the scenic route?\" The question came as a murmur from a woman on Arthur's right. She looked to be around his age with honey locks tied in a hasty bun, staring up at the same wall as him. When she noticed Arthur glancing over at her she started and gave an apologetic smile. \"Sorry, don't mind me!\" Her hands went to one of the straps on her backpack to fidget with the wearing seams. The action brought the young Claus' attention to the many patches sewn into the bag, all sporting names of various countries and landmarks. \"Woah,\" Arthur said in wonder, moving a bit closer to inspect some of the patches, \"you sure have travelled a lot.\" He'd seen many of the images on postage stamps and some pictures that would come attached to letters to Santa. \"Hm?\" The young woman's gaze followed his and realization dawned on her face. \"Oh, the patches! Well, I wish I could say I've been to all these places, but I've barely made a dent in all of these. This bag used to belong to my brother – he used to go all over the world and would grab one of these to mark where he'd been.\" She hesitated then continued, encouraged by the sincere interest Arthur exhibited, \"it wasn't until a couple months ago that I finally gathered the courage to leave and see all the places he saw.\" Arthur smiled and nodded in understanding. \"I know what you mean; I grew up in a, uh, pretty isolated place and the only time I got to see anything from outside my home was in letters. We'd get them from all over the world,\" he couldn't keep the excitement out of his voice here, \"photos and stamps of so many places and letters written in so many languages! Ever since I was a boy I wondered what the world must be like.\" His eyes softened when he added, \"sometimes I wonder why I didn't leave earlier.\" They grew silent as they momentarily got lost in their own thoughts. An announcement overhead startled them into the present and they shared an awkward laugh. \"You don't have a plane to catch anytime soon do you?\" Arthur spared a glance to the lit up destinations he'd been contemplating moments ago and made a quick decision. \"Not really, why?\" \"Have you been to Ellie's Café?\" \"I've heard of it, but every time I looked for it I couldn't ever find it. I spent an entire afternoon trying to find it just to end up on the other side of town!\" He snorted and his wheezing laugh filled the space between them. Relief filled him when she laughed along with him, unfazed by his unusual laugh unlike most people he'd come across. When they settled down she said, \"then why don't you and I go on a little adventure before we leave this place? I'll lead the way.\" She grinned at him and something fluttered in his chest. He grinned back and gave his answer in the form of an enthusiastic nod. They found the café in less than an hour and spent the rest of the morning there drinking coffee and tea, and swapping stories. Her name was Jane and she grew up in a plain suburban town where the only excitement came from the souvenirs a brother many years her senior would send from his travels. The only other time in the year she remembered being so happy was during the holidays when the entire town would be decorated top to bottom with Christmas lights and the neighborhood would come together to ensure everybody could have a magical holiday. Her enthusiasm was contagious and Arthur found himself sharing just as much as her. He talked about his small family, his clumsiness that was amplified in a \"town\" covered in ice, his love of all things Christmas (which he was happy to note was still there despite his fallout with his family the previous Christmas), all the letters he got to read, and all the places he'd been and was hoping to go. It was early afternoon that they realized they'd been sitting at the café for several hours and both needed to catch a plane out of town. And while neither wanted to leave the other just yet, they weren't quite ready to change all their plans for the sake of a stranger they'd happened to come across in an airport. Rather, they came up with a new plan to meet later. \"Have you ever seen New York City during the holidays?\" Jane asked. Arthur shook his head and Jane's smile lit up. \"Okay, then we'll meet there! I'll be working my way up there from Mexico and plan on getting there the week of Christmas. On that Monday, we'll meet in Rockefeller Plaza, okay?\" He agreed full heartedly, his brain already working on how he was going to get there. Europe and Africa would take a back seat for a while – he had all the time in the world to explore those continents. Instead, he would take a plane to California and travel across the United States, doing whatever it took to ensure he made it to New York in time to meet Jane. Their departure at the airport was harder than either of the young adults thought it would be. Every time they thought they were ready to go one would suddenly remember something they wanted to tell the other and another ten minutes would pass by in a blink. It was when the last call for Jane's flight interrupted their conversation that they realized they actually had to say goodbye. The young woman fell into a frenzy, doing a quick pat down of her pockets and bag to ensure she had everything, then startled her companion with a tight hug that lasted long enough for Arthur to gather his bearings and hug her back just as tight. He watched her go until he couldn't see her any longer. With a great sigh, the young Claus turned to catch his own plane. The next few months passed in a blur that was only broken up by thoughts of a certain honey haired, hazel eyed woman and as December grew nearer, Arthur grew more and more restless wherever he was staying; he had to fight the urge several times to not take a plane straight to New York. He didn't want to get there too early and he wanted to save as much money as possible for when he was actually there. But finally – finally! – the day arrived and he found himself in a cheap motel checking himself in the mirror every chance he got, wondering if maybe he should have gotten a haircut or if his sweater exuded enough Christmas spirit for the occasion (or maybe it was too exciting), and a slew of other worries that would have Grandsanta rolling his eyes and grumbling about \"back in his day.\" With one last once over, Arthur headed out. As he made his way through the city, he suddenly understood why Jane would want to meet in New York; there were Christmas lights and decorations covering every inch of every building, Santas at every corner, holiday music coming from every store. And when he saw the gargantuan Christmas tree lighting up Rockefeller Plaza, framed by flurries of snow and ice skaters, he couldn't help but wish once again that he'd left the North Pole sooner. As Arthur marvelled the sight, an arm looped through his, startling him out of his daze. He looked over to see two familiar hazel eyes peering back at him and a smile stretched across his face when him and the woman shared a hug. \"Jane! It's so good to see you.\" \"You too, Arthur! And your sweater, it's incredible!\" The knot that had formed in the pit of Arthur's stomach loosened with each word Jane said. He almost couldn't believe he'd gotten so worked up over seeing her again. \"C'mon, we have a lot of catching up to do.\" They picked up some hot chocolate from a nearby kiosk and found a place to settle down near the rink to talk about all of the places they'd been in the last few months. And with every exciting story they shared, there was an accompanying, \"you would have loved it\" or \"I wish you could have been there.\" By the time their stories have reached the present, the sky has darkened and they must reluctantly depart, but not without a promise to meet up the next day. They spend the rest of the week like that; meeting up and exploring the city, talking about where they each plan on going next, and -without realizing it- making plans together. They slowly go from ' I'm going there' to 'we should go there' and they don't notice it until the New Year's buzz has died down and they're back in the airport looking at destinations, going through the pros and cons of each place, then buying tickets and loading onto the plane, side by side. And for the first time in a year, Arthur feels at peace with his decision to leave. I'm back! And I have quite a few ideas for continuing this idea, some of them already partway written. I have basically turned this main idea into a three-shot, so the next chapter will be up tomorrow (hopefully). The rest will either be oneshots of continuations of this main idea OR alternate versions of these first few chapters (aka different ways Arthur leaves and he is reunited with his family). Don't forget to tell me what you think! I love you guys and you are all awesome if you are coming back and reading this (since it's been a couple years...). Happy Christmas! ~MandolinDoodler[Chapter 3] Steve had noticed something. Mrs. Claus had a twinkle in her eye. It shouldn't be unusual considering her position as the Mrs. Claus and the fact that it was Christmas and who wouldn't be a little cheerier on such a holiday when in the North Pole? But that twinkle had been gone for several years now, the light diminishing when they'd lost Arthur in Cuba and fading each time a Christmas passed without the youngest Claus. And yet, as she handed him his coat and her usual round of last minute instructions, Steve couldn't help but notice how her smile reached her eyes and how she seemed to choose her words very carefully ('remember that the elves are highly capable of dealing with any situation that comes up so don't forget to relax and enjoy the trip' 'There will be plenty of food when you get back, so don't you worry about that either'). Given the time, the Claus would have questioned her but it was coming down to the final minutes before launch and he had far too much to think about to worry about his mother's strange behavior. For the most part the night had gone smoothly. Since Steve's inauguration as Santa Claus, they'd made sure to be extra meticulous about the presents to ensure every child got their present before the S1 and its crew was settled back in the North Pole. The only difference Steve could note was Bryony having joined his personal team, escorting him to whatever houses he needed to deliver to. The wrapping elf had taken a break after Arthur's disappearance and refused to do any field work when the opportunity came up. Hence, his surprise when she approached him instead and requested a spot on his team. Glad to see the elf acting more normal, Steve approved her request without much thought. In hindsight he should have been a bit more suspicious at her sudden change of heart, especially considering the lengths she'd gone previous years to not be involved with Operation: Santa Claus is Coming to Town. And now, hunched behind a couch in a house just outside New York City to hide from the little boy they hadn't seen sleeping on said couch, Steve wished he had taken the time to wonder why his mother had been so happy all week and why Bryony was so eager to join the mission, for the elf was hidden with him completely unconcerned about the situation. If anything, she appeared to be hiding excitement as if she was happy they were about to be discovered and have all their secrets exposed. Peeking his head from around the loveseat adjacent to them, another elf looked to Steve for instructions. Solutions ran through the Claus' head at a rapid rate, trying to find the best way to get everyone out safely while not waking the whole household or jeopardizing their mission. He pulled out his HOHO to relay his plan to the team when footsteps approached from the kitchen. Everyone's heads whipped in that direction, dread settling in the pits of their stomachs and bodies tensing in anticipation as a silhouette came closer and closer, the light of the Christmas tree slowly illuminating the form to reveal a man in a bright red knit sweater with holiday patterns on it. \"Dad?\" the little boy gasped in excitement. \"Steve?\" the man echoed the boy but in a much more confused tone, his wide eyes glued to the white haired man hiding behind his couch rather than his son. \"Dad! I think I heard Santa,\" the boy continued. He didn't seem to notice his father's eyes weren't on him, his 6 year old mind hyped up on the possibility of Santa being in his home. Meanwhile Steve couldn't break his astonished stare from the boy's father. There was no mistaking the long face, the dark brown hair, or the lanky figure that was exaggerated under a baggy Christmas sweater. The boy jumping to stand on the couch snapped the group into action. With a meaningful look and a few wild arm gestures shared between the men while the boy was distracted, Steve lead his team of elves into the kitchen and an office room next to it. From the living room they could hear the boy being coaxed back to the couch and to a calmer state so he'd sleep for a couple more hours. Back in the office, Steve typed frantically on his HOHO while half his team chattered in excited whispers and awaited his instructions, all of them silently hoping they'd get to stay and capture another glimpse of the youngest Claus. Disappointment filled them when their leader reluctantly gave Bryony permission to stay (a part of him wanted to be selfish and not share his brother, but he also just knew she had something to do with finding the younger man) and sent the rest of them back to the S1 with instructions to continue the mission, adjusting time to account for the precious minutes they'd lost. Just as their feet disappeared out the window another presence entered the room, the door closing quietly behind it. Arthur hesitated before turning slowly to face his brother and the elf he'd abandoned in a desert town years ago. They stared at each other for a moment before the younger Claus burst into apologies. \"I-I know it was wrong a-and I'm sorry everything got so crazy and out of hand; I really made a mess out of everything that night and I shouldn't have left Grand-Santa and-\" he kept rambling but Steve hardly registered a word. It had been nine years -to the date- since he'd seen his younger brother and the grief of that was finally hitting him. Along with everyone else in the Pole, he'd been able to drown out his emotions by working nearly nonstop so there was hardly any time to remember that Arthur wasn't just sitting in his little office in Letters, writing to the children of the world for the sake of keeping their belief alive. But now it was more real than ever that the youngest Claus had been away and started his own life. Steve felt a pang in his heart remembering all the times teams of elves had come back from search parties empty handed, how he himself had gone out countless times and found nothing but a reindeer slipper floating in the ocean or a blurry glance of someone that might be his brother. He remembered all the days in the last nine years he'd gone to his brother's room with the hope that maybe, just maybe , Arthur had snuck back in or had never even left and it was all just their imaginations. But all he'd find was a cold, empty room and he'd wish once again that that one Christmas night had gone differently so he'd never have to know what it was like to miss his brother. In two strides, Steve had Arthur in his arms, his grip tight and desperate as if the younger might just be a trick of his mind and could disappear any second. Arthur was startled, but quick to return the embrace, his face burrowing into Steve's chest as an affirmation they were both real and there. They stayed like that for a few minutes not even realizing tears had been running down their cheeks until they pulled away. Steve wasn't great with words of comfort or apologies, but Arthur was well aware of that and the hug and tears were proof enough of his older brother's regret. Arthur wiped a few tears from his face and turned to Bryony with a watery smile. He knelt down to share a hug and apologize once more for leaving her and Grand-Santa in Cuba. They eventually settled onto the couch in the office and from there Arthur shared the gist of what had happened that night so long ago and how he traveled the world for a couple years. He talked about his wife - how they'd met and traveled together, only settling when their first born was on his way - and his two children that inherited the overwhelming love for Christmas that's ingrained in the Claus family. Steve and Bryony didn't talk too much about the North Pole (what happened there was pretty depressing compared to Arthur's stories) but they did talk about all the improvements they'd made to ensure no child was ever forgotten at Christmas again. The hours passed and the trio soon noticed the sky lightening up outside. A joyous \"Merry Christmas, Molly!\" rang out from the living room followed by laughter and two tiny sets of feet thundering up the stairs to wake the last sleeper in the house. Arthur smiled, his face glowing just the way Steve remembered it doing every Christmas, and he got up to meet his family. He was halfway to the door when he realized he'd nearly forgotten about his surprise guests in the excitement of Christmas morning. Turning to face them, Arthur invited the two to join him and his family. They both hesitated, the practiced fear of being discovered and the prospect of intruding on Arthur's family keeping them rooted to their seats. \"I'd love for you to meet them.\" He paused and averted his eyes, debating with himself for a moment, then looking back at them with a glint of determination in his eyes. \"And I'd like for them to meet you...all of you.\" Steve knew the implications of that and he wanted to jump on the opportunity to get his brother home especially if it meant being that much closer to keeping him there. And yet, the man before him wasn't the same as the one he used to know. Time and experience had given Arthur an edge that was just barely noticeable in the way he stood just a bit straighter and the way he didn't ramble and defend his statement the second it left his mouth. This Arthur couldn't be dragged back home and told to stay there. This Arthur knew better than to blindly listen to his family. \"This was a surprise to all of us,\" Steve paused and sent a glare to Bryony who slapped on an innocent face, \"or at least most of us. If you're not ready to see everyone else I… I understand and won't force you to come home.\" After a moment, he added, \"but I would like to meet your family, if that's all right.\" He had a small smile on his face that Arthur mirrored as he nodded and gestured for them to follow him. From the other side of the door they heard two young voices chanting \"dad, dad, dad\" as they descended the stairs with the same enthusiasm they'd ascended with. Arthur didn't get a chance to even approach the door when it slammed open and two children barreled into him, almost taking him to the floor in their effort to grab him. He laughed as he hoisted the youngest, a 3 year old girl with honey locks, onto his hip and let the other, the boy that had camped out on the couch and held a startling resemblance to his father, drag him out by his free hand. He slowed just long enough to give a reassuring grin to Steve and Bryony to get them to follow him out. The two did at a distance, staying back as Arthur got pulled into the living room and the faces of the children lit up when they darted to the tree to inspect the presents, gasping excitedly to one another about what might be in each box. Moments later a woman came down the stairs, pausing a moment to smile at the scene of her family around the tree. Arthur perked up when he saw her and dashed right over to sweep her into a hug and quick kiss, wishing her a happy Christmas as he did so. Steve watched their exchange with a knot twisting his insides. He'd missed so much in Arthur's life just because he made a fuss over delivering a present and now here his brother was with his own family that clearly appreciated his presence far more than his family in the North Pole ever had. But he had a second chance, now. This time he would be there for his brother, be an active part of his life and his family, maybe even get Arthur to come home if only to visit every so often. Yes, Steve was going to make things right starting now. And here I am nearly a year later just getting this chapter posted when I promised it so long ago. Sorry about that, I was seriously struggling with this chapter until I revisited this series the other day. I've decided to take what I have and wrap each part up as well as I can and post it here. This will include the other possible endings I had planned/written as well as any other ideas I get regarding this AU. I figure it'll be easier to post them all in one fic than try to do them each as their own story, plus I always get inspired by this movie by this time of year. Happy holidays everyone! I hope they've treated you well so far and that the coming year brings you joy! ~Mandolindoodler[Chapter 4] This is one of the other ways I had considered doing the reunion with the family. In this version Arthur manages to stay off their radar, but he does send word to his mother a couple years after he's left to let her know he's alive and doing well. And as the title of this chapter infers, it uses the premise of \"The Santa Clause 2\" 9 years later When Arthur left, it was like the North Pole shattered. After search party upon search party came up empty handed, everyone began losing hope. No one could muster the energy to even begin preparing for the next Christmas season, let alone get themselves out of their rooms for at least a week after the youngest Claus disappeared. It was as if the very spirit of the Pole decided to up and vanish with Arthur. And everyone took on the blame. The Santas knew they were the main reason their family member left; they were his role models, the very reason the young Claus even stayed in the Pole after he was old enough to leave, but having them all shatter his beliefs in the matter of a few hours really pushed him off the edge. The elves accounted themselves for equal blame. It's not as if they were quiet in their dislike of Arthur's clumsiness, they'd count themselves lucky if the young man ever forgave them.. After nearly a month of pure grieving, the Pole burst back to life. Everyone immersed themselves in their work and catching up for their one month of lost time. Every encounter remained purely business -what color should these trains be, can you sign for this order, will you sew this here? It wasn't until after the next Christmas that a sense of normalcy took over the icy factory. There was still a film of sadness in everyone's eyes, but they let themselves enjoy their time a little more if for no other reason than to banish the grief. Two Christmases later, Mrs. Claus took it upon herself to bring the spirit back into the Pole. With some well placed cookie visits and plenty of smiles straight from the heart, the elderly woman slowly chipped away at that sad film. No one quite understood how she managed to get over the loss of her youngest son so suddenly. They thought maybe it was because she was the one person in the entire North Pole that didn't have any reason to feel guilty and maybe that helped her to get some sort of hope that her son was still okay or that he'd forgive them one day. Whatever the reason, Steve somehow knew it was his mother's change in spirit that led her to pack all their bags and proclaim the Claus family was going on a trip. The newest Santa stared at the bags rolling along the conveyor belt for pick up. The United States wasn't necessarily far from the North Pole compared to some of the other places his mother could have dragged the family, and they were lucky it was in the northern part of the country, but that didn't make the flight anymore pleasant. His back was sore and he'd had to sit by an elderly lady that wouldn't shut up about her grandchildren. Finally, the man's bags came into view. He snatched them up and walked to the side to join his family as they waited for a taxi to pick them up and bring them to some undisclosed location. It was only a few minutes of waiting before the yellow vehicle pulled up and the family loaded their bags into the trunk. Steve noted, with growing suspicion, that his family's bags were much smaller than the two suitcases his mother packed for him. Actually, if the man recalled correctly, his suitcases were packed with nearly everything in his closet while he remembered only seeing apparel for warm weather packed into his family's bags. An obnoxious alarm went off in his head; his mother was clearly up to something. She couldn't honestly be considering leaving him at some mysterious relative's house, right? It isn't as if he'd done anything wrong to deserve such a punishment. Just as Steve was about to interrogate his mom, the woman piled the Claus men into the back seat of the taxi and provided the driver with the address they needed to go to after she climbed into the passenger seat. The ride was quiet and somewhat awkward. Grandsanta was the only one that talked, complaining about his aching limbs from the plane ride. When the complaints became too irritating for Steve to listen to, he decided it was time to change the subject. \"What relative could we possibly be visiting? I don't remember having any close relatives outside of the North-,\" he paused, sending a weary glance at the taxi driver, \"ahem, northern territories.\" He didn't want to take any chances letting anything out about the family's secretive occupation. Grandsanta bopped his grandson in the head with his cane. \"Of course we have relatives outside the Pole, ya ninny; Claus's leave all the time. Why, your great-aunt Synthia, my sister, left that place the first chance she got. Travelled the world most of her life like dozens of Claus's before her,\" he said in wonder, the same way he talked about all the past Santas, and ignoring the taxi driver's strange look. \"Well,\" Steve began, still being careful of his words, \"I doubt she's still alive today. She's been away from home too long.\" By that he meant she'd been away from the life extending magic of the North Pole for too long. \"And if she's so much like the rest of the family that left, then she didn't settle down and start a family, so that still leaves the question of who we're visiting.\" \"Don't worry about it, Steven. You'll find out soon; we're almost there,\" Mrs. Claus announced with excitement lacing her voice. For a moment, Steve considered his mother's side of the family. She might be an only child, but she could always have distant relatives still alive. The only problem with that was that that would mean spilling the fact that she'd run off to the North Pole and was nearing being older than a normal human should be. The car fell back into silence as they came into a homely neighborhood. The lawns were neatly cut and a vibrant green that matched the leaves on the trees. Children gathered in various yards laughing as they played games and ran through sprinklers, enjoying the early summer heat. There were even some adults outside doing yard work, filling the air with that fresh cut grass smell, or simply relaxing on lawn chairs sipping ice tea. Several turns later and the taxi was parked in the driveway of a two story light blue house with a black roof and white accents. Along the sides of the yard were low bushes making a barrier between the adjacent yards. Scattered atop the grass a few toys laid abandoned, the owners probably tempted inside with snacks before they came back to them. The Claus men looked on in wonder at the children at play and neighbors talking around perfect, suburban homes. The eldest two couldn't remember the last time they'd been outside the North Pole when the world was in such a lively state (Grandsanta didn't like to remember the time he was out with Arthur). There was never a reason for them to visit anywhere during the day, except of course the reason they suspected Steve had his entire closet with him, but they weren't going to let the younger Claus in on that secret, yet. \"Come on, boys. Grab your bags and we can head inside,\" Mrs. Claus said as she paid the taxi driver. The three men obeyed, swiftly grabbing their luggage and standing along the side of the lawn until the Claus woman led them to the door. It only took a few light taps before the white door swung open to reveal a slim woman with light brown hair pulled into a loose bun leaving a few strands framing her bright hazel eyes. \"Come on in,\" she said with a spiritful smile, \"I was beginning to worry when you didn't show up at 3.\" \"The first part of the trip took longer than expected. We had some trouble finding a ride from that little ice town to the airport,\" Mrs. Claus happily replied as she stepped into the house with the Claus men following wearily behind. They each gave the brown haired woman a polite nod as they stepped in. \"I'll be honest,\" the woman laughed, \"I was half expecting you to show up in the backyard in a sleigh. Anyway, I'll give you a quick tour of the house and show you all your rooms.\" She took a few steps upstairs, then stopped and smiled down on the group, \"by the way, my name's Jane.\" With that, she continued up, gesturing to the kids' rooms, bathroom, guest room, and master suite as she announced them. Jane opened the door to the guest room, \"this room will be for Mr. and Mrs. Claus.\" The couple strolled in and set their bags on the tan sheets of the queen-sized bed. On each side of it were two side tables, each with a lamp and a digital clock on one. Across from the bed was a closet and a small wood desk with matching chair. \"Margaret and Malcolm are fine, dear.\" Mrs. Claus informed the younger woman who nodded in acknowledgement. After their bags and jackets were placed in the room, the group journeyed back to the main floor and to the stairs leading to the basement. The main living room was decorated with a couch against the far wall, a loveseat on the adjacent front wall, and a TV in the opposite corner angled towards the seating. A piano was on the last wall next to an arched doorway that led into the kitchen and dining room area. The dining room had an extra long oak table (a leaf was added to make room for the guests) with matching chairs surrounding it and place settings for the nearing meal. On the wall across from the arch was a slider door leading to a deck and the backyard. A counter area separated the dining room from the kitchen where it continued to make a 'u' shape along the walls. Appliances were integrated into the counter and along the opposite wall in addition to cupboards all around. The group passed through both rooms and to a small hallway with another bathroom, a door to the garage, a door to the basement, and a small office space. Also attached to the hallway was a hallway that provided a straight shot from the front door to the kitchen. Jane brought her guests down to the basement, flicking the lights on and giggling at Grandsanta's complaints about too many stairs in the house. Just as the group reached the bottom of the stairs, a little boy with brown hair and green eyes stumbled into the main room followed by a little girl with honey locks and hazel eyes. \"Is dad home, yet?\" The boy eagerly asked. The Claus's couldn't help but remember a similar looking boy asking that question every Christmas morning for over a dozen years. \"No,\" Jane replied as she ruffled his hair, \"but he should be soon.\" The boy let out a dramatic sigh and slouched his shoulders, his sister copying him the moment she caught on to what he was doing. \"Why don't you say 'hi' to our guests?\" Both children perked up hearing that the guests their parents told them about had finally arrived. \"Hi! My name's Steve and this is Molly,\" the seven-year-old said, introducing himself and his sister with a crooked grin. \"What's your name?\" Grandsanta looked over the boy skeptically, rubbing his bearded chin. He didn't give his family a chance to answer the child when he asked Jane, \"how exactly did you say you were related to us, again?\" \"Oh, I thought Margaret told you,\" the woman stuck her hand out to the eldest Claus, \"I'm your granddaughter as of seven years ago. It's nice to finally meet you guys.\" The Claus men stared at Jane, then at Margaret, then back to Jane in disbelief. There was a pregnant pause before chaos broke loose. \"How long have you known about this, woman?\" Grandsanta yelled at his daughter-in-law, waving his cane all over the place. \"You've known where he was this whole time and you didn't tell us?\" Steve exclaimed. \"Margaret, how could you? We've been looking for years, now.\" Malcolm solemnly questioned. Jane looked on in worry and confusion as Mrs. Claus took the assault calmly, waiting until the men toned down. They eventually exhausted themselves and settled on glaring at the elderly woman with hurt and anger. \"I wasn't going to tear Arthur from his family. And even if I wanted to, he wasn't ready to come back and see all of you. He contacted me several years ago to let me know he was fine, and to not expect him back for at least another few years. \"When the situation came up with Steve, I thought Arthur would be the perfect person to contact about it and, after some persuasion, he agreed to go along with it. If I could have gotten him to agree to see us any sooner, I would have jumped at the opportunity, but I wasn't going to force him into anything.\" The men's glares eased up at the reminder that they'd done Arthur wrong. They should have known that the young Claus hadn't wanted to see them for so long. Margaret would be the only one allowed to know since she's his mother and deserved to know that he was off living well and starting a family. \"Wait,\" said Steve as he caught on to what his mother just said, \"what situation with me?\" When the man only received an apologetic smile, he narrowed his emerald eyes. \"You are leaving me here, aren't you! That's not fair! It's not as if I've done anything wrong -at least not anything worse than these two,\" he accused, gesturing to Grandsanta and his father. \"'ey! It's not our fault you're being stranded here,\" defended Grandsanta. \"You're the one that needs a Mrs. Claus of yer own. What kind of Santa would you be if you didn't have a Mrs. Claus and some nippers like these ones by yer side.\" The old man waved his cane at the two children that had taken cover behind their mother. \"Don't worry, Steven,\" Malcolm piped up cheerily, \"it won't be too hard for a fine lad like yourself to find a Mrs. Claus.\" \"But that's not the point! The point is that I have duties at the North Pole for next Christmas and there are only a few months left before the major rush. Now isn't such a big deal, but soon they'll actually need need me and I can't be gallivanting around New York looking for a wife that I might not even have in time for Christmas. And that's another problem: what happens if I can't find a wife by-\" \"Your name's Steve, too?\" With how sudden the question was and how fast he was processing the current situation, Steve almost missed the little boy's inquiry. The young Santa paused mid-flail and stared at the child stepping excitedly out from behind Jane. His eyes were so lit up and his smile was so lopsidedly wide that Steve could have sworn he was looking at Arthur at the same age. The simple nostalgia of the moment only allowed the man to numbly nod his head at the boy whose name he'd missed on the first introduction. Maybe if he'd been better with children he would have engaged the younger Steve in conversation; ask him about his sister or himself -heck, he should've taken the chance to ask about Arthur in that moment. But children never were his strong point, even after years of dealing with his own younger brother. Noticing the uncomfortable silence creeping in from Steve's awkwardness, Grandsanta took hold of the situation. He hobbled over to his great-grandchildren and leaned in close with a conspiratory grin as if he were telling a grand secret. \"You can call me Grandsanta,\" he said with the same crooked grin the child had worn while introducing himself. The children giggled at the old man's name. \"Santa? Like the Christmas Santa?\" the boy asked and the old Claus nodded. \"But you're too old to be Santa.\" \"Too old to be Santa! I've got the white beard, a red suit at home, and a trusty reindeer; isn't that enough to be Santa?\" \"No!\" the children exclaimed together and laughed as Grandsanta playfully bonked their backsides with his cane. After taking cover behind their mother, they turned their attention to the other new people in the room. The young Steve peeked out to Malcolm and Margaret, \"you're grandma and grandpa, right?\" The old couple nodded, their pleased smiles making their eyes crinkle at the corners. Steve and Molly made quick work of engulfing their grandparents in hugs, easily accepting the newcomers as family, and bombarding them with questions. \"Can you make cookies?\" \"Do you really live in the North Pole?\" \"Are there penguins there?\" \"Do you like Christmas?\" \"How old are you?\" \"What's your favorite color? \"What's-\" The questions came to a halt -much to the group's relief- when the sound of the front door opening and closing reverberated through the house. \"Dad's home!\" The children zipped up the stairs to greet their final family member. This is the only thing I already have written for this series. I tend to get inspired by this movie at random points in the year and will revisit my works and do more writing for this fandom. I have ideas for short stories of Arthur's travels, other ways he's reunited with his family, and alternate ways he could have come to the desicion to leave the North Pole. If you're liking what's here so far and would like me to do more writing for this shoot me a review and follow this story! I'm just going to post any variations right here to keep them all together ~MandolinDoodler ","Summary":" I'm surprised no one has really done a fic like this yet where Arthur leaves part way through the m"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"O irmão do Papai Noel e a moça dos eletrônicos","Author":"Animated-Geek-Lonely-Nerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9501178","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Aadman e Sony Animation Mais uma história de Operação Presente pra vocês essa se passa antes de \"Papai Noel e a moça das cartas\" (se quiser ler essa aqui primeiro é até melhor) bom espero que gostem! ~A.g. A espaçonave- trenó do Papai Noel Arthur estava pousada e parada na garagem e Steve tentava consertar o motor danificado. Arthur o observava trabalhar. -O que exatamente aconteceu Steve? - ele perguntou. -Eu não sei exatamente - Steve respondeu - nós não gastamos o motor desde o último natal. Talvez uma peça só tenha quebrado. O resto do motor parece estar em perfeita ordem. -Vai dar pra consertar até o Natal,né? - Arthur se preocupou. -É claro que vai dar irmãozinho - Steve bateu de leve em seu ombro - não se preocupe. Eu acho que um estabilizador novo dá conta do recado. -Valeu Steve - Arthur suspirou aliviado. O próximo Natal seria o segundo Natal de Arthur como Papai Noel e ele ainda estava aprendendo e se acostumando com seu novo trabalho. -É melhor nós irmos jantar antes antes que a mamãe fique preocupada - Steve disse - Amanhã de manhã eu vou procurar um estabilizador novo. -Em algum lugar muito longe? - Arthur perguntou. -Talvez eu tenha que ir ao Vale do Silício ou quem sabe mais perto - Steve disse pensando - conheço uma boa loja de peças na Suécia. Os irmãos Noel caminharam até a sala de jantar onde o resto da família os esperava. A/N: Posto o próximo capítulo assim que puder Obrigada por ler! Por favorzinho, deixe um review![Chapter 2] A/N: Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Aardman e Sony Animation Toda a família Noel estava reunida jantando. -Então meninos - a Sra. Noel disse - o que estavam fazendo na Ivie? -Ah mãe - Arthur chamou - Steve disse que vamos precisar de uma peça nova no motor da nave um... -Estabilizador - Steve completou - amanhã de manhã eu vou atrás de um novo; -Isso explica suas mãos sujas de graxa? - Vovô Noel riu. -Ah - Steve olhou as mãos - eu não percebi vovô. -É melhor limpá-las querido - a Sra. Noel deu a Steve um guardanapo. -Tome cuidado Steve - Malcolm disse - Não deixe ninguém desconfiar que você veio do ólo Norte. -Pode deixar pai - ele limpou as mãos. No dia seguinte, Steve se levantou e logo após o café da manhã com sua família viajou até a Suécia. Em uma das ruas cobertas de neve, ele parou em frente a uma grande loja, seu letreiro dizia: AL MARTINY - Eletrônicos em geral\". Steve passou pela porta de vidro e se deparou com inúmeros corredores. A loja parecia não ter fim. As prateleiras estavam cheias de caixas e peças. Ele começou a procurar pelo estabilizador. Steve estava tão concentrado que nem reparou alguém lhe chamando. Ele se virou pra ver quem era. -Em que posso ajudá-lo? - a moça disse. Ela vestia o uniforme da loja, camisa azul e calça jeans. Tinha olhos castanhos e cabelo castanhos liso preso pra trás. Steve ficou sem fala. -Ah eu... - ele balbuciou - estou procurando a peça... ah... é... hã... -Eu acho que eu não conheço essa peça - a moça riu com a mão em frente a boca. Steve despertou de seu transe. -Eu quis dizer um estabilizador - ele sorriu sem graça - pra um motor de grande porte. -Ah sim, claro - ela sorriu - Por aqui, por favor. Steve a seguiu até onde ficava os estabilizadores. -Você precisa consertar um motor? - a atendente perguntou . -Ah sim - Steve disse - eu não posso falar muito sobre isso, é realmente sigiloso. -A me desculpe - ela se desculpou - eu realmente não queria me intrometer eu... -Não eu sinto muito - Steve se desculpou - eu não devia ser tão rude. -Ah mas você não foi rude - ela disse - bom esse é o estabilizador que precisa. -Ah - Steve pegou a caixa das mãos dela - obrigado hã... qual é o seu nome mesmo? -Frida senhor - Frida sorriu respondendo - e o seu? -É Steve - ele disse - foi um prazer conhecê-la mas agora eu realmente tenho que ir. -Ah sim - Frida disse - Volte sempre que precisar. -Eu vou sim - Steve sorriu. E assim ele voltou para o Pólo Norte com um novo estabilizador e Frida no pensamento. Gostou? Por favorzinho, deixe um review, vai me deixar mto feliz! ;)[Chapter 3] A/N: Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Aardman e Sony Animation Quando Steve chegou, Arthur foi logo cumprimentá-lo. -E então irmão? - ele disse - conseguiu achar a peça? -Que peça, Arthur? - Steve disse distraído -O estabilizador - os olhos de Arthur se arregalaram. Como seu irmão poderia esquecer? - Pra consertar o motor da Ivie? -Ah sim - Steve resmungou - eu trouxe sim. -Aconteceu alguma coisa Steve? - Arthur perguntou preocupado -Não, não - seu irmão respondeu - é melhor eu ir consertar o motor logo. Ele e Arthur subiram a bordo da Ivie e Steve se pôs a trabalhar no motor enquanto Arthur o observava. -E então já dá pra testar? - ele perguntou -Eu acho que sim - Steve se levantou. Ele foi até o painel de controle e puxou uma alavanca. O motor começou a zumbir. Arthur pulou comemorando. -Deu certo! - ele disse. -Que bom Arthur - Steve deu um sorriso rápido. -Ah - o sorriso de Arthur se desmanchou - Vovô me chamou pra assistir TV com ele depois do jantar. Você quer assistir também? -Talvez Arthur - Steve respondeu desanimado - Eu quero descansar da viagem. -Tudo bem - Arthur sorriu - Vejo você no jantar. Steve observou seu irmão partir, pensando porque não conseguia tirar Frida da cabeça. Ele nunca a tinha visto na vida e de repente, era como se ela estivesse grudada em seu cérebro. O jantar de Steve foi calmo e silencioso. Sua família toda estranhou ele estar tão quieto assim, -Steve aconteceu alguma coisa? - Malcolm, o antigo papai noel, perguntou. -Não, não - seu filho mais velho respondeu meio assustado - nada pai. Ele se levantou mexendo em seu HoHo e saiu da sala de jantar. -Pode deixar filho - Vovô Noel disse - vou descobrir o que há com o Antenor Antenado. Na sala de TV estava Arthur e Vovô Noel até Steve chegar. Ele sentou-se ao lado esquerdo de seu avô sem tirar os olhos de seu HoHo. -Eu sei exatamente o que há com seu irmão - Vovô Noel sussurrou para Arthur, olhando para Steve. -E o que é Vovô? - Arthur perguntou. -Ele está apaixonado! - o avô de Steve cantarolou alto o suficiente para ele ouvir. -O que? - Steve protestou - Claro que não Vovô. -Negar é o mesmo que afirmar nesse caso - vovô riu - Aposto que não consegue tirá-la da cabeça. Devia falar com ela. Steve ergueu uma sobrancelha. Arthur olhou para Steve e sorriu para encorajá-lo. -Tá! - Steve levantou bravo - Eu vou falar com ela. Ele bateu a porta e saiu. Chegando a Suécia, Steve foi para a loja Al Martiny. -Steve - Frida o reconheceu - Como vai e a peça pro motor? =Ah deu certo - Steve respondeu sorrindo - Obrigado por perguntar. -Eu estava indo almoçar - Frida disse - você quer vir comigo? -Ah claro - Steve falou e a seguiu até uma lanchonete que ficava a algumas quadras da Al Martiny; Eles comeram e conversaram sobre peças e eletrônicos por um longo tempo, até o HoHo de Steve vibrar. -Ah eu tenho que ir - ele disse olhando para o HoHo - meu irmão está me ligando. -Que diferente seu telefone! - Frida disse fascinada - Ele é de um tipo ue eu nunca vi. ocê conehce o fabricante? -Ah... eu conheço - Steve disse sem graça - eu conheço sim. me desculpe Frida eu realmente tenho que ir! -Volte logo, Steve - Frida sorriu -Ah sim - Steve respondeu - pode deixar. Assim, ele partiu de volta para o Polo Norte para ver o que Arthur queria. A/N: Depois de ver quanta gente leu essa fic de um dia pro outro, resolvi postar lo go o capítulo novo Muito obrigada pessoal ;) Gostou? Por favorzinho, deixe um review, vai me deixar mto feliz! ;)[Chapter 4] A/N: Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Aardman e Sony Animation Steve passou a visitar Frida todos os dias na hora do almoço, e num desses dias ele tomou coragem suficiente para pedi-la em namoro, o que Frida acabou aceitando, já que os dois tinham tanto em comum, principalmente a paixão por eletrônicos. Em um desses dias em que Steve ia visitá-la, Frida o encurralou com uma pergunta. -E então - ela disse enquanto caminhavam - com o que sua família trabalha mesmo? Steve parou por um momento, talvez agora ele poderia contar a ela sobre os negócios da família fazendo o Natal acontecer. -É que é meio complicado de explicar - ele começou - nós trabalhamos com entregas, e como você deve ter percebido, eu sou o responsável pela parte tecnológica, na verdade eu sou o chefe de operações. E o meu irmão caçula, bem, ele é como se fosse nosso chefe. -Ele é ou não é o chefe? - Frida perguntou confusa -Na verdade ele é o chefe - Steve respondeu - mas ele não faz o estilo mandão. Eles riram juntos. -Frida - Steve continuou - você... gostaria de... conhecer nossa... empresa? -Mas é claro - ela sorriu - quero ver principalmente os eletrônicos e como eles fabricam o HoHo. É engraçado, Hoho me lembra a risada do Papai Noel. -Então vamos lá - Steve disse meio apreensivo - eu vou te mostrar a empresa da minha família. Frida seguiu Steve até a Ivie. Ela se impressionou com a espaçonave mas não fez perguntas. Logo o trenó tecnológico pousou na garagem e eles saíram. -Bem Vinda ao Polo Norte - Steve anunciou. -Essa é... - Frida começou a dizer - Se esse é o Polo Norte, você disse que sua família trabalha com entregas... o hoho... Steve! Sua família é a família do Papai Noel? Ele só conseguiu assentir confirmando a suspeita dela. -Inacreditável! - ela gritou animada - como conseguem entregar tantos presentes numa noite? -Bem - Steve sorriu - acho que a sala de controle pode explicar isso. Ele levou Frida até a sala de controle e ela observou a tudo boquiaberta enquanto Steve explicava. De repente, Arthur entrou e correu para cumprimentar o irmão. -Oi Steve! - Arthur disse - Chegou bem na hora do jantar -Ah Frida - Steve disse - esse é o meu irmão Arthur, ele é o Papai Noel. -É muito emocionante conhecê-lo Papai Noel - frida apertou a mão de Arthur entusiasmada - Mas... eu não esperava que o Papai Noel fosse tão magro, sem ofensa! -Ah não - Arthur riu - Você não me ofendeu, e que faz dois anos que eu sou Papai Noel. -É uma coisa hereditária - Steve explicou - São Nicolau foi o primeiro papai noel e nós somos descendentes dele. Nosso avô e nosso pai foram papai noel. Agora á vez do Arthur. -Eu sou Frida - ela sorriu - é um prazer conhecê-lo Arthur e desculpe pelo meu ataque. Eu sempre mandava cartas pro Papai Noel quando era criança. -Não foi nada - Arthur disse - Você quer jantar com a gente? A família toda vai querer conhecê-la. -Ah sim! - Frida soriu. Os três seguiram para a sala de jantar e toda família Noel conheceu Frida. Alguns meses depois, ela e Steve se casaram e Frida foi morar no Polo Norte. Ela ficou encarregada da manutenção dos eletrônicos de todo o Polo Norte. Ela não podia estar mais feliz. Além de estar perto de quem amava e trabalhar com o que gostava, ela agora fazia parte da família Noel. A/N: E esse é o final de mais uma fic muito obrigada a tds que leram ah e essa não minha última fic de Operação Presente ainda vou escrever mais porque eu amo esse filme :) ~A.g. Gostou? Por favorzinho, deixe um review, vai me deixar mto feliz! ;) ","Summary":" A/N: Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Aadman e Sony Animation Mais uma história de Operação Pre"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Life with the Christmases","Author":"disneylover3212008","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7814303","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nightmares Molly hated the nightmares, hated re-living the worst parts of her life on repeat as her brain just seemed to want to make her miserable. They would always sneak up on her during some of the best days of her life, shattering a peaceful sleep. She would wake up in her bed sweating and crying- the first a particularly difficult feat in her new home. He'd ask why she didn't look so good and wasn't acting like Molly. She'd just say that she wasn't feeling well but would be fine and that was that. Arthur shouldn't have to add her to his list of worries since he already had to bring happiness to the entire world. And part of her was scared to tell him. Molly hated weakness, and in her mind this was about as weak as one could get. But one May night she just couldn't take it anymore. She awoke shaking and shivering through every inch of her body and knew she didn't want to be alone in this massive ice room. Don't get her wrong, it was very nice and homey. She really did love living at the North Pole. But right now she was going to threaten that by breaking the rules. She grabbed the cover off her bed, threw on her favorite pair of slippers, and walked out the door. She crept through the labyrinth of halls, sliding across the ice on her slippers. She tried to keep as quiet as possible, even though she was positive very passing room could hear her heart thumping out of her chest. Finally, she reached his door- open of course. She had to pause as she saw him all tucked away in his bed. He looked so peaceful and at ease, something she never really got to see anymore during the work day. Molly crept her way over and noticed a pile of different sorts of wrapping papers taking up half the bed. She gently set them on the floor and climbed up as silently and slowly as possible so she wouldn't wake him. \"Molly?\" Well, that had gone well. \"What are you-\" \"I'm having trouble sleeping. I know your parents have their rules and expectations and stuff like that, but just one night? I don't want to be alone.\" She looked him in the eye for a long moment before he merely nodded. \"Now get back to bed. You have a busy day tomorrow.\" She threw her cover over herself and put her head on one of his various pillows. She didn't know how long she made it before she awoke screaming and shaking. This time though, something was different. She managed to feel through her haze that someone was holding her and rocking her gently. That was too much and Molly finally broke down for the first night in her life. Arthur merely held her tight until she drifted off into a dreamless sleep. Molly woke up the next morning and knew she should probably start packing her bags. His arms were holding her close and her head rested on his chest. If Mrs. Claus walked in- she would be killed. They'd throw her out to the polar bears. She tried to pull away, but again she must not be very good at being quiet because Arthur woke up. She shot out of the bed like a shot, wrapping her blanket around her shoulders to hide her pajamas. This was mortifying! \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll go. I'm sorry.\" \"Are the nightmares always that bad?\" he asked simply, an unusual frown on his face. \"I should really…\" One look in his eyes and she knew it was going to come spilling out of her. \"My whole life. I'm usually fine though. It's just- last night I- it won't happen again.\" \"No,\" he said confidently. \"No, it won't.\" She nodded hastily, exiting and practically sprinting back to her room. That would be the end of that. That was until she came back to her room at noon and found everything was gone. There was no sign she had been living there for four months. Mrs. Claus had found out. She was going to have to brush up on how to handle polar bears. \"He had it all moved to his this morning,\" she heard Steve's voice from behind her. \"He went to Mom and Dad first thing this morning.\" \"Where is he going then?\" \"Molly, this isn't really that hard to put together.\" She took a moment before a blush crept up on her. \"We just wish you had told us so we could do it sooner. It's obvious you need him.\" \"I'm- wait. I'm not being evicted? Your mom… agreed to this. Your mom… who hates me.\" Steve laughed. \"She doesn't hate you, just so you know. She wants him to be happy. You being happy makes him happy. I'd show you to your new room, but I know you found your way there just fine last night.\" She blushed again. He couldn't help but laugh again as he left. That night Molly hugged him tight. \"I love you,\" she whispered. He kissed her hair. \"I love you too.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Don't even think about it.\" Molly couldn't help but smile. She knew he wasn't doing this for selfish, obvious reasons. He was doing this because she needed it. He was most likely sacrificing sleep and energy for her. She didn't have to worry about weakness with Arthur. He loved her no matter what. \"I got real lucky when I found you in those lights.\" \"I got even luckier.\" Molly would like to say she never had another nightmare, but that wasn't true. She had many more. But he was there for every single one. They worked through it together. So much so that by Christmas morning the next year she fell asleep without him having a very happy dream. Of course that paled to what would happen when she woke up.[Chapter 2] Cookie Breaks Molly had taken to spending most of her day wandering the factory floor and checking in with all the elves as they went about their work. The elves still hadn't taken a real shine to her- being cautious of her presence. She couldn't blame them of course. One flight of fancy that sent her packing up to leave would cause this whole place to go nuclear. But she was getting really sick and frustrated of having to prove herself time and time again as someone Arthur deserved. She had enough trouble proving it to herself- she didn't need everyone else to add to that. Bryony was always willing to talk with her though. And it was one particular March day that she was visiting her only elf friend that she had noticed it. \"Excuse me a moment, dear,\" Bryony had said. She had then left her station to walk over to an elf that looked slightly behind and held her hand out. The elf took a long moment before looking down and placing half of a chocolate chip cookie in her hand. She then said a few words before depositing it in the trash can and returning to Molly. \"What was that about?\" \"We can't have food on the floor. Imagine all the ways it could tarnish that paper. How would you feel if there were chocolate smears on your Christmas gift?\" Molly merely looked at her. \"It's also a factory rule. We have lunch and then get off around dinner. In the meantime no food is allowed.\" \"Wait a second. So you don't get like a cookie break or something like that in-between? That's against all sorts of union rules!\" \"We were around way before the unions, Molly. We've had this for centuries and rules are very hard to change around here.\" \"Well, it's not right that you guys don't get a break. Do you have a copy of the rules or something?\" Bryony pulled one out of her desk and Molly spent the rest of the time examining it. It had been a while since she got to use her lawyer brain and it felt nice to be back in her old groove. Maybe she could help these elves out. They were obviously desperate if they were sneaking in chocolate chip cookies. A change in the rules was pretty complicated though. First, the Christmas family sans the Santa had a vote and the majority had to agree to the change. Then it had to be taken to the current Santa who had to approve it. That part would be easy. But a majority vote meant three of four of the Christmases had to be on her side. That meant she needed to get either Mr. or Mrs. Christmas. She met with Bryony the next day. \"Okay, so Steve is easy enough. We just have to present him with statistics about productivity and how much more efficient we'll be even if we cut a half hour out every workday. Can you get a numbers elf- like Peter- on that? I know it'd be better if you asked as Head Elf since everyone hates me.\" \"They don't…hate you- they hate what you could do. You just have to show them your positives outweigh your negatives. This is a good way to start. I'll do it though.\" \"Alright, Grandsanta is all about tradition but I think we could sway him easily enough since this isn't technology related. I'll go visit him in the stables before dinner- when he's at his cheeriest. Arthur shouldn't be an issue either since it'll make all of you so happy. You and I will approach him together and if worse comes to worse I bat my eyes-\" \"I get the feeling you're skipping ahead. You need a majority. Grandsanta and Steve aren't enough. You need either Mr. of Mrs. Christmas.\" Molly let out a groan. \"You said things have been better since January!\" \"I know! But that doesn't mean they'll actually agree with me! Just give me a bit to figure them out. Also, let's not bother Arthur about this until it's time for his approval. The last thing he needs to worry about is what we're up to.\" The meeting with Grandsanta went much better than she hoped. He had honestly liked her even after the whole Thanksgiving incident- said she reminded him of his wife. He agreed with her about how things had become so different in terms of the number of elves and promised she would have his vote since she was so passionate about this. Steve was also onboard after a short presentation Bryony and Molly chased him down for- using signs as he walked and attempted to do his job. He did comment offhand later that he had brought up the subject to Mr. and Mrs. Claus but they didn't seem as apt- and that was even without knowing her involvement. Molly spent days with Bryony trying to come up with a good enough pitch that could get the two on her side. Arthur seemed to take notice of how busy she was but she had merely told him she found a project- which was true. It was about a week later that she was stopped by an elf in the hall. \"Is it true? Is it true you're trying to get the rules changed for us?\" \"Of course it is. You guys work so hard to make so many people have a magical Christmas that I know you deserve to have at least a couple of minutes for a cookie or a cup of cocoa. And I am not stopping until I see this through!\" The elf smiled. \"Let me know if you need any help Molly. You've got me on you team.\" Molly couldn't help but smile. This was the first time any elf other than Bryony had used her name. \"That's good to hear…\" \"Bernard.\" And as it walked away it hit her. The Christmases may be able to argue her down or hold her back, but they couldn't stop the force of all the elves if they teamed up. She took off for Bryony's office. \"A letter writing campaign! We get everyone to send letters for a week- assign days- and send it to the Christmases. If everyone stands together we stand at least a shot!\" \"Or they could get mad and go to Arthur about how you're causing mischief and put him in a tough spot. That's the exact opposite of our plan.\" \"We have to try Bryony. These guys know about what we're doing now. We can't- I'm not going to let anyone down again. If they go to Arthur I'll back off and try something else. I… I want to be able to make people happy too.\" \"Then let's get circulating. We've got letters to plan.\" The elves seemed very much onboard with the plan as long as they didn't get in trouble (Molly promised to take all responsibility) and Arthur wasn't pestered by it since a malfunction with the Naughty and Nice List had him busier than usual (Molly would back off the second he was involved). Bryony didn't even have to come with her to some of the departments- they seemed receptive to her plan even if it was just her pitching it. Maybe she had a place here after all. The week went without a hitch with at least a thousand letters getting mailed over every day. As far as Molly knew Mr. and Mrs. Christmas didn't bring it up to Arthur- not that they had time to. The List debacle meant he wasn't at dinner. Even she didn't get to see him much with how busy she was. Friday after dinner she and Bryony did their pitch with to the gathered Christmases. They had everything- charts and graphs from Peter, live action demonstrations and testimonies by Bernard and some of his friends, and an argument of modern day laws she herself presented with her lawyer gusto. Everyone left but her as the family took their vote. They were all waiting for her when she emerged from the dining room. \"Four for four!\" The room burst out into cheers. \"When Arthur gets a free moment I will talk to him.\" That free moment came Sunday when she found him in his old office looking at letters. The others has asked to go with her- do the pitch again—but she knew this one had to be just her. \"Hey, stranger.\" He turned and let out a tired smile. She took a seat across from him and took his hand as he opened his mouth. \"I know what the next words out of your mouth are going to be, but they're not necessary. You have nothing to be sorry for. I've been keeping myself entertained.\" He smiled a real smile at her. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too, very much,\" she answered, kissing his forehead. She then noticed the letter pinned on a place of prominence of the wall. \"I look at it whenever I need a smile. It helps me when things get a little stressful- not that I don't love it! I do with absolutely all my heart! Being Santa-\" \"Trust me, Arthur. I know. And as much as I know you're trying to escape business, I have something I want to discuss with you.\" He gave her a nod and she pulled out the doctrine for a rule change she had put together. \"It's a proposal for cookie breaks once a day for the elves. I got the four votes from the Christmas family and now I just need your approval. I'm sure I don't have to tell you how happy it'd make them. And they do work awfully hard.\" \"Oh, I know that. I've been trying to get that rule changed for years. You actually got my mom and dad to agree to this? And Steve?\" She let out a nod proudly and he pulled out a pen. He looked at her as he signed it. \"You're pretty amazing, you know that.\" \"I'm just trying to be like you. It gave me something to do and it helped me get familiar with a lot of the elves. And I think your parents might hold a little more respect for me.\" He handed her the paper. \"Thank you, Mr. Claus.\" \"You know, if you become-\" \"When I become Mrs. Claus. I know we haven't really… but I'd like for it be a when.\" \"I would like that too. You're going to be the most active Mrs. Claus yet.\" \"I can't let those years of law school just fall apart and go to waste. I put up a good argument.\" She went to get up but stopped herself. \"You want me to sit here with you for while, keep you company. I know letter writing is your thing, but-\" \"Of course you can stay. I'll even let you write one. Believe it or not, I enjoy spending time with you.\" \"I'm glad.\" She kissed him before opening an envelope and reading, one hand in his. Neither noticed all the elves peeking in through the door. Sure, Molly had been there for them, but more importantly she was there for him. The next week cookie breaks became official and the elves received from two-thirty to three off to have a snack or simply get a break. Molly was greeted with hugs and smiles whenever she walked the factory floor- and that seemed to make Arthur smile more as well. \"So, it looks like she's going to be our new Mrs. Claus,\" Peter commented. \"I hope so,\" Bryony added. \"Well… that means she becomes a Christmas. Then we only have to get her to convince Grandsanta and Steve for things to go through.\" Bryony shot him a look. \"I'm just observing.\" \"I like her. She's a Claus who understands clauses,\" Bernard joked. The elves would approach Molly over the years many times for different projects. But she had a very important one at this moment- being the second person at the North Pole to know the name of every elf.[Chapter 3] Damage Control Steve cracked his knuckles and knocked on the door. It was time to take care of some of the essential clean-up work of this Christmas. \"Come in!\" a voice answered in a sharp monotone. Steve opened the door and strolled into a large boardroom where several elderly men were sitting around a large table. They all raised their eyebrows at him and his attire as he slapped a poster down on the table. It was probably the most un-flattering picture of Molly Scrooge that could be found. It was obviously from some sort of party- blurry as she had tried to duck out of frame at the last moment. Her hair was still red and long. But it was the font that really had him worried. MISSING DECEMBER 25th. MENTALLY UNSTABLE. CALL THE FOLLOWING IF FOUND. \"I'd like to speak to you about these. The department sent me.\" \"It's an awful shame, really. The girl was a bright young worker who looked as if she had a comfortable future ahead of her. After Thanksgiving though she just started this rapid decline- cut her hair and left early until finally she snapped. She quit and told us she was headed for the North Pole to be with Santa Claus because she loved him.\" Molly had conveniently left that part out of her tale. She had mentioned that she had just fled Chicago so he had come to clear out things in terms of her apartment since she wasn't leaving Arthur's side for a moment while he was still in bad shape. Then he had noticed the dozens of posters. \"Is there any word on the girl?\" Now Steve knew there was two ways he could play this. He could be thoughtful, methodical, and build an alibi for the ages. Or he could have fun. And judging by all the stress this past month had been, he figured Molly owed him some fun. \"Yes. We found her this morning in a freezer of an ice cream shop. She claimed to have reached her destination. Her mental state is very fragile right now. She's been put in the very best hospital for this sort of thing.\" The group reacted with a sort of horror that made him angry deep inside. They obviously cared more about themselves than for her. He was glad she was tucked up at the North Pole safe and sound. \"Do- do they think… I mean given her background…\" Steve had to keep himself from hitting the man right there. \"It's too hard to say right now. She's very far gone. Her delusion has taken over her entire existence. She probably would think you all were elves. I honestly doubt that you will ever see Molly Scrooge again.\" \"We should have seen it coming,\" was the only reply he got. This hadn't ended up being very fun at all. These gentlemen were just making them angry. He could literally see them writing her off their minds as he said his good-byes and exited. He was almost certain Molly would never be mentioned in this office again. He moved everything out of her apartment and had the elves take care of any and all posters scattered around the city. Molly Scrooge had effectively vanished off the face of the earth… and no one seemed to care. Steve almost had a feeling of melancholy about him until he saw his brother sitting in his bed as she brought him a hot chocolate. Only she slipped on the icy floor and ended up spilling it all over herself. They both paused for a moment before bursting out into hysterical laughter. Steve couldn't help but laugh himself. Molly Scrooge wasn't just cared about- she was loved by the most loving person on the earth. Steve could see now she would never be alone… quite the opposite in fact. She finally wasn't alone. She had Arthur, her brother, and he felt soon enough the entire Christmas clan. Molly Scrooge was home. Disaster successfully averted.[Chapter 4] Hey… so it's been a while. But with the purchase and watching of an Arthur Christmas DVD the spirit has moved me to continue my work on this story. I had so many ideas and I'd like to keep going. Thank you for your patience. Teddy Bears Arthur knew Molly had had what was a very unhappy childhood. But sometimes when a detail would flit by as is it was no big deal at all to her he'd have to pause and remind himself that now she was safe and happy. That scared little girl seemed to only show up with the nightmares, but during the day Molly showed no evidence that anything was dragging her down. But one July evening while they were taking a walk through the workshop she said something that he just couldn't brush off as easily. They were in the stuffed section, when she idly picked up a soft teddy bear. \"Is everything alright with it?\" Arthur asked at her guarded expression. She quickly put it down and gave him a smile. \"No. No. It's perfect. Sorry. I just never had a teddy bear before. No big deal.\" And just like always she shook it off immediately and kept walking. Arthur followed, but for some reason this one just stuck in his head. And as he slipped his hand into her outstretched one, he made a decision about what he was going to do about it. Now no Santa had made toys himself for generations- they simply couldn't compete with the high tech of some of the gifts the North Pole elves were capable of. So Arthur was about to embark on the mission of making his very first toy. That evening he sat down with the entire stuffed division that had all willingly volunteered to spend the night helping him without hesitation. So there Arthur sat at a workbench- a pile of cotton and some fabric in front of him. \"Bryony took care of her?\" he asked one of the elves, Lucy. \"She's got the radio. They went out ice-skating. She wished you could have joined them, but there was an emergency in this division that required immediate attention,\" she chimed. Arthur gave a nod. He hated lying to Molly, but he guessed this really wasn't that much of a lie. \"Then let's get started.\" He held out his hand and a needle and thread were put in his palm. It was a long process. It was a challenge too to say the least. It turns out Arthur definitely wasn't suited for a permanent position with the rest of the elves. His end product had a head that was a little too large and fell to one side. One arm was longer than the other. It has mismatched buttons for eyes, but it had been too late before the elves caught the mistake. But he was sitting there, fluffy and adorable if you tilted your head slightly to the right. He then proceeded with the finishing touch. Lucy handed him a small heart-shaped patch with his name printed on it. He haphazardly stitched it over the chest of the bear and gave a large smile. \"Well, it's not that good. But I think it'll make her happy.\" \"Arthur, this is going to do more than that,\" Lucy argued. He merely shrugged. It wasn't that good. He left the bear with the elves and headed to his room where she was waiting, reading a book on baking. \"I didn't know you cooked.\" \"I cook. I don't bake. But your mom wants to give me a few lessons. This is big and I'm trying not to screw it up.\" \"You won't.\" He took a seat next to her. \"How was ice-skating?\" \"I beat Bryony is a race!\" she exclaimed. \"I'm positive she let me win, but it felt good with all the grief she gives me. I wish you could have seen it, but don't you dare feel bad! Did you get everything sorted?\" \"Yeah. They're trying some new models. In fact, I could use some advice. You up for a visit tomorrow morning?\" \"Absolutely!\" She set her book to the side and gave him a kiss on his forehead. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" It was a rough night. In fact, it had been a rough couple of nights that week. But that morning the two of them entered to the greeting of every elf. \"Hello Lucy!\" Molly called. \"Michael, Ludwig, Steven.\" \"Kevin.\" She winced, but he waved her off. \"Hey, last time it was Devon. You're getting closer as far as I'm concerned.\" The two made their way to a bench in the back. \"Alright, now you'll have to be honest,\" he said as he reached under to pull out his creation. \"You should never expect anything less.\" He placed the bear in her hands and she took a moment. \"I made him… for you.\" She looked at him before turning her attention back to the bear, carefully turning him over. \"I know he's not that good, but it was my first attempt. I just couldn't stand the thought of you not having ever had a teddy bear.\" She ran her fingers over the stitched heart. \"That… I know it's really corny but that's because you have mine. My heart that is.\" He stood uncomfortable for a moment before he heard the small sob and his heart shattered. She didn't like it. He knew it wasn't good enough for her. \"I'm sorry. I just-\" \"Don't you dare apologize!\" she mustered as she continued to cry, cuddling the bear to her chest. \"I love him. I love him almost as much as I love you.\" Before he could respond she pulled him in for one of those deep kisses that still sent his mind whirling. She hugged him tight. \"Thank you.\" His brain searched for the words to say what he was feeling, but in the end he had to settle for the closest that came to him. \"You're welcome. I love you, Molly Scrooge.\" He felt her smile. She pulled back, arms still around his neck. \"And I love you, Arthur Christmas.\" The bear would take up a permanent residence on the nightstand of Molly, helping fend away the nightmares and wake her up with a smile each morning. In return she kept that heart safe, guarded, and most importantly loved. ","Summary":" Nightmares Molly hated the nightmares, hated re-living the worst parts of her life on repeat as her"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Papai Noel e a moça das cartas","Author":"Animated-Geek-Lonely-Nerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9124251","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Eu sei que o Natal ainda ta longe mas eu tive que escrever essa fic Personagens que não me pertencem (C) Sony e Aardman Arthur caminhava pelas ruas cobertas de neve na Cornualha, Inglaterra, no meio do mês de novembro. Os preparativos para o natal já estavam bem adiantados e esse seria o seu terceiro natal como Papai Noel. Ele observava as crianças brincando, fazendo bonecos de neve e atirando bolas de neve. Entre elas estava Gwen, a menina que não ficou esquecida no Natal três anos atrás graças aos esforços de Arthur, com a ajuda de seu avô e Bryony. Foi então que ele a viu. Ela estava sentada escrevendo. Tinha olhos castanhos e cabelos cacheados castanhos puxados pra trás. Alguns cachos da sua franja caiam pra frente. Arthur ficou atrás dela admirando-a. Ela então de repente se virou e percebeu que alguém a estava observando. -Eu posso ajudá-lo? – ela perguntou observando o estranho. -Ah me desculpe – Arthur disse assustado – me desculpa mesmo eu não queria te atrapalhar eu só estava olhando... -Calma– ela riu – você não atrapalhou, eu já estava terminando -É... – Arthur começou a dizer – o que você estava escrevendo? -Ah eu sou voluntária nos correios – a moça sorriu – eu escrevo cartas pro Papai Noel pras crianças que ainda não sabem escrever -Sério? – Arthur disse entusiasmado – eu também, quer dizer, eu trabalho com cartas Ele quase disse que respondia as cartas que eram enviadas ao Papai Noel, mas então lembrou de guardar o seu segredo e que tinha que voltar para o Polo Norte. -Olha eu tenho que voltar pra casa – Arthur disse – estou atrasado pro trabalho -Ah tudo bem – a moça sorriu – foi um prazer conhecê-lo... -Arthur – ele estendeu a mão -Anna – ela apertou Então Arthur voltou ao Polo Norte pensando na moça das cartas que acabara de conhecer. Obrigada por ler! Se ler, por favor deixe um comentário![Chapter 2] A hora do jantar havia chegado no Polo Norte e toda a família Noel estava sentada à mesa. Na ponta principal estava Malcolm, o último papai Noel antes de Arthur e pai dele e de Steve. Ao lado de Arthur estava sua mãe, Margareth, e do outro seu avô. À sua frente estava Steve e sua esposa Frida, que se conheceram em uma loja de eletrônicos onde ela trabalhava. Arthur jantava silencioso e lentamente, observando a refeição em seu prato com um olhar distante e perdido. Todos de sua família perceberam o quão quieto ele estava, bem diferente do Arthur que conheciam. -A rena comeu sua língua menino? – Vovô Noel riu -Como foi a viagem até a Cornualha, filho? – a sra. Noel perguntou – conseguiu ver a Gwen? -Ah sim – Arthur finalmente disse – eu vi ela e outras crianças elas estavam tão felizes brincando na neve, com certeza todas merecem um presente. Olha só eu lembrei que eu tenho que checar a lista de crianças de novo. -Mas nós checamos hoje antes de você partir – Steve disse confuso -Nunca é demais tomar preocupação – Arthur disse – não queremos que acidentes aconteçam o Natal tem que ser perfeito pra cada criança. Eu tenho que ir agora tá tchau. Assim, Arthur saiu da sala de jantar deixando a porta aberta e todos confusos. -O que há com o Arthur? – Malcolm perguntou -Aposto que ele conheceu uma garota na Cornualha – Frida disse e todos olharam para ela -Como você sabe? – Steve perguntou -Você agia do mesmo jeito quando conheceu a Frida – Margareth sorriu -Ah me lembro de quando eu estava apaixonado – Vovô Noel disse com um ar sonhador -É melhor deixar essa história pra depois Vovô – Steve disse se levantando – Eu vou ver o que há com o Arthur. Arthur estava no seu antigo escritório, no setor de correspondências onde ele trabalhava escrevendo respostas para as cartas que o papai noel recebia. Ele estava olhando as cartas da Inglaterra, até que uma chamou sua atenção. As palavras escritas tinham a mesma caligrafia de Anna. Arthur sorriu. -Posso entrar? - Steve interrompeu -Claro, pode - Arthur respondeu rapidamente -Arthur o que aconteceu na Cornualha hoje? - seu irmão perguntou -Como assim? - Arthur disse -Você estava mais quieto que o normal no jantar - Steve respondeu -É mesmo ? - Arthur disse sem graça - eu nem percebi -Você disse que ia checar a lista de crianças - Steve continuou - o que está fazendo aqui? -Ah... - Arthur ficou vermelho - nada só... -Mamãe e Frida acham que você encontrou uma garota por lá - Steve disse cruzando os braços - foi isso não foi? Arthur suspirou e assentiu. -Ah Steve - ele disse suspirando - ela escreve cartas para o Papai Noel pra crianças que não sabem escrever e além disso, eu nunca vi uma moça mais bonita do que ela. -Por que você não chama ela pra sair? - Steve sugeriu -Ah não - Arthur entrou em pânico - o Natal está perto tudo tem que sair perfeito e além disso, acho que eu tenho medo de falar com garotas -Você nunca vai descobrir se tem medo se não tentar - Steve disse - Pode deixar que eu cuido de tudo pra você E com essa sugestão, Steve deixou Arthur pensativo em seu antigo escritório, segurando a carta que Anna havia escrito. Obrigada por ler! Se ler, por favor deixe um comentário![Chapter 3] Anna estava em seu escritório na casa de correspondências escrevendo cartas pras crianças que não sabiam escrever. Então ouviu o barulho de alguém batendo na porta e disse: -Pode entrar Quando olhou, reconheceu Arthur. -Oi – Anna sorriu – você é o Arthur não é mesmo? -É, isso – ele respondeu meio sem graça – e você é a Anna você ta ocupada de novo eu posso voltar outra hora -Não, não – ela disse – não precisa da outra vez você saiu correndo eu não estou tão ocupada assim na verdade essa é a última carta. -Como assim? – Arthur ficou intrigado -É a última carta que eu escrevo nesse Natal – Anna respondeu – afinal novembro já está acabando e se eu mandar cartas pro Papai Noel em dezembro eu posso atrapalhar o trabalho dele. Anna riu e Arthur também logo depois dela. -Então – ele começou a dizer – de quem é essa carta? -Ah essa é da Gisele Rocks – Anna disse animada – ela disse que queria um elefante -De verdade? – Arthur disse -É – Anna riu – mas então eu disse pra ela que um elefante não ia caber na casa dela aí ela mudou de ideia e pediu um elefante de pelúcia -Que legal! – Arthur riu – É... Anna... Ela olhou pra ele. -Você gostaria de tomar um chocolate quente comigo? – Arthur não conseguiu tirar os olhos do chão - Mas é claro! – Anna respondeu sorrindo. E então os dois saíram.[Chapter 4] O grande dia havia chegado. Na véspera de Natal, Arthur entregava os presentes para as crianças ao redor do mundo com a ajuda do batalhão de elfos. Depois de uma longa viagem, a missão estava cumprida e Arthur e sua equipe voltaram ao Polo Norte. Os elfos e sua família estavam reunidos para ouvir o discurso de Arthur. -Mais uma missão cumprida! – ele disse e riu – Muito obrigado mamãe, papai, vovô, Steve e Frida pelo apoio e dedicação. E é claro, muito obrigado a cada elfo, seja aqui no controle da missão ou no trabalho de campo, não conseguiria sem vocês. De repente, Arthur se assustou lembrando do convite que fez a Anna -Eu tenho um aviso a todos – ele continuou – acho que todo mundo aqui já ouviu falar da Anna, minha... namorada. Arthur se virou e ouviu murmúrios entre sua família de \"Finalmente vamos conhecê-la\" -Bem – Arthur continuou – essa noite ela vai jantar com a gente e... ela não sabe que eu sou o Papai Noel, eu confio plenamente nela pra contar o nosso grande segredo. Eu peço que todos se esforcem pra deixar nossa convidada à vontade. Bom, acho que é isso. Feliz Natal! Anna acordou com uma luz estranha piscando do lado de fora. Ela se levantou pra ver o que era. Quando chegou ao quintal, reconheceu seu namorado. -Arthur? – ela disse espantada – o que está fazendo aqui a essa hora? -Bom eu – ele começou a dizer – eu disse que você podia passar o natal com a minha família, eu vim buscar você -Espera um pouco – Anna disse pensando – você disse também alguma coisa sobre... uma espaçonave e 5.000 renas. Então Anna percebeu de onde Arthur tinha surgido. Ela olhou para cima e viu uma espaçonave enorme, sendo puxada por uma multidão de renas. -Arthur – Anna olhou pra ele – Você conhece o Papai Noel? E por que ele não usa mais um trenó e 8 renas? -Bom na verdade – Arthur suspirou 0 eu sou o Papai Noel. Anna arregalou os olhos. -Vo... você é o Papai Noel? – ela disse – mas como? -É uma longa história – Arthur respondeu – eu posso te contar no caminho -Tudo bem – Anna conseguiu dizer Então ela e Arthur subiram a bordo da Ivie e ele contou a Anna sobre sua aventura no Natal de três anos atrás para entregar o presente de uma criança esquecida. -Inacreditável – foi tudo o que Anna conseguiu dizer depois que a história terminou – então é por isso que sempre tinha que sair correndo, você estava trabalhando pro Natal acontecer. -Anna – Arthur disse – você acredita mesmo que eu sou o Papai Noel? -Ta brincando? – ela riu – Depois de andar nessa espaçonave e ver as renas? Além de você salvar o Natal da Gwen, é claro que eu acredito! Os dois riram juntos. Logo a Ivie pousou na garagem e Arthur e Anna desceram. Enquanto caminhavam até a sala de jantar, Arthur contava a Anna sobre os elfos e o controle da missão. Então Arthur surgiu na entrada da sala de jantar com Anna encolhida atrás dele, ela observava cada membro da família. -Bom pessoal – Arthur disse – essa é a Anna que eu falo tanto -Boa noite – Anna começou a dizer – e feliz Natal! -Não precisa ficar acanhada Anna – a Sra Noel disse – eu reservei um lugar especialmente pra você, bem do lado do Arthur. -Obrigada Sra. Noel – Anna disse agradecida e se sentou; Cada um dos membros da família Noel se apresentou e logo eles começaram a jantar. Arthur estava feliz por Anna ter acreditado nele e na achar que ele estava louco. Anna, por sua vez, se sentia a vontade com sua nova família. E todos da família Noel, se alegraram por sua convidada fazer o Papai Noel feliz. E ela seria a futura Sra. Noel perfeita. A/N: E esse é o final dessa história espero que tenho gostado Pretendo escrever mais sobre a Anna e a Frida Obrigada por ler! Se ler, por favor deixe um comentário! ","Summary":" A/N: Eu sei que o Natal ainda ta longe mas eu tive que escrever essa fic Personagens que não me per"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Balinor, a Sequel to Kate and Leopold","Author":"Amberlynn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1412926","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She recognized the melody, the strength of the emotion behind the liltingnmusic. Echoes of the violins teased her ears as she tightened her armsnaround her new fianc(. She felt slightly dizzy from a combination of finenchampagne and dancing. Sleep-softened lips curled into a contented smile,nand a soft sigh escaped. A rustling roused her from slumber. Kate opened one sleepy eye to see ansilhouette moving around the room, humming softly. Darcy? Struggling tonfocus, Kate could see a small girl, carrying her powder blue gown from thennight before to the wardrobe. It definitely wasn't Darcy. This young girlnof no more than sixteen was tall and slim, with soft chestnut hair that wasnpulled up in a small twist. \"Who are you?\" Kate whispered. The girl whirled around, dropping the satin gown to the floor. \"Oh, miss!nYou scared me!\" she cried, placing one hand over her abdomen. \"Sorry,\" Kate apologized, moving her legs to get out of her bed, only tonrealize that she was not in her bed. Curiously, she glanced around to findnherself buried under a deep blue satin comforter, surrounded by full, softnpillows on a four poster mahogany bed with blue velvet hangings that werentied to the posts by gold cords. The room was a grand size; beige walls paneled with walnut. Cracklingnflames proudly burned in a fireplace of wood. A large armoire was open,ncontaining many gowns and hats. A vanity table sat next to the armoire,nwith a gold-plated mirror. A carved mahogany desk sat in front of a largenwindow overlooking the New York streets, painted by the brilliant orange,nred, and yellow of the morning sunrise. Kate realized that the young girl was still speaking. \".your presence innthis house is certainly a mysterious one, Miss.\" Shaking her head, Kate stared at the girl and asked again, \"Who are you?\" \"Me, Miss? I'm Elizabeth, your handmaiden. Many people call me Lizzy, butnyou may call me whatever you like.\" Kayt put her hand to her flushed forehead. Where was she? This wasnassuredly not her apartment. But that dream she had last night. \"It was real,\" she said softly. \"Beg your pardon, miss?\" Lizzy said curiously, eyeing her mistress. \"Elizabeth, what year is it?\" \"Why, it's 1876, miss.\" Lizzy now looked concerned. \"Are you ill,nmistress?\" A dull throbbing began in Kate's head with the realization that her \"dream\"nhad, in fact, occurred. In a flash it all came back. The terrifying jumpnfrom the bridge, the hurry to reach Leopold, the relief of knowing his truenaffections, the engagement.the engagement! She was to be married! \"No, I'm fine, Elizabeth,\" Kate murmured, and the throbbing increased. Anwhole century. She was in 1876, it was really 1876. Charlie, and.andnStuart, and.Leopold. The dull pain that plagued her head suddenly ceased,nand she could think clearly again. \"Elizabeth?\" The young woman turned around. \"Yes, miss?\" \"Where is Leopold?\" \"The Master, miss? Why, he is out for his morning ride. Shall I fetchnhim?\" \"No, never mind.\" \"Would you care for some breakfast, miss?\" \"Breakfast sounds wonderful. Stop calling me 'miss.'\" \"Miss, I must!\" Kate sat up against the headboard and gave Elizabeth a piercing stare.n\"Whose handmaiden are you?\" \"Yours, of course, miss.\" \"Which means you do as I say?\" \"Yes, miss.\" Kayt grinned. \"Then stop calling me 'miss.'\" Elizabeth blushed and ducked her head. \"What shall I call you?\" \"Kate will be fine. May I have breakfast now?\" \"Of course, miss--sorry, Kate.\" \"Better,\" Kate smiled approvingly, and the maiden left the room hurriedly. Kate struggled with the heavy comforter again, and managed to tangle hernlegs in its folds. Groaning, she tugged at the satiny waves, to no avail.nFrustration overcame her, and she yanked determinedly at the covers. Thenforce freed her from the bed, but propelled her to the floor. Rubbing her elbow as she stood, Kate looked down at herself and nearlynlaughed aloud. She was dressed in the most ridiculous of night wear, asnwas clear by the virgin-white nightdress, complete with high neck, longnsleeves, and a length that reached the floor. Spotting a silken blue robenlain across the foot of the bed, she put it on. Turning to the mirror, shengazed in awe at her reflection. So this is what women wore to bed! Nonwonder most marriages of this time entitled bride and groom to separatenquarters. She sat in front of the vanity to do something with her face. Washing hernface quickly in the basin, she looked into the gold mirror for approval.nThe image reflected back was adequate at best. She sighed resignedly. The door opened, and Kate whirled around to see Elizabeth enter, carrying anlarge tray with silver dishes. \"Your breakfast,\" she announced, placing the tray on the small, round tablenin the middle of the room. Kate got up from the vanity and went to the table to inspect the dishes. Angasp escaped her lips at the sight. A small silver bowl full of the brightest red raspberries she had ever seennsat beside a large platter of pancakes. Whipped fresh butter (not Farmer'snBounty, thank God!) and a small dish of syrup was on the side. A silvernteapot was steaming slightly, and Kate could smell the rich aroma ofncoffee. Pouring a cup, she put some cream and sugar in as well, and sippednit. Closing her eyes, she enjoyed the strong taste. \"Thank you, Elizabeth. Won't you sit down?\" Her maid's eyes widened in horror. \"Oh, no! I cannot!\" \"Why?\" Kate asked, puzzled. \"It's not proper.\" \"What do you mean?\" Kate was genuinely confused. \"Servants do not dine with their mistresses, Kate!\" \"Well, as long as you call me Kate, you can dine with me in my room,nElizabeth.\" Elizabeth shook her head in wonder. \"You are unlike any other lady in NewnYork, Kate.\" \"Believe me, where I come from, I am like every other woman in New York,\"nKate mumbled. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"Nothing,\" Kate smiled. \"Sit down and eat.\" Hesitantly, Elizabeth sat down and began to nibble on a croissant. \"So tell me,\" Kate began as she drank more of her coffee. \"Why is mynappearance a mystery?\" \"Master Leopold has never mentioned you, Kate. He has courted a woman onlynonce. Poor master. He has been so lonely. He looks so happy since yournengagement was announced last night.\" \"Is that what everyone here thinks?\" \"Yes. You seemed to appear out of nowhere, and he suddenly proclaimed thatnyou were his choice for a bride. Cook says that no one knows of the McKaysnof Massapequa. No one knows who you are, or where you're from.\" Kate smiled. \"You could say I'm not even from around here. Where are younfrom?\" \"I'm from England. My mother, Mrs. Harrington, is the housekeepernhere, and has been employed by Master Leopold's family since before I wasnborn.\" \"You seem very bright for your age.\" \"My mother and Mistress Mountbatten were very close. She loved my mothernso, and relied on her as a sister. Mistress Elizabeth was such a kindnlady. My mother admired her very much, and when I was born, named me afternher. Of course, many were shocked at such an action of familiarity, butnthe mistress was delighted, and arranged for me to have a proper educationnand upbringing. Lord Mountbatten also doted on me as his own daughter, andntook great pride in my betterment. They were determined that I should grownto become a lady, and I am to work here until I am old enough to be on mynown.\" \"When will that be?\" \"When I am eighteen.\" \"How old are you now?\" \"Seventeen just this March.\" Kate smiled and said, \"You are a free spirit.\" Elizabeth looked down, ashamed. \"My mother grieves over my stubbornndisposition and forthrightness.\" \"You're just like me,\" Kate laughed, and Elizabeth looked up in surprise.n\"I like stubborn people. I think that we will be good friends, Elizabeth,nif you would like. I know no one here, and could use a friend.\" \"As long as you would permit me to do my job,\" Elizabeth agreed. \"And toncall me Lizzy.\" \"Lizzy it is,\" Kate confirmed. A bell rang from somewhere in the hall, and Lizzy jumped up quickly. \"Mynmother is calling!\" she cried, dashing out the door. Her footstepsnresounded as she rushed down the stairs. Kate finished her breakfast in silence of conversation and thought, contentnto just enjoy the.what did Leopold call it? \"Reflection and study\" of hernmeal. Unsure of what to do with the dishes when she finished, she rose from thentable and left them. Standing in front of the wardrobe, she perused thenhangers, and her eyes were attracted to a simple gown in a light orchidncolor. The neck was deep, and pearl buttons trailed down the back. Pulling off the robe and nightshirt, she hung them neatly in the wardrobe,nand quickly found a camisole and corset, along with a lace petticoat. Inthink this is what they wear, she thought as she slipped the camisole overnher head. The corset proved too much. She realized that she could not tie the lacesnherself. Looking around for help, she spotted a small golden bell hangingnby the door. Deciding to try it, she rang it once, and a high, clear notenrang down the hall. Footsteps soon sounded from downstairs, and Lizzy appeared at the door soonnafter, her face flushed and breathing rapidly from running. \"What is it?\"nshe panted. \"How do I lace this cursed thing?\" Kate replied in frustration. Lizzy began to laugh, then quickly slapped one hand over her mouth. \"Letnme help you,\" she said, moving behind Kate and taking hold of the laces.n\"Breathe in and stop,\" she instructed. Kate took a breath, and Lizzy tugged forcedly on the ties. \"Oof. This is tight,\" Kate complained. \"I know. Just hold your breath again.\" She did, and Lizzy pulled some more. \"Ow! I can't breathe!\" Tying the laces quickly, Elizabeth helped Kate with the petticoat and gown.n She also groomed Kate's hair, pulling it up into a loose twist, put rougenon her face, and color on her lips. Kate pinched her cheeks to give them anrosy hue, and smiled at her reflection. \"Thank you, Lizzy.\" \"You're welcome. Shall I show you downstairs?\" \"Yes, please.\" Kate rose and followed her maid out of the room and throughnthe corridor. Descending three flights of stairs, a large room appearednnext to the landing. A fire could be heard crackling merrily in thenfireplace, and many chairs and sofas were scattered around the room. Twonsmall tables with chairs and cloths were on the far side, and the room wasnbrightly lit by the sun streaming through the many windows. Heavy clothnwindow hangings adorned their sides. It was a sitting room of some sort. Two people Kate had never seen before were sitting at one table, drinkingntea and talking. They looked up when she arrived. Elizabeth stepped forward and curtseyed. \"If you please, Master, Mistress,nMiss Katherine McKay.\" Giving Kate a small smile of encouragement, she left. Kate stood amidstnsilence, as the two regal figures regarded her proudly. After what seemed like hours, the lady rose and extended one handngracefully. \"Welcome, Katherine. We are pleased to provide younhospitality and do so look forward to making your better acquaintance.\" Kate stepped forward, a nervous smile tensing her face. Her mind raced,ntrying to find elegant words. \"Thank you, Lady Mountbatten, LordnMountbatten. I am obliged to you for your generosity.\" The elderly woman waved her hand carelessly. \"Do not even think upon it,\"nshe replied graciously. \"You will be in our family soon, and will alwaysnbe welcome here. Do you not agree, Millard?\" She looked at the olderngentleman next to her. He only glanced up briefly and gave a curt nod,nthen returned to his paper. \"Please, dear, call me Millicent,\" the lady offered kindly. \"Call me Kate in return,\" Kate replied. She felt immediately at ease withnthe woman, and smiled genuinely this time. \"Will you have some tea?\" \"Please.\" Kate sat across from Millard, and accepted a cup from Millicent. \"Now, Kate,\" Millicent began, patting her hand in an affectionate gesture,n\"tell me about your upbringing. Where did your parents live?\" Kate thought quickly. \"My parents lived in Boston, Massachusetts, where Inwas born and grew up,\" she lied. \"Oh?\" Millicent looked quite impressed. \"And where are your parents now?nShall we meet them?\" \"My parents are not alive,\" Kate said quietly. \"I'm sorry, my dear,\" Millicent said regretfully, \"I did not know. I amnsorry.\" \"Thank you.\" \"How did you and Leopold meet?\" \"Well,\" Kate couldn't come up with an answer. She couldn't very well saynthat she had met their nephew in New York in the year 2002, fallen in lovenwith him, and followed him back into 1876. \"I.well--\" The door opened, and all three turned to look. Leopold strode in, wearingnriding trousers and a white shirt that was unbuttoned down to the chest. \"Ah, Leopold, there you are!\" Millicent cried, rising from her chair andnbeckoning her nephew nearer. \"Good morning, Aunt, Uncle,\" Leopold nodded politely to each in turn, butnstood where he was. \"Kate, might I persuade you to walk the streets withnme in this fine weather?\" The look in his eyes was of unmistakable concern, and not lost on Kate. \"Inwould love to,\" she said, joining him at the doorway quickly and giving himna meaningful glance. \"Please excuse me, Millicent, sir.\" \"Of course, dear,\" Millicent smiled. Millard only glanced at the pair innthe doorway and grunted distractedly. Kate followed Leopold's determined steps down the hall to the front doors,nwhere he paused to lift two heavy coats from the hooks on the wall.nOffering one to Kate, he put the other one on his shoulders. Katenrecognized the same coat from the night before, and his time in futuristicnNew York. Hers was obviously a ladies' cloak, with black crushed velvetnand a large, ornate silver clasp in front. Once outside she was grateful for its protection from the morning wind thatnchilled her face as she closed her eyes briefly. She opened them again tonsee Leopold looking at her, his eyes radiating adoration and happiness. \"Dearest Kate,\" he murmured, searching for her hand underneath her cloaknand bringing it to his lips, \"how was your slumber?\" \"I dreamt of you,\" she grinned teasingly. \"Ah,\" replied he, \"then it must have been a pleasant sort of dream,nindeed.\" \"Why must a dream involving you be pleasant, Leopold?\" Kate asked coyly. He drew her in his arms and placed a gentle kiss upon her forehead.n\"Because, my love, I am the man who will bring you all the happiness youndesire.\" She shivered, not from the cold, but from the promise in his words. \"Innever thought.\" she trailed off awkwardly. He pulled back slightly, still keeping his grasp on her arms. \"Thoughtnwhat?\" She smiled shyly. \"I never thought that I would find someone so right fornme. Leopold, you somehow saw who I really was. I have never shownnvulnerability to any one until I fell in love with you. And, much as itninfuriates me, you always know what I'm thinking before I even think it,nlet alone say it.\" \"Perhaps on our wedding day I shall vow to always infuriate you, untilndeath do we part.\" \"That's not funny,\" Kate pouted, but her eyes were laughing. He chuckled and offered her his elbow, which she took gracefully, and theynbegan to walk. \"How did you find my aunt and uncle this morning? You seemed quitencomfortable around them.\" \"I just love your aunt. She made me feel right at home. Your uncle,nhowever-\" He grimaced. \"I apologize for him.\" \"Does he not like me?\" \"Kate, it's somewhat complicated.\" Kate stopped and turned to him, her lips set in a challenge. \"Try me.\" He sighed. \"All right. He is somewhat upset that you are.that your familynis.\" \"What?\" \"That you are.not monetarily affluent.\" She laughed aloud. \"That's it?\" \"It's very important to him.\" Suddenly quiet, she looked in his face earnestly. \"Is it important tonyou?\" \"My God, no, Kate!\" he looked surprised at the question. \"Don't ever thinknthat about me! I am not such a coldhearted man as he. I am like mynfather. He was intended by his father to marry a daughter of a wealthynnoble of Her Majesty's court, but went against his family's wishes andnmarried my mother instead.\" \"Who was your mother?\" \"The daughter of a gentleman from Derbyshire. Not a large fortune, butndefinitely not poor.\" \"Did he love her?\" \"Eternally. The woman who was intended for him was cruel and haughty, butnthe alliance was desirable due to her beauty and connections. My fathernwould have none of it. He did not believe in a marriage by name, andnneither do I.\" \"I'm glad to hear it.\" Leopold smiled at her. \"When my parents were wed, they lived at Balinor,nthe manor where I grew up.\" \"How did your parents die?\" Kate asked quietly. He was silent for a minute, and Kate listened to the soft sounds of thencity waking. \"My mother died in childbirth.\" \"Giving birth to you?\" He shook his head. \"She became pregnant soon after I turned nine. Inremember my father being overjoyed. Now that he had a male heir for hisntitle, he and my mother yearned for a girl. When the child was being born,nsomething was wrong. It was breech, and the doctor was still miles away.nBy the time he arrived, the bleeding was so profuse that he could not stopnit.\" He paused, and Kate saw his eyes filled with the pain of the memory.n\"He was able to turn the child, but my mother died soon after. Three daysnafter I learned that I had a sister, she also passed on. My father shutnhimself in their room night after night, and I couldn't bear to approachnhim. He had a haunted look in his eyes for years. He never marriednagain.\" \"What happened to him?\" \"One night, when I was nearing eleven, he was out for a ride, and fellnabout five miles from the gates of Balinor. One of our servants found him,nand we called for the doctor, but it was too late.\" \"I'm so sorry, Leopold,\" Kate said softly, touching his arm gently. Hensmiled at her, but there were tears in his eyes. \"Since then, I have lived with my aunt and uncle at Balinor.\" \"Until you came to New York?\" \"Yes. I was about to make the most disastrous of mistakes that night.\" \"Yes, I happened to meet Miss Tree,\" she said, laughing. He also smiled. \"I was to announce her as my bride until I saw you.\" Kate sighed. \"I hate to think what would have happened had I been a momentntoo late.\" He shuddered. \"No doubt catastrophe. But, no matter. You are here now,nand we are to be wed. Ah, I nearly forgot! We are to have an engagementnball here tonight. My uncle and aunt insist.\" Kate's eyes widened in fear. \"But, Leopold! How am I supposed to getnthrough a night pretending as though I'm from this century? Your aunt wasnjust in the middle of asking me how I met you, and I'm sure every othernjealous female will be dying to know the same thing! What am I supposed tonsay?\" \"Concoct a story. That was your occupation, was it not?\" he teased. \"You're not helping,\" she placed her hands on his lapels and frowned atnhim. \"Your creative. I know that you'll be fine, even in the midst of all thencackling hens. That's what made me fall in love with you, Kate. You arenunlike any woman I have ever known.\" \"Flattery will get you everywhere,\" she grinned. \"Do you think I can foolnthe whole crowd into believing I belong?\" \"I have no doubts,\" he replied as they approached the front steps. \"Itnwill be good practice for Balinor.\" \"Balinor?\" \"Yes, I want to bring you to Balinor. Oh, Kate, I have wanted to share itsnbeauty with someone. I so much want to live there when we are married. Donyou approve?\" he asked, opening the door for her. \"Leopold, I jumped back a century to follow you. What's a few thousandnmiles?\" Kate smiled humorously as she walked inside. Hanging their coats up, he escorted her through the hall. \"Leopold?\" \"Yes?\" \"When do we leave for Balinor?\" He thought for a minute. \"Whenever you feel ready.\" She stopped in the middle of the empty corridor, and he turned to face her,nan inquisitive look on his face. \"How does next week sound?\" His face broke into a delighted grin as he drew her in his arms. \"I donlove you, Katherine,\" he whispered, bringing his face close to hers. \"And I love you, Leopold,\" she replied, \"whatever era we may be in.\" Her smile mirrored his as their lips met.[Chapter 2] Thank you so much for all the reviews! I have not had much free time, but I have finally finished this chapter. I hope you enjoy it. Please leave more reviews! :) Amberlynn ","Summary":" She recognized the melody, the strength of the emotion behind the liltingnmusic. Echoes of the viol"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Who Else","Author":"SassyKitten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/999948","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Who Else The lights were bright, the noise was loud, and people traveled innloud, brightly colored monsters. His thick coats and high boots stood outnlike a sore thumb as he passed people wearing what was insanelyninappropriate. The monsters growled and screeched at him as he crossed thenodd sidewalk, he sneered at them and continued. Whoever passed him gave him an odd look and pointed, but he didn'tncare. A police officer was standing on the corner and he stalked over tonhim. \"Man I am Sir Millard of Albany, and I demand to know where I am atnthis instant\" The cop raised an eyebrow. \"You're in Manhattan\" \"Manhattan?nWhere the bloody hell is that?\" \"New York\" Millard stared wide-eyed at thentall buildings. \"What sort of joke are you playing, has my nephew put younup to this?\" The cop shook his head and took Millard's arm, which jerked innsurprise. \"I think you should come with me sir\" Millard eyed the officer closely thennfollowed him down the street. Millard was watching the people and a mannpassed him wearing black slacks and a brown sweater and had a pretty blondenon his arm. \"Leopold!\" He called out. The man turned around with ansurprised look on his face when he saw his uncle. Millard shook free of the officer and took off running after Leopold.n\"Leopold what is it?\" Kate asked alarmed as he grabbed her arm and ran likenthe wind. \"My uncle\" He said, not out of breath, which made Kate wonder hownmuch he had to run back in 1876. \"So?\" Kate said, panting. \"He's going tonmake me go back\" Kate gasped and tried to run faster. The cop was yelling into his walkie-talkie that back up was needed and rannafter Millard as he ran after Kate and Leopold. Kate pulled Leopold intonthe apartment building and towards the elevator. As the cop and Millard rannto them, they turned and Kate slammed the elevator button with her hand.n\"Kate-\" Leopold said, his deep voice curved with worry. She acted as ifnthey were getting in the elevator as it opened, so naturally, the cop andnMillard fallowed, only to fall into the deep shaft while she and Leopoldnran up the stairs to get to her room. Charlie and Stuart were sitting on the couch watching 'I Love Lucy' whennLeopold and Kate came crashing in. \"Hey Katie, hey Leo. What's going on?\"nCharlie asked as he rose from the couch. Apparently, some of Leopold'snmanners had rubbed off on him. \"Leopold's-uncle-is-here\" Kate said in-nbetween desperate gasps for air. \"WHAT?\" Stuart cried, jumping to his feet.n\"But the portal closed!\" Leopold shook his head. \"Obviously, it did not\"nStuart was looking a little frantic. \"But that means anyone could comenthrough it\" Kate nodded as she poured a glass of water and drank it all innone gulp. \"But where is he?\" Charlie asked, the situation just dawning upon him.n\"He's in the shaft with a police officer\" Kate said, now more composed.n\"Oh\" Charlie said, raising an eyebrow. There was a brisk knock on the door,nKate was about to answer it, but Stuart held up a hand and answered itnhimself. \"Hello officer\" He said to a heavyset black man wearing a classicnNYPD uniform. \"Hello. We are looking for someone who we believe is in thisnbuilding\" Stuart nodded and asked. \"What does he look like?\" \"I can't saynfor sure, except that he is wearing a brown sweater and black pants, andnhis name is Leopold\" Stuart shook his head. \"Sorry, I haven't seen anyonenlike that. Is he dangerous?\" \"Probably not, but be aware\" \"I will officer,nthank you\" Stuart closed the door and turned to Charlie, Kate and Leopold. \"Way to go Leo, you are now a wanted man in great beautiful Manhattan\"nCharlie said and patted him on his broad shoulder. Kate gave her brother anscornful look and placed a quick kiss on Leopold's lips. \"Don't worry, wencan get over this um-Darci\" She said with dawning resolution and dialednDarci's number in her black cell phone. \"Hello?\" Darci answered, sniffling. \"What are you reading now?\" Kate asked.n\"Oh Kate, it's marvelous, it's Once Upon A Kiss, you have to read it!\" \"Inwill, but you need to come to my apartment now\" Darci paused. \"Why?\" Katengroaned. \"Just do it\" \"Um-Okay\" Kate hung up the phone and turned back tonthe three men. \"Okay, Darci is coming over, besides you Leopold, she's thenmost romantically idealized person in the world\" So they all sat back andnwaited. It was 10 minutes later when Darci arrived. Obviously she had been crying.nHer blonde hair was pulled into a messy bun as she came through the frontndoor. \"What? What is it?\" She asked. Suddenly, Kate remembered that Darcinhad never met Leopold, when the two most romantic people came together innonce room, it could be dangerous. \"Darci,\" Kate said in hernNo-nonsense tone of voice \"Yeah?\" Darci said, though her eyes were attachednto Stuart. \"Leopold's uncle has followed him here\" Darci's mouth droppednopen as her emerald eyes averted to Leopold who was sitting on the couchnlooking miserable. Kate told Darci the story over coffee, which Darci claimed would jump-nstart her brain. \"Well, it's obvious then\" Darci said. \"What is?\" Kate,nCharlie, Leopold and Stuart asked at once, all looking intently at her.n\"Knock him out and through him through the portal\" Kate groaned and Leopoldngave Darci a very odd look indeed. \"That's you plan?\" Charlie asked,nrunning his fingers through his hair. \"Actually,\" Stuart said standing up.n\"That may would work\" Stuart smiled at Darci and she returned it with a shynsmile and a blush. \"Great. Let's go do it then\" Leopold said. Kate raised anminnow of a gold eyebrow and smiled. \"Why, it seems like Charlie's rubbednoff on you\" Leopold gave her an alarmingly charming grin and kissed her.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two It was all formulated out, but there was one flaw that Charlie duallynpointed out. \"One little problem though Darci, the portal won't be open until God knowsnwhen\" Kate groaned and went to the kitchen to search for some wine or maybensomething a little stronger. She found an old bottle of Bailey's Irishncream and poured a glass of the thick creamy drink. She wandered back intonthe living room. \"It will be open this Friday, there's a thunder storm coming, but don't younthink that someone will notice that a police officer is missing? I meannFriday is in 3 days\" Stuart said. Darci was unusually quiet as she was staring at Leopoldnas the sunrays poured through the windows like liquid gold and made himnlook like some fall angel with his big brown eyes and messed up hair. \"I don't know, I don't know\" Kate groaned pacing a rut in the living room carpet as she sipped her glassnthat clinked with ice. \"But he can't go out wearing those clothes. I know this is going to soundnstupid, but Leopold, do you still have those 1876 clothes?\" He nodded slowly, not very sure where Kate was going with this. \"You should wear those, if anyone says anything, you're going to annaudition. Charlie,\" Charlie looked up when he heard his name and went to Kate's side. \"Yeah?\" \"Do you have the props you used for The Basement?\" \"Uh, yeah\" \"Get the wig and contacts, I never thought those would come in use fornanything\" Charlie rolled his eyes and went to get them \"What are you thinking Kate?\" Leopold asked as he put his wide-palmed hands on her shoulders andngently massaged them. Kate nearly melted under them and purred like ankitten. \"You worry too much Katherine\" He said softly in her ear as he kissed her cheek, he was the only onenshe anyone call her Katherine. Charlie came back holding a little white boxnand a blonde wig. \"You can not expect me to wear that. I'd rather go back\" Leopold said, his hands flying up to protect her thick dark brownnhair. Kate folded her arms and stalked over to him. It amused him that shenonly came up to his chest. \"Fine! Then go back to 1876 with your uncle. I have no trouble with that.nI'm sick of not having elevators anyway, so marry some chunky rich cow\" She sighed and slammed the door to her bedroom after she walked awaynto it. The three men watched her leave in amazement and Darci pouted as shenwent after her. She knocked on the door softly. \"Go away Leopold!\" It was obvious that Kate was crying. Darci slowly eased the door andnsaw Kate lying face down on the bed. \"I said go- Oh, it's you Darci\" Kate sat up, looking miserable. Darci sat next to her on the softnbed. \"Are you alright Kate?\" \"He wants to go back\" Kate said between sniffles. Her gray-blue eyes welled with tears asnshe said that, but she tried to blink them back. \"No, no he doesn't. I just think he's as scared about all that's happeningnas you are\" Kate looked at Darci like a little girl and Darci smoothed out Kate'snruffled hair. \"Do you really think so?\" \"Of course, here drink some water and we'll go talk to him alright?\" Darci said, handing Kate a glass of water. Kate sniffled a few morentimes before she drank deeply and whipped the corner of her mouth. Katenwandered over to the full-length mirror she had talked Charlie intoncramming into their apartment. \"Oh god, I'm a mess!\" Kate said with a watery laugh. Darci smiled and reached into hernpurse that was slung over her shoulder and pulled out her pink vinyl make-nup case and tossed it to Kate. \"I'll go talk to the guys, you make yourself more beautiful\" Darci was about to leave when Kate said \"You like Stuart don't you?\" Darci blushed and shrugged as she left. It broke her heart to seenLeopold equally miserable and upset as Kate was. But she had to smile whennshe saw that Charlie and Stuart were nursing his pain with beers of theirnown. Leopold stood when Darci entered the room and went to her. \"May I have a word with Kate?\" Darci looked over her shoulder at the closed door and nodded. \"Sure Leo\" Leopold smiled and knocked softly on the door. Kate must havenanswered him because he opened the door and came in. From what Stuart,nDarci and Charlie could see, Kate was sitting cross-legged on the bednwearing the infamous little black dress with her hair twisted away from hernface. \"You look beautiful\" Leopold said, his voice little more then a growl. Kate smiled widelynas she stood and wrapped her arms around his neck and held him close tonher. He kissed the top of her head and smiled. \"I'm sorry Leopold\" She said in his hard chest. He pulled her away and planted a softnreassuring kiss on her lips. The kiss heated as his tongue penetrated hernlips and Kate gasped against his lips. Slowly they fell to the bed. \"I want to make love with you Katherine McKay\" \"Sex changes everything\" \"Not sex\" \"But you just said-\" \"No, I said I want to make love with you, there is a difference\" Kate smiled brightly and brought his lips back to hers. Outside thendoor however, they had no idea what was happening. \"It's been a while hasn't it?\" Charlie asked. Now it was his turn to pace the carpet. \"Maybe someone should go in and check\" Taking his own advice, he went to Kate's bedroom. He opened the doornand let out of a scream that echoed in all centuries and their heavens whennhe saw naked limbs in twisted positions. \"Charlie get out!\" Kate cried and wrapped the dark blue blankets around her andnLeopold's naked bodies. Charlie ran out and huddled in a corner of thenapartment. \"What is it?\" Darci and Stuart cried \"They were doing it like rabbits!\" Charlie cried over dramatically. Stuart, like Charlie, lookednhorrified, but Darci was smiling and was mentally congratulating Kate andnLeopold. ","Summary":" Who Else The lights were bright, the noise was loud, and people traveled innloud, brightly colored "},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Kate and Leopold 2","Author":"SpoiledBratNo1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/911421","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kate and Leopold 1 (Review) Our last adventure was when Leopold had seen this guy in his world he had never known in his life. When he follows him he finds himself in this strange mans world. The mans name was Stuart.Leopold thought he had been dreaming as he saw the new and modern New York City. As he walked the street of New York he had found the bridge..... he was amazed that it had finished after all those years. After days he had grown to love Kate..... Kate just thought he was a weirdo that thought he was from the past. Before it was time to leave back home Leopold had had an arguement with Kate and she was mad at him. He wanted to say sorry before he left but there was no time at all. He had to go home before midnight. Kate had found out he was really from the past and was meant to be with him. She ran,ran,and ran until she got to the bridge and jumped off. She had gone back to the past wiht Leopold and he had said her name and they were married. Kate and Leopold 2 Now Back to Kate and Leopold. With 2 children (two girls)..... Katherine(3) and Emily(5). Kate had been thinking about her boyfriend Stuart and brother Charlie. Missing them so much. As well her husband Leopold has busy as usually. Then, all off a sudden she sees a strange man outside her bedroom window. He is coming up to her door as she hears the door bell ringing. She goes to open the door and the man is covering his face. She asks \"Who are you?\" No answer. She gets terrified as the stranger raises his head and she sees it is her long lost ex- boyfriend Stuart. She was in shock as she asked him to come in. She asked \"How did you get here?\" He had answered the portal had opened again. She hugged him in such happiness also saying she was just thinking about them. While she was packing her bags Leopold walks into the room. Leopold asked \"What are you doing?\" Kate answered \" I'm going to go visit my brother in the year 2002 and taking the children.\" Leave, you can't leave\" yelled Leopold. \"Why not,huh?\" asked Kate. Leopold grabs her and says \"I'm going with you.\" As they left the children asked Mother and Father where we were going. As they ran they answered going to visit your Uncle Charlie.They went to the bridge and met up with Stuart. He had brong extra goggles for the children. As they drag the children up the the jumping spot. Kicking and screaming they jump of the bridge with the kids. Kids looking at their house as they fall sreaming. Kate thinking how her brother looks after all these years. Leopold waiting to see the bridge done again. Kids have another thinking are they gonna die after this experirence. Stuart wondering if Charlie really took care of his dog while he was gone. A/N: Shout outz to my friends Jenny, Kathy,Monika,Billy, and SoccerChick. Pleaze R/R becuz I want to know what you think.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Kate and leopold find themselves in the apartment of Stuart. Kate kissing Leopold because she is so gladly to be alive. Kids waking up happy to see their parents and still be alive after their little situation. Leopold went on and had a little vacatoin to see New York City. Kate going to her old apartment to see Charlie. Children of course going with their mother as their father takes a tour. Before Leopold left this time he takes some normal clothes. Back to kate entering her old home. She enters and it is such a mess. Kate thinking \"That is what I get leaving a guy to take of a home by himself.\" She looks in the room and finds her brother sleeping in the bed. Waking him up in such exitement she hugs him so tight he couldn't breathe but got to say some words. \"Kate......I.....can't.....breathe!\" In such a little voice but enough for her to hear. \"I'm sorry, but I've missed you so much\" said Kate As Charlie strains to say some words he says\" Me too, but before you leave back home don't kill me of exitement.\" Hugging his sister(Kate). (leaving the house and meeting with Leopold as he sees the New New York City) As a girl passes with pink hair and boy with green, he thinks that he had been seeing things. He asked \"How did your hair get that way if I may ask?\" Kids leaving and looking at him like he is stupid. Leopold going finding himself back to the bridge. As he puts his hands in his pocket he finds a $100. He wonders if he can use this somewhere. As he passes so many stores one caught his eye. He had never seen anything like it. As he read the sign it said \"Burger King.\" He entered the store. Leopold asks: \"Ummm..... what can i get here?\" Employee: \" Sir....read the sign\" pointing at the sign above. Leopold looking interested: \" I'll have number 2. The Double Wopper?\" Employee: \"Would you like a drink with that?\" Leopold: \" OK? I'll have a Coke?\" Looking confused. (Leaving Leopold to his meal we find ourself back to Kete going to her job at the company. Thinking \"Why did i ever leave this I miss it so much?\") Everyone stunned like statues as she enters. Everyone says: \"Hi, Kate.\" As Kate left the building she met up with her husband. Leopold:\"This is where you worked before you came to leave with me. Right?\" Kate:\"Yea, everyone was stunned to see me. And I met their new manager.\" Leopold: \"Oh.\" Kate: \"Well, let's get home to the children.\" Leopold: \"Sure, let's go.\" On their trip home, Kate gave Leopold a trip on the way there. He seen where the twin towers used to be and very, very, very tall buildings. Seen the stores: Flower Shop, 99 cents Store, and they went and had lunch in McDonalds. He (Leopold) liked coke very much. At the house the children running all over the place and giving unlce Charlie a new kind of feeling of kids. Kate and Leopold came to an even bigger mess than it was when they first came. Charlie lied out on the couch as the kids taking a nap in the room..... Kate asked \"What happened?\" At the same time that she asked that question Stuart entered the window and had some good news and bad news. Charlie, Kate, Leopold: \"What is the news?\" Stuart: \"The good news is today is Monday.\" Everyone:\" Yea?\" Stuart: \" The portal closes this friday at midnight. So what ever you want to do or meet you got to do quick because time go bye quick.\" As we leave this Chapter 2. Wait till next time for their reactions in chapter three. A/N: Shout outz to my Aol friends and from school : Kathy...Monika....and Billy. If you like my story pleaz R/R so i can find out what you think about it. ","Summary":" Kate and Leopold 1 (Review) Our last adventure was when Leopold had seen this guy in his world he h"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Charlie's Century Mail","Author":"Broadway Magic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/659182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Charlie McKay glanced at Stuart Besser, who nodded. Deftly tying thennote to a package, Charlie grinned. How it had him so long to figure thisnout? Charlie's Century Mail, he called it. He'd been lying in bed onennight, when it came to him…. ~*~ Charlie leapt up in excitement, and ran to the phone. He had it! Henknew how to communicate with Kate! All he needed was Stuart's genius logicnto back it up. In his excitement, his fingers fumbled, and he dialed a fewnwrong numbers, before laughing at himself and using Speed Dial. \"Hello?\" Stuart's voice answered, a hint of surprise in his tone.nCharlie was lucky, he'd caught Stuart on one of the many days that he wasnup, mind pondering some kind of invention or other. \"Hey Stuart, it's Charlie. Yeah, I'm sorry to bother you,\" hensquinted at the time on the microwave. \"At 3:00am, but did you ever feelnlike you were on the verge of an all out breakthrough?\" the amused chucklenon the other end of the line was his only response. Of course…Stuart didnfind a crack in time. This reminded him of the reason he was making thenphone call. \"Anyway, if we can send people back 100 years, why notnobjects?\" Charlie paused, listening to Stuart's breath come in rapidnbursts. \"Charlie, I'm supposed to be the genius one!\" Stuart laughed. \"Well, my friend,\" Charlie replied, stretching languidly with ancontented sigh. \"It's a term we actors use called role-reversal.\" \"Perfect,\" Stuart breathed. \"a complete breakthrough.\" He rustlednthrough some papers, before coming up with a list of portal openings. \"Wentest it first thing next week!\" he started to hang up, but Charlieninterrupted. \"Oh, man, Stuart? How is Kate gonna know where to find the…whatevernit's gonna be?\" Charlie asked, spirits dropping. Stuart himself paused,nthinking. \"OK…address it to the Duke or Duchess of Albany. Someone is sure tonreturn it to one of them, no matter where it ends up.\" \"Alright, alright, smart guy,\" Charlie grumbled, though he smiled.n\"You be the logic, and I'll be the brains.\" \"Shut up and go back to bed, McKay,\" Stuart shot back, laughing.nCharlie grinned, and hung up the phone, striding confidently back to bed. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ \"Cmon Charlie!\" Stuart said persistently, tapping his watch. Charliengrinned at him. \"I really don't see how sending a cell phone to her isngonna help in 1877,\" he added. \"It's not like she doesn't have enough onnher plate, being there only a year, but walking around with a cell?\" Charlie shook his head and smiled. \"Just a little reminder of hernpast life,\" he joked. \"Special Delivery!\" Charlie yelled as he dropped thenpackage off the bridge. 1877 The blacksmith stared, puzzled, at the brown package. Although thenlettering was fuzzed, he could make out the lettering: PLEASE RETURN TO THEnDUKE AND DUCHESS OF ALBANY. It was a curious little shape, not seeming tonbe of threat to his lord and lady, Leopold and Katherine. Shrugging, henfinished a shoe, patted the horse's rump, and set off toward the mansion. The blacksmith's steady knocking was greeted as Otis opened the door.n\"Good day, Morris,\" Otis said warmly. \"What brings you here?\" \"Good day, Otis. I've a package for the Duke, and his wife,\" Morrisnreplied, holding out the small parcel. \"I'll be sure it is delivered to them,\" Otis replied, staringncuriously at the package in his hand. Morris nodded, and slipped off. Otisnshut the door and went to find Kate and Leopold. He discovered them in thensitting room, heads bent close, whispering and smiling. \"Your Grace,\" Otisnstated. They looked up and rose. \"Yes, Otis?\" Leopold asked in his usual kind, formal tone. \"Morris the blacksmith wished for me to deliver this,\" Otis replied,nhanding Leopold the package. As Otis and Morris had done, he studied thenpackage. Kate walked up and stood next to her husband, peering over hisnshoulder. The writing. Kate gasped inaudibly, and raised a hand to hernlips. Leopold looked down at her, eyes concerned. \"That will be all, Otis. Thank you,\" Leopold said. Once Otis left thenroom, he took Kate's elbow and led her to a chair. \"Kate, what hasnhappened?\" Leopold murmured, stroking her hair. \"Give me the card,\" was all she said. Leopold glanced curiously atnher. \"Please,\" she amended. Nodding, never taking his eyes off her face, henrelinquished the slip of paper. Kate came short of snatching it from him,nbut remembered where she was and took it gently, smiling. She opened thenfolded slip with trembling fingers, eyes scanning expectantly. Dear Leopold and Kate, Surprise! If you're reading this, you have just received an officialnnotice from Charlie's Century Mail!(HaHa) Anyway, this idea came to me onennight. Think of this: Leopold, Kate, you both jumped off the bridge intonanother time. Actually, Leo, you just went back to your time. OK, backntrack. If we could send you two, you PEOPLE, back in time, why not objects?nThis was our first test. If your reading this, I guess it was a success!nKate, Leo, I miss you two so, so much! Kate, your apartment was re-rentednby a young actress. Whoo-hoo! That's the only reason I regret you not beingnin it. Yes, I broke things off with Patrice, (Leopold shook his head inndisappointment at this) because I guess without Leo's wooing words, shenwasn't interested in Charlie McKay, aspiring actor. (Kate paused, looked upnat Leopold, eyebrow raised. Leopold smiled, and hastily urged her to readnon) This girl is amazing! You'd approve, Leo. She likes that flower unsuggested…I forget its name, but she likes it. (Leopold grinned, andnnodded, while Kate just sighed. Leopold and Charlie obviously did a lot ofnbonding while she worked) Her name is Anna Teish. Well, I want to havensomething to write for next letter, so I'll stop here. **FEEL FREE to dropna letter off the bridge at any time, just make sure it has my (or Stuart's)nname and address on it! Oh, Kate, I hope you're getting some fresh air, andnyou're not cooped up in a cell! (Kate and Leopold shared a puzzled look,nand continued) Stuart sends his regards. Love Always, Charlie aka (in Leopold Terms) Charles Kate sank back in her chair, hands clutching the letter. Leopoldnexpected her to start crying or something, but she turned to him with ansmile. \"Leopold's wooing words?\" she repeated, giving her husband anspeculative look. Leopold didn't seem fazed. \"I only helped him to speak his heart,\" Leopold replied honestly,nplacing a hand on top of Kate's head. \"But I am pleased to see he isnpursuing his interests with someone who shares his love of acting.\" Katennodded, before remembering the odd brown package. Leopold noticed it asnwell. \" Will you open it?\" he asked her. Kate nodded, and tore at thenwrapping. \"It's a…\" Leopold trailed off. \"A cell phone!\" Kate said dubiously, eyeing the sleek SONY. \"Leopold,nwhat am I going to do with a cell in 1877?! People think I'm nuts as is…\"nshe was silenced by the look Leopold gave her. \"Before you react, Kate, perhaps you should read this last note,\"nLeopold said calmly, handing her yet another slip of paper. Kate….Nah, I'm not crazy. If you walk around with this to your ear,nthen, YOU'RE crazy. Just a reminder….21st century is in your blood.nBesides, maybe it'll clue your19th century friends to get theirntechnological rear in gear….so maybe by my time, we'll have little robotnphones that walk next to us. Love Charlie \"He certainly has held onto his sense of humor,\" Leopold commentednwith a smile. Kate nodded, and left the room, returning with a navy velvetnbox. \"Here,\" she said. \"Put the notes and cell in here, so they don'tnthink us insane.\" \"Where did you have in mind, my Kate?\" Leopold asked. Kate blushednand looked down, face burning. \"My undergarment drawer,\" she mumbled. Leopold felt like laughing,nbut bit the inside of his cheek.. \"Samantha cleans there,\" Leopold replied, turning down the corners ofnhis mouth in seriousness. \"Well, she just won't clean there anymore,\" Kate said haughtily,nnoticing that Leopold's lips were pressed tightly together. Kate smilednslyly to herself. \"Undergarments.\" Leopold shifted uncomfortably.n\"Undergarments.\" A low chuckle escaped his lips. \"Katherine Anne Jessica Fiona Diana Sarah Mountbatten!\"( AN: I had tonmake up a name) Leopold boomed, springing from his seat. Kate laughed,npicked up her skirts, and dashed off, Leopold hot on her heels. Thenservants looked at eachother, appalled by the outlandish behavior of theirnDuke and Duchess, skittered out of the way as Kate and Leopold camencrashing down.[Chapter 2] \"Katherine.\" Kate looked up, suppressing a groan, as Millard stood by thenarmchair in which she was seated. She didn't detest Leopold's uncle, yet henreminded her much like Ebenezer Scrooge, a man with no priorities exceptnmoney, but who just needed a little change of heart. Clearly, he held thensame amount of affection for her, a penniless woman who just showed up andnruined his nephew's—or his own plans—to restore the family name. \"Yes?\" Kate rose respectfully from her seat. \"Katherine, Leopold has not come from his study in quite sometime. Do younknow what he is up to?\" Millard looked at her as though she was the reasonnbehind Leopold's isolation. \"I don't have the slightest idea,\" Kate said honestly. \"Would you like mento check?\" \"Please do. Not even Otis has been able to get him out.\" Kate resisted thenurge to smile. That was the closest thing to a compliment that Millard hadncome to pay her. She nodded, and walked off, tripping slightly on her longndress. She heard Millard let out a small groan. Before she got to thenstudy, she almost bumped into Otis. \"Ah, Miss. Katherine. I believe you are attempting to draw His Grace fromnhis hibernation?\" Otis smiled at her. Kate automatically smiled back at thenold man. \"Yes, Otis. Is he being that stubborn?\" Kate said. Otis nodded wearily. \"He is just being himself, I suppose,\" Otis replied, shaking his head withnamusement. \"Good day, Miss. Katherine.\" \"Thanks, Otis.\" Kate approached the study, and knocked lightly. \"I do not wish to be disturbed, Uncle. I thought I made that clear,\"nLeopold's voice said crisply. Kate sighed. \"Leopold, it's me, Kate.\" \"Kate,\" Leopold's tone warmed. \"Please, come in.\" Kate opened the door, andnsqueezed in, shutting the door gently behind her. He was sitting at a desk,npapers strewn around him, but he seemed intent on a piece of parchment. \"Leopold, what are you doing?\" Kate asked, puzzled. Leopold responded bynadding his signature to the paper. \"Leopold?\" \"There,\" he said, mostly to himself. \"Leopold!\" Kate was beginning to get irritated. \"Please!\" Leopold looked upnand smiled. \"I apologize, Kate. I finished writing a letter to Charles. We neednsomething to send to him.\" Kate smiled, and nodded. She'd meant to getnaround to that. \"So, any ideas?\" Kate inquired. Leopold looked thoughtful. \"Brioche?\" \"No,\" Kate wrinkled her nose. \"It wouldn't make the travel. How about….annoutfit? It would make his acting much more interesting.\" \"Brilliant, Kate!\" Leopold looked pleased. \"Charles will love it. Do younknow his size?\" Kate nodded again. \"But please come out, Millard is having a fit,\" Kate said. Leopold snorted.n\"Be nice, Leopold.\" Leopold sighed and held out his arm. Kate took it andnsmiled. \"That's more like it.\" Leopold grabbed the letter and they walkednout. Otis passed them in the hall, and bowed his head respectfully. \"Good to see you out and about, Your Grace,\" Otis said. \"Thank you, Otis,\" Leopold replied. \"LEOPOLD!\" Millard's voice boomed. Leopold groaned. \"Keep walking,\" Leopold whispered to Kate. \"You have to speak to him sometime or another,\" Kate whispered back.nLeopold sighed, and paused. \"I love you, Leopold.\" Leopold smiled. \"I needed to hear those exact words.\" \"You know it without hearing it.\" \"I know,\" Leopold smiled, and kissed her gently. \"Would you mind goingnahead and having some of the maids prepare an outfit for Charles?\" \"Sure,\" Kate said, and walked off, casually slowing down to see if shencould hear some of the conversation. \"Kate…\" Leopold warned with a small smile. Kate grinned sheepishly. \"I'm going, I'm going.\" \"Leopold,\" Millard walked up and leaned on his cane, frowning. Leopoldnnoticed that his uncle looked considerably older. Millard's breathing wasnragged, his face drawn. (AN: No, Millard is not going to die). Leopoldnstraightened respectfully. \"Good afternoon, Uncle Millard,\" Leopold said. \"How would you know if it's good, Leopold, if you have not been out allnday?\" Millard demanded. Leopold decided it was best not to answer that, andnkept silent. \"You've missed breakfast, and your lunch with thenWellingtons.\" Leopold held back a groan, and silently berated himself. Thatnwas to be an important lunch. Mr. Wellington was interested in supportingnhis plans for the elevator, though Millard thought otherwise. \"Uncle, I assure you I did not intentionally miss that lunch. I becameninvolved….\" \"In your plans for your invention?\" Millard interrupted. Leopold opened hisnmouth to disagree, then shut it. He could not tell Millard that he'd beennwriting to a young man 100 years in the future. \"Yes, uncle,\" Leopold said finally. \"Yes.\" Millard looked mildly disgusted,nbut he said the words that once barely affected Leopold, but now stung. \"You are no duke.\" Leopold simply nodded his head in acknowledgement,nkeeping his face expressionless. He made no comment. \"Excuse me, uncle. I have a wife to attend to,\" Leopold said crisply, andnturned on his heel and walked off. \"Are you alright, Kate?\" Leopold asked anxiously as he helped her up. \"Yeah…I'm just not used to climbing to the bridge,\" Kate said. Her footnslipped. \"Okay, freaked out now!\" \"Freaked out?\" Leopold frowned, before realizing that this was not the timena for 21st century slang lesson. \"You're doing fine, almost there!\" He putna package down, and helped her the rest of the way. \"Whew,\" Kate gathered her dress up, and stepped onto firm boards. \"Ready?\"nLeopold nodded, and picked up the package. \"Charles McKay, Apartment 6F,\" Leopold read. Kate nodded to him, and hendropped the package.\" ","Summary":" Charlie McKay glanced at Stuart Besser, who nodded. Deftly tying thennote to a package, Charlie gri"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Arthur Christmas: The New Santa","Author":"BooksAreMedicine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12278011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello fellow readers, it was has been so long since my last story. However, I saw Arthur Christmas for the first time tonight and felt so inspired by the wonderful message that I had to write this idea down. Please read and review, in the spirit of Christmas. \"He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree. \" Roy L Smith \"Christmas isn't a season. It's a feeling.\" Edna Ferber Arthur had been a surprise when he came. Mrs. Claus was only supposed to have one boy, to inherit the Santa legacy. There had been one Mrs. Claus many years ago who had 11 girls before having a boy at last. Their family did enjoy singing \"The Twelve Days of Christmas\" however, she thought smiling. There had only been one other case of two boys being born to a Mrs Claus, back with Santa number 13. However, they were identical twin boys who happily shared the Santa position. Even the elves had trouble telling who was who so it seemed as if there was only one Santa. Arthur had always been such an enthusiastic boy, eyes full of wonder and a smile full of joy and his infectious, if a little odd, laugh. He had really brightened up the North Pole once more with his sweaters and slippers and games. However, she knew her baby boy had struggled a bit to find his place in the operations with all of his fears of heights and his natural clumsiness. She had left it to her husband and Steve to find Arthur a place since she was so busy running the household, making sure their treaties with Greenland were up to date, and dealing with the cookie baking and managing the Elf Scouts. She had been wanting her husband to retire for the past ten years but something had held her back from pushing him. She knew if she said he should retire, he would retire for her and let Steve take over, but something wouldn't let her speak up. She always seemed to picture Arthur at that moment and how he still needed to secure a role for himself. So she held back her thoughts and only said neutral statements when Malcolm wondered about the next year. Now she knew her hesitation had been that her heart knew that Arthur was needed as the next Santa even if her mind didn't. She had never even considered it since Arthur seemed so wonderful in Letters and content to let Steve be the next Santa. Arthur had always adored his older brother even when Steve had no time or patience for him. She knew Steve wanted to prove himself to his dad and she knew Arthur idolized them both. It seemed only natural that Steve become the next Santa after all of his great ideas and hard work. Arthur seemed to fit in well as a sort of special elf, much like herself. Still, when she saw Arthur making the attempt to deliver the present Gwen, she saw her little baby boy all grown up and her eyes were opened. She knew she had been blinded by her motherly love for the two boys, and had only seen the most peaceful path for their family. This Christmas, she now saw how Arthur had been born to be Santa. His eyes full of wonder, his infectious joy, how much he cared about each child whose letter he answered back. How he had overcome his fears to take care of one child and how he had made Grandsanta, her Malcolm, and Steve see the true meaning of Christmas once more. She couldn't be more proud of her baby boy. So what do you think? I highly recommend watching the movie if you haven't seen it.[Chapter 2] So here's the next part. Please read and enjoy. If you really want to make my day as bright as tinsel, review. I don't own Arthur Christmas in any way except for my memories of it. Arthur had always been a puzzle to him. He was so different from Steve and himself and Grandsanta. For one thing, he was clumsy, Malcolm had no idea where he had gotten that from. For another thing, he didn't seem to fit into any part of the North Pole operation. He had been in maintenance till there was that accident and then Steve had moved him somewhere else...Letters it was. Malcolm had loved being Santa, being in charge, being the face of the North Pole. He couldn't image life without his job. Still, back in the nineties around when he completed his fiftieth mission, he had invited Steve to take a bigger part. Since then, Steve had some many ideas and new inventions and gizmos and all that Malcolm could barely recognize or remember how to do his job anymore. When he hit his sixtieth mission, he realized that Steve was doing more of the work than he was, a lot more. He considered perhaps that he should retire but he was afraid. He was afraid to become unimportant and forgotten about like he had done to Grandsanta. He didn't want to be sitting home at Christmas. He had spent so much of his life on the job that he didn't know who he was without it. Fortunately, his Margaret reminded him, he was her husband and a father. The world had changed so much and had become so big and confusing that he let Steve run things, from the background, but nonetheless, Steve was who was essentially in charge and had been since that Bill Gates had that invention...a computer. It was Steve who really got things done, he knew even though he didn't say it, that on his seventieth mission, that he really had been a hindrance and should have retired ten years ago. He hadn't realized how much he had stopped paying attention to others when he was giving his speech and realized he had no idea what his wife did nor what department Arthur was in. His wife had been taking so many classes that he couldn't keep track. Grandsanta was right about him being a turkey and Steve needing to knock him off get his job, he just couldn't face retirement and being forgotten and unimportant. He was very relieved when Arthur distracted them all with his game. He deferred to Steve in everything but letting go of his figurehead position. He missed the old days when he was the one teaching Steve how things were done. Then came that horrible announcement about a missing child! That had never happened to him before and he agreed with Arthur's panic and felt guilt welling up to fill his big belly. But then Steve was saying all of these numbers and insisting there was no way and that his mission was still a success. So Malcolm let his doubts and guilt slip away, for if that was his last mission as he feared it was despite his saying he looked forward to next year, he wanted it to be a success. So he went to bed, and fell asleep until the elves came pounding on his door and asking if children matter. He tried to remember what Steve said and was getting very confused with all of their panic till they mentioned that Arthur and Grandsanta had gone to deliver that present. Then Steve said that terrible thing about not caring about one child and all of the elves were properly horrified as he was. Steve left him all alone and it had been so long since he had actually been in charge, about 15 years or so that he couldn't take it and left. He went to Arthur's office in letter writing, to try to understand his youngest son. He was amazed by what he saw...the room was bursting full of Christmas spirit and love. The painting of Arthur on his knee made him smile till he realized how long it had been since he had truly paid attention to Arthur like he was in that painting. He didn't like things that confused him and so he ignored them and let Steve handle it...he had done the same thing to Arthur that he had done with technology. He read Arthur's replies and was touched by how Arthur still believed he was a great man. He felt unworthy to have a son like Arthur, who told children he cared when he had gone to bed and fell asleep (asleep!) when there was a still a child without a present. He knew he had to try to live up to Arthur's expectations and he resolved to get that present delivered. Fortunately, his wife and Steve showed up to help him. He then realized that he could retire, and still be loved and remembered. He knew Arthur wouldn't forget him. And when Steve thought he was like Arthur, he couldn't have been more proud of the comparison. His son had got them all to care about a single child once more. Then, that moment when Arthur hugged him and said he'd knew his dad would come broke his heart and helped him to see Arthur for the first time. Arthur was truly Santa, he cared about the children above all else, above recognition and acknowledgement. So he told Arthur to put the gift under the tree. Then, Arthur surprised and amazed him even more when he had them watch Gwen open her present. Arthur knew the most important things about caring for children and seeing the true meaning behind the missions, beyond the numbers that he had forgotten so long ago. He knew he had to tell Steve, and was so proud when Steve saw the truth as well. That was why Arthur had been a puzzle to him, he supposed. Arthur truly embraced Christmas spirit and thought and acted like a true Santa, something he had not understood for quite some time. Now the puzzle was solved and Arthur was Santa, he thought happily as he gazed upon his son.[Chapter 3] Here is the third installment. I hope you all enjoy it, like a christmas cookie with a glass of milk. I still don't own Arthur Christmas. Arthur was the one who always had time for him and his stories. He enjoyed the look of wonder and awe Arthur would give him as he regaled the stories of his time dodging bullets and his narrow escapes. It was such a nice change from Malcolm and Steve. They had no time for him and his methods anymore. He remembered when he took them on his wooden sleigh and got to teach them about the old ways of being Santa and see their excitement as they flew for the first time. Now, his son refused to retire and Steve had made the North Pole into a huge technology hub, bah. He'd have given anything to show those two that the old ways were the best. When he found Arthur worrying about that missing present, he saw his chance. He was grateful to get to take Arthur in the sleigh, like he had Malcolm and Steve even though Arthur spent the first part of the trip huddled on the floor. Once Arthur had sat up, he got to see that look of amazement and appreciation again. Arthur continued to impress him with his alien act and how he distracted those lions by singing Silent Night. The boy had spunk and brains after all. He was having the best time he'd had in a while until Arthur finally figured out his real reasons for coming along. That look of disappointment was terrible to see. Even worse was when Arthur seemed to have given up his Christmas spirit and had stopped caring on that beach in Cuba. He and Bryony had been treading very carefully since Arthur seemed one snowflake away from breaking down. He couldn't believe how selfish he'd been and to see Arthur stop caring! Arthur had always cared, and he had no idea what to do. But then, a miracle happened, Arthur saw the truth about Santa that he and everyone else had forgotten about! That it doesn't matter how Santa's gift gets there so long as they do. It only matters that the children feel cared for, something he realizes that they may have neglected to do for Arthur as well. Arthur had made that comment about being the one child that Santa doesn't care about back at the Pole...but Arthur made it so no child was left behind...however he did it, the old way or the new way. Arthur said he did it with worry, but Grandsanta knew he did with with courage, courage to face his faces (all of his fears, even buttons) for a child, just like a real Santa should. Arthur has helped Grandsanta see the truth and so he didn't mind sacrificing his old sleigh to get the present to Gwen, Grandsanta was proud to leave the Santa business in Arthur's hands for Arthur was the one to make sure every child got a present, that no child was left out, that every child knew that Santa cared.[Chapter 4] Here is the fourth installment. Just to repeat, I don't own Arthur Christmas but I do own a set of Christmas shaped cookie cutters. Please read and review if you want too! He hadn't been thrilled about getting a little brother. He'd liked being an only child, and confident that he'd be the next Santa. Arthur never seemed to leave him alone for those early years. He was forever tailing behind him and asking his questions, all with this adoring look on his face. It was nice to see but it got annoying when Arthur would trip and knock him down or slip something on him or wreck his new prototypes. Steve loved Arthur but as Steve grew older, he need to impress dad and prepare to take over the Santa gig and...well.. Arthur always seemed to be messing things up. Steve was so proud when their dad took him along on mission fifty-one to start to teach him how things were done. He had been waiting for years to share his ideas and now he could finally put the S-1 and the HOHO into action. Over the years, he took over more and more of the operations until his dad was basically just a figurehead. Steve was getting impatient to take over and at last receive the recognition and acknowledgement from his dad for a job well done. He had converted their whole operation and updated everything from protocol to how they entered houses to his dream project, the S-1. He figured that his dad was waiting for his seventieth mission like Grandsanta so he bit his lip and clenched his teeth every time his dad pretended that he was still in charge. His dad had let him run things for the last ten years by himself and Steve knew this year was the one. He had never worried about Arthur becoming the next Santa...Arthur was just so wrong for the job. He got too emotional and he was so ridiculous with his crazy sweaters and those stupid light up slippers. Thank candy canes that Letters seemed to be working out. He and dad had tried placing Arthur everywhere else but maintenance and wrapping had ended in disaster and for the rest, Arthur just messed with how Steve liked to run things. His insistence on making it perfect for each child was a prime example, that was totally sentimental and inefficient, not at all what a Santa should be. Steve was an amazing Santa, efficient, full of great ideas, and capable of managing every problem that came his way with confidence and ease, no discovery on his watch. Steve was so confident that he'd finally be Santa until his dad made that comment about waiting for next year. He couldn't believe it, after all of his hard work and new ideas and success. What would it take?! It was nice how Arthur believed in him...but he couldn't say this so instead he hid his feelings by pointing out all of the open doors. Seriously, did Arthur not feel the drafts he let in all the time? How hard was it to close a door? This is why his dad should have made him Santa! He could handle things like shutting doors, he could take care of the entire world after all! He had done a brilliant job tonight where as his dad had almost been seen and utterly panicked till he, Steve, had saved the day. Then, that horror of the missed child that threw Arthur into a panic, shouting and seriously thinking it was a good idea to wake the entire North Pole. He did feel bad but how could Arthur have missed all the children he did reach successfully, it was the most outstanding Christmas ever. It wasn't worth damaging the S-1 for one child. What did one child matter in the scheme of the other 2 billion successes? They would get the gift to the child close enough to Chrismtas...but Arthur kept going on about how it was a problem and about magic...Arthur just didn't get what being Santa was all about. He had thought that was the end of the silly matter until he learned that Grandsanta and Arthur had gone to deliver the present themselves. He had to stop them! He reasoned it was to protect them and keep the Santa secret but he knew it was mainly because he didn't want to have Arthur be the hero for getting one present to a child on time when he had gotten 2 billion on time. He couldn't risk his dad considering Arthur when he was still fighting to get his dad's attention. And the elves! He didn't see why everyone was going crazy because of this one child and he tried to keep things calm until he couldn't take it anymore. He realized that everyone was horrified when he said that one child didn't matter...but come on! He had done everything else right! Why should this one mistake define him? He was too proud to admit he was wrong and thus left his dad to fend for himself with the elves. Then he had to stop his dad from wrecking the S-1 and remind him what all he HAD done right that night. He was still going to be the hero...there was no way Arthur could have succeeded, especially not after the sleigh crashed. Till he realized he was at the wrong house and was absolutely terrible with children. Who knew that one boy could cry so loudly? And his dad's reaction, smiling when he compared him to his fool of a brother..what was that about? Since when was being like Arthur, clumsy, foolish, silly Arthur, a good thing? Till he saw Arthur was close to succeeding...Arthur had managed to make it to the house despite everything...maybe Arthur did have more talent that he gave him credit for. Then, he entered the house, still determined to be the hero despite Arthur's success when Arthur came down the stairs. He and Grandsanta and dad all fought over giving the gift till Arthur did something he'd never done before. He stood up to all of them and shushed them! Arthur, who respected Grandsanta, and worshipped dad and adored him, telling all of them that this child mattered more than who was Santa! That this child mattered more than who delivered the present. When his dad let Arthur put the gift by the tree, he starting to think seriously for the first time about Arthur being Santa. Then, when Arthur had them watch the child open the gift, Steve's heart melted at the look of pure joy on Gwen's and Arthur's faces. Maybe Christmas could involve emotion and sentiment and magic after all. Then, his dad finally looked at him and said he deserved to be Santa. But Steve had to acknowledge that his dad and Gwen were right, Arthur had acted like a true Santa. He had cared about the children, every last one of them. Arthur was bursting with Christmas spirit and emotion and caring, everything a Santa needed. In the end, he was happy with his job,not having to deal with children and getting to design many new inventions. Unlike dad, Arthur always acknowledged all of the work he did as COO. He could be the candle to Arthur's Santa...they were brothers after all and meant to be a family.[Chapter 5] Here is the last installment. It will be from the elves' perspective...unless you want me to write one from Arthur's POV? Let me know in reviews if you do. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur's Christmas, if I did, it'd be a bit longer so there could be more family dynamics shown. The elves had been of two minds about Arthur since he was born and boy was that a shocker. On one hand, Arthur was very Christmasy and loved Christmas which the elves admired. On the other hand, his clumsiness had been a big problem over the years, with destroying their barracks as the most destructive example. On one hand, he knew all of their names and was always kind to them. On the other hand, he frequently tripped over them and knocked them down and interfered with their work however unintentionally he did it. On one hand, Arthur was a Claus and thus worthy of their respect and loyalty and had the right to give them orders. On the other hand, he was scared of heights and buttons and Steve didn't respect him so some elves didn't either. That particular group loved joking that he should go to the South Pole so he didn't cause any more trouble or damage. Most elves, however, liked Arthur and felt like he was one of them, a fellow elf serving the cause. He was kind and tried hard and was great in Letters. Arthur cared so much about children and Christmas, just they did. The elves were especially disturbed when it seemed like children might not matter. They worked all year to bring joy to children and now one child might not matter?! They had been celebrating until they got a whiff of the news spotting Arthur and Grandsanta. Then, they were all working frantically and trying to figure out what was going on till they learned a present hadn't been delivered! They were horrified, they had failed...Christmas could be ruined! But then Steve got ahold of Arthur and Grandsanta and they saw that Arthur was trying to get the present delivered. Arthur was so optimistic about being able to do it and the elves were so happy. They could do it, just like Arthur said they could. Grandsanta and Arthur would be heroes, saving that child and delivering the present! It would have been wonderful till Steve ordered them to come home and the sleigh crashed. So, the elves went to Santa to learn the truth, did children matter? Did one child matter? Santa told them to ask Steve...and then Steve said children didn't matter . They were horrified, what had they been doing? Did children not matter? Did Christmas not matter? Did anything matter? What was the point to it all?! They were left alone waiting till they thought the they were abandoned when the S-1 left with the remaining Clauses. The elves went into full blown panic and decided to melt down the North Pole. They had been running around in fear for their lives till they saw Arthur delivering the present to the missed child. He would save Christmas! Children did matter! They were so proud of him, that he cared. Arthur was a hero to them, making sure that everyone child got their present. The elves started chanting his name, in wonder and pride. One of their own was saving the day and proving to all of the Clauses and themselves once more that a single child did matter. The elves called the S-1 to share the good news...Arthur was saving Christmas! Then the elves learned that Arthur was the new Santa and they couldn't be happier. He knew what it was to be an elf, the important of wrapping and bows, he listened to their ideas, he had Christmas spirit to share and most importantly, he cared about children. ","Summary":" Hello fellow readers, it was has been so long since my last story. However, I saw Arthur Christmas "},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"The Heart of Christmas Love","Author":"MWolfL","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10069003","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was another Christmas Eve, Arthur Christmas's second as Santa Claus in fact. They were in Green River, Wyoming at the moment. Arthur and Bryony, his main helper, were taking care of one home when Arthur accidentally tripped on a roller skate and hit the burglar alarm. It went off. \"I'm really starting to get tired of these things.\" Arthur groaned. \"Santa, we'd better go. We'll come back for the other houses once things have cooled off.\" Bryony said. \"Right-\" Arthur was cut off as he heard the people upstairs getting up. \"No time for the chimney.\" With that, Arthur and Bryony ran out the front door. Unfortunately there were cops nearby. \"Halt!\" One cop said. \"Oh perfect.\" Bryony muttered dryly. Arthur quickly picked up Bryony and ran away. After all if he got arrested then Christmas really would be ruined for the kids they hadn't delivered to yet. Fortunately, due to his long legs, he was able to get far ahead of the cops. Arthur then turned a corner...and nearly bum ped into a woman. She stared at him and Bryony, and then smiled as if she recognized him. \"Quick, take your coat off and put this one on.\" The woman took a newly bought coat out of the bag she had been carrying. \"Jump in here.\" She then said to Bryony. Confused, but not knowing what else to do, Arthur switched coats with the woman and Bryony hid herself in her bag. The woman then snatched Arthur's hat and stuffed it in her bag, and gestured for Arthur to turn around. At that point the cops caught up. Bryony quickly took Arthur's arm. \"Oh Belinda.\" The second cop panted. \"Have you seen a guy run past here? He was wearing a red coat and hat, must think he's Santa Claus or something.\" He then chuckled. \"I did, he ran past me and turned left at the corner.\" Belinda pointed. \"Thanks.\" The first cop said. \"Say, why are you out this late?\" \"Last-second Christmas shopping.\" Belinda explained. \"Managed to find the coat dad wanted, though had some trouble. I figured that I wouldn't be able to find parking so my friend and I took the bus to the stores, but it took so long to find the coat that we missed the last bus back and had to walk home.\" \"This far?\" The second cop was surprised. \"Well not entirely, we did stop for dinner along the way.\" Belinda shrugged. \"Now if you'll excuse us we'd would like to get home, we're pretty tired.\" \"Sure, and thanks again.\" The first cop said as he and his partner ran past Belinda and Arthur. \"Thank you.\" Arthur said with relief once the cops were out of sight. \"No problem Santa.\" Belinda smiled. Arthur looked stunned. Bryony popped her head out of the bag also stunned. \"How did you know?\" Arthur asked. \"I saw it in your eyes\" Belinda shrugged. \"Here, you'd better put your coat and hat back on, you still have presents to deliver.\" Arthur traded coats again and put his hat back on. Bryony hopped out of the bag as he did so. The three of them then started walking around the corner. \"I'm surprised you were able to accept his being Santa.\" Bryony spoke up. \"Oh I'm very open-minded. No one has really proven that Santa doesn't exist so I decided to continue believing just in case.\" Belinda smiled. \"It's more fun anyway. Besides, I've always believed in what you stood for: peace and goodwill. Why not believe in you as well?\" \"So, you recognized me through my eyes?\" Arthur was still confused. \"Yeah, you may not have the belly or beard but you still have the Christmas spirit.\" Belinda stopped in front of a door and took her key out. \"This is my place, I'd invite you both in but I know how busy you are this time of year.\" \"Oh it's okay, we're ahead of schedule this year.\" Arthur shrugged. \"Still, we should be getting back soon.\" Belinda unlocked the door and opened it. She then turned on the hall light. \"Just let me wrap my dad's present and get your snack out, I'll be going to bed soon anyway.\" She went inside. Arthur and Bryony followed her in. Instantly a little pug ran over yipping excitedly. \"Yes Pogo, I'm home.\" Belinda grinned. \"These two are friends of mine so be nice.\" Pogo sniffed Arthur and Bryony and yipped happily. He then leaned onto Bryony and licked her face. \"Well, it's better than being growled at.\" Bryony chuckled. Belinda took the coat she had bought for her father and started to wrap it. Belinda neatly cut some wrapping paper, got out some ribbon, and wrapped the package almost as well as an elf. \"Say, you're pretty good.\" Bryony was impressed. \"I've had a lot of practice.\" Belinda shrugged. She then placed the package under the tree and went into the kitchen to get some cookies and milk. She first brought out the cookies and then went back and brought out a couple glasses of milk. \"Since there aren't any kids living here I know you don't have anything to drop off, but here's a snack anyway.\" Belinda grinned. \"I haven't been able to do this for years.\" \"Really?\" Arthur accepted a cookie and glass of milk; Bryony took a cookie too. \"Yeah I know Santa only delivers to kids so I figured he'd never stop here unless I adopted a kid or something.\" Belinda explained. \"But it's okay, I don't need presents to have a good Christmas.\" Arthur and Bryony then took a good look around the place. There was a beautifully decorated Christmas tree, garlands, candles, a Christmas tablecloth, and even some stuffed animals around the place. \"Wow, you really are a kid on the inside aren't you?\" Arthur smiled. \"Uh-huh.\" Belinda smiled. \"So, forgive me for asking but I was wondering what happened to your beard and belly.\" \"Oh they haven't come in yet, Santa Claus is just a title passed down through the family.\" Arthur shrugged. \"I became Santa about a couple years ago.\" \"Oh, so your dad was the last Santa?\" Belinda guessed. \"That's right. My older brother Steve was supposed to be the next Santa but dad saw that I had more Christmas Spirit in me and made me Santa instead.\" Arthur nodded. \"I hope Steve was okay with that.\" Belinda said concernedly. \"He was a little disappointed but he got over it quickly.\" Arthur smiled. \"Well it was nice chatting with you but we'd better get back to work.\" \"Of course, I'll leave the rest of the snack here in case you want some more.\" Belinda nodded. \"I'd better get to bed anyway. I hope we can see each other again soon though.\" \"Sure, Santas always get January off so I'll be able to visit a few times next month.\" Arthur nodded. \"See you next year Belinda.\" \"Sure thing Santa.\" Belinda smiled. She then got ready for bed and fell asleep. Arthur and Bryony headed back into the EVIE. \"Are you two okay, we were worried ever since we heard the alarms.\" Steve said. \"Yeah, we almost got caught but this woman named Belinda realized who I was and pretended that I was a friend of hers to save me.\" Arthur nodded. \"A woman knew you were Santa? As in an adult woman?\" Steve was surprised. \"She said that she saw the Christmas Spirit in Arthur's eyes.\" Bryony explained. \"Plus she's remained open-minded all these years about Santa Claus since no one has officially proven that he doesn't exist.\" \"Well, that's because he does exist.\" Steve shrugged. \"But anyway I'm glad things worked out. We'd better finish delivering those presents now.\" \"Of course...and next year I'd like to add Belinda to the list.\" Arthur said. \"Sure thing, but you'll have to get her last name first.\" \"Oh...that's right I didn't tell her my first name either.\" Arthur remembered. \"Oh well we didn't have much time anyway, and I said I'd visit her again in January. We can exchange letters in the meantime.\" The rest of Christmas Eve went without a hitch. Christmas Day was fun too, especially since Steve and Grandsanta gave up arguing about technology and old fashioned ways ever since Arthur was made Santa.[Chapter 2] During December 26 Arthur wrote a letter to Belinda. Fortunately he was able to get her address from the main computer. Dear Belinda, Since we didn't have much time to get to know each other I decided to write to you and tell you a few things. First of all, my real name is Arthur Christmas. Also the elf that was with me was Bryony, who helped me a lot a couple years ago when I had to deliver a forgotten present. I'm not sure what went wrong...anyway one present got knocked out of the assembly line so Bryony and I, with Grandsanta (my dad's father) helping too, took a trip to deliver it. It was a bit of a hassle though, especially since it was my first time flying (I have this thing about heights...). Fortunately everything worked out for the best, and everyone ended up happy which is the most important thing. I'm glad to have met an adult who also has a lot of Christmas Spirit (and not just because you saved me and Bryony either) and I definitely want to see you again. But I really only can in January, starting February I'll be too busy to visit often. However I might be able to sneak some time off now and then to see you. My parents as well as Steve and Grandsanta already know about you and they like the sound of you. They're also grateful to you for saving me and Bryony from the police. See you in January. Arthur Christmas Belinda got the letter after a few days, and wrote back. Dear Arthur, I'm glad you wrote, I wasn't sure whether to send a letter or not because I know the postmen don't believe in Santa (like most other adults). However since your letter got through I guess this means my letters will too. My last name is Kermit oddly enough (at least you have a festive last name). But no matter, sometimes that's one of the good things about being female: you can easily change your last name by marrying a good guy with a better last name. I hope I find a great guy with at least a simple last name like Smith if nothing else. But I'm not rushing, I don't know a lot of good guys around here so I'm waiting for the right guy to come along. I'm an only child and an inheritor of a wealthy family. You probably wouldn't have guessed that due to the way I live, but I don't care about wealth. Unfortunately my parents do and have been pressuring me to marry a wealthy businessman. Oh well. Pogo is really my only friend, some of my previous friends found out that I still believe in Santa Claus and thought me weird for it. I've been kinda keeping it a secret ever since, pretty much the only people I tell nowadays are the kids I meet at my job. I'm a clerk in a toy store at the mall near my house. I love kids and have been wanting one of my own, but my luck with men has gotten to the point where I've been considering adopting. Anyway, I'm glad to hear that you care so much about kids too, though considering your job it's not surprising. Also don't feel ashamed about your fear of heights, that's actually a common phobia. I can see where it can be a problem for Santa Claus, but you do have family as well as elves helping you so I don't think you have anything to worry about. I really want to see you again too, so far you've been the most decent guy I've ever known. I also understand that you won't be able to visit me that often, it's okay. I prefer that you don't neglect your work, it's too important. We can always write through letters anyway. Also tell your family that it was my honor to save you, I had always dreamed of meeting Santa Claus but I never imagined that I'd end up saving him from anything. I hope I can meet them sometime, but I understand if they don't want to make the trip down here. Belinda Dear Belinda, Don't worry about the letters, we have a special delivery system for those. A few selected elves work in the dead letter offices year round to make sure that letters to Santa get delivered. Well, I've heard weirder last names so don't worry, yours doesn't sound that odd to me. You see I've been working in the mail room, where I respond to all the letters, ever since I was a child. Meaning I've gotten letters from kids with the oddest names, first last or both. And I hope you do find the right guy, anyone who loves kids a lot deserves to have a family. I was a bit surprised to learn that you come from a wealthy family, but I'm also grateful that you never let it affect you. You know I found some of your old letters and I'm now amazed by the selfless requests you had. After all you never mentioned in any of those previous letters that you were wealthy. Anyway, don't worry about your parents. Since you're a legal adult they can't force you to do anything you don't want to. I'm also sorry to hear about your friends, but then again a true friend is someone who sticks by you no matter what. And you can always find a true friend in me. Say, I was wondering how you came up with the name of your dog. I really like it. Thanks for the 'decent' compliment. 'chuckle' Also I don't think my family would be able to make a trip down there but maybe I can convince them into letting you visit. My parents and Grandsanta should be easy enough, but Steve is another matter. He's very protective. Arthur And that's how it went. They continued writing letters to each other and Arthur was actually able to visit quite a bit during January. Grandsanta had built a smaller sleigh that could be pulled by one reindeer in case a member of the family wanted to take a small trip somewhere, and Arthur now used it to visit Belinda. It was tricky to work out at first, but fortunately Belinda had a really tall fence around her backyard so they decided that Arthur could park the sleigh there. He couldn't outside of Green River because there was a wolf pack roaming the area. Oh, and Belinda explained that she named her dog Pogo because one of her favorite toys when she was a kid was her pogo stick. Each time Arthur visited he and Belinda had fun. They went ice skating or played in the park. Arthur was used to ice thanks to living at the North Pole so he got the hang of ice skating quickly. Belinda had already skated many times before, so it wasn't long until they were skating together instead of separately (Belinda originally kept her distance so that Arthur wouldn't knock her down if he fell). As for playing at the park, mostly they built snow sculptures or had a snowball fight, but sometimes they made snow angels. The kids and their parents already knew Belinda from the toy store she worked at, and so already knew about her childlike personality. Arthur was a stranger to them, but they were glad that Belinda had found someone to hang out with besides children. During hot weather Arthur and Belinda went to see movies or just hung out at her place. Arthur was fascinated by the recent movies, at least the animated ones. Most of the live-action ones weren't exactly kid friendly and so not really Belinda's thing...which was okay because they probably wouldn't have been Arthur's thing either. As for her place she had movies that had come out not so recently and Arthur enjoyed pretty much all of them, especially the holiday ones. When they weren't watching movies they were eating and chatting and laughing and...basically just having a really good time.[Chapter 3] Arthur of course kept asking his family about inviting Belinda over to the North Pole. He ended up right, it didn't take much to convince his parents and Grandsanta. But Steve was too protective, he kept worrying that Belinda might take photos and post them online or something. Finally during early November Arthur paid another visit to Belinda. He decided to just go ahead and plan out taking Belinda to the North Pole. They had gotten to know each other very well over the months, so Arthur knew that Belinda wouldn't take photos and share them. She already had to deal with losing friends due to her beliefs so it was obvious that she wouldn't risk anything worse happening. This visit happened to be the same time Belinda's parents were visiting. Belinda wanted them to meet Arthur, though reassured Arthur that she wouldn't tell them his real identity. \"So you're Arthur Christmas?\" Mr. Kermit said. \"That's right sir, Belinda and I met last Christmas and became friends.\" Arthur smiled. They were sitting in the living room drinking cider and chatting. Mrs. Kermit was allergic to chocolate so they couldn't have hot cocoa. \"Belinda has told us a bit about you.\" Mrs. Kermit said. \"You work at the same toy store she works at is that right?\" Arthur realized that Belinda came up with that to cover up his real career. \"That's right, my family and I live far away from here but when I was visiting this city I decided to get a job here. That's how Belinda and I met.\" Arthur went with it. They continued talking, Arthur telling them cover-up stories for his family. He couldn't mention Grandsanta, since it was rare for humans to live over a hundred, but he did talk about his parents and Steve. He said that his dad used to deliver toys from the factory to the stores and his brother works in organizing. \"Our family has always been a huge fan of Christmas, and we love helping kids receive their wishes.\" Arthur finished. As they continued chatting Arthur found himself feeling extra happy near Belinda. Belinda, at the same time, seemed to be trying to stay close to Arthur. Finally, after lunch, Arthur got up. \"Well, I'm sorry to leave so soon but things get really busy this time of year. They're going to need me back.\" Arthur apologized. \"It's okay, I'll see you later.\" Belinda smiled. \"Sure thing. It was nice meeting you both.\" Arthur smiled. \"Likewise.\" Mr. Kermit seemed to be saying that more out of politeness than anything else, but Arthur didn't notice. Arthur said his goodbyes, Belinda and her parents reciprocated, and Arthur left. At that point: \"So, what do you think of him?\" Belinda smiled. \"Well, he's a very nice lad but are you sure he's right for you?\" Mrs. Kermit asked. Belinda looked confused. \"Uh, he's just a friend. I haven't had a human friend in years so I was just wondering if you think he's good friend material.\" Belinda said. \"Friend only.\" Mr. Kermit nodded. \"What are you talking about?\" Belinda asked. \"Come now, we saw how you two looked and acted around each other.\" Mrs. Kermit was now confused. \"You acted as if you two were almost married.\" Belinda was stunned by this. She thought about it and realized that she had fallen in love with Arthur. However she decided not to say anything yet to her parents, she wanted to talk to Arthur first. \"Oh, I guess I was just overjoyed about finally having a true friend.\" Belinda lied. \"As for Arthur...well, he's always that joyful. He's full of Christmas Spirit.\" \"Ah.\" Mr. Kermit smiled approvingly. Mrs. Kermit, at the same time, looked relieved. Arthur, in the meantime, thought about how he felt around Belinda as he flew back home. He had no idea what had come over him. He had never felt so happy before, and certainly had never felt happy and nervous at the same time before. In fact he didn't even know it was possible to feel both at the same time. He decided to talk to his father about it, Steve probably wouldn't know and Grandsanta was probably taking a nap. \"Dad? Can I come in?\" Arthur said. Malcolm was reading a book in his bedroom, but he looked up and smiled once Arthur spoke. \"Of course son, come on in.\" Malcolm straightened up a bit and set his book aside. \"So, how was the visit?\" \"It was good, Belinda's parents are nice though a bit stiff.\" Arthur shrugged. \"Of course them being there meant that I wasn't able to talk to Belinda about her visiting here soon but I can just write her a letter.\" \"Of course you can.\" Malcolm smiled but then noticed Arthur's confused expression. \"Is there anything wrong?\" \"Not really, I'm just trying to figure out something.\" Arthur shrugged. \"You see when I was near Belinda today I felt both really happy and really nervous at the same time. Can you think of any reason why I'd feel that way?\" Malcolm smiled again. \"Of course, considering I once felt that way a long time ago.\" He said. \"Really? What about?\" \"My love for your mother.\" Arthur looked very stunned. \"Wait, you mean...?\" Arthur couldn't believe it. \"That's right, you've fallen in love with Belinda.\" Malcolm smiled. Arthur didn't know what to say, so instead he thought about it. As the time passed he realized that he really had fallen in love with Belinda. He knew he had to tell her, but he didn't want to tell her in a letter so he got another idea. Hi Belinda, Still haven't convinced Steve to let you visit, but I've decided to bring you here anyway so that you can meet my family. After all I already met yours so it's only fair, plus I trust you. I know you won't take advantage of the visit. I was thinking next January, after New Year's. Does that work for you? Arthur Hi Arthur, That works great, how about January 3? I usually spend January 1 and 2 taking the decorations down. Belinda Arthur agreed to January 3. Both he and Belinda felt giddy about that day, because they both had decided to admit their feelings then. Arthur decided to let Belinda meet his family first and then tell her just before taking her home, and Belinda decided to tell Arthur as soon as they arrived.[Chapter 4] The next two months were spent with excitement and joy, but also a little worry. Now that Belinda was back on the list Arthur had to think of a special present to give her but couldn't think of one. They mostly did toys, so he knew that it had to be a special toy or something homemade. He wasn't good with arts and crafts, so he decided on a special toy. But what kind of toy? He spent many days trying to figure it out. Then finally, a week before Christmas, Arthur decided to look around the remainder of the toys (the ones added under the tree along with the asked-for toys) and see if he could spot anything that would work. He did, a beautiful reindeer stuffed animal. He remembered that most of Belinda's stuffed animals were either bears or dogs, so she'd probably love a Christmas themed one. Especially one that was realistic and had a beautiful harness and bridle on it with golden bells that actually rang. Since the reindeer hadn't been reserved for anyone Arthur took it and wrapped it up. Fortunately Bryony had been teaching him how to wrap presents so he did a decent if not good job of it. After he was done one of the toy elves burst into his room. \"Sorry for the intrusion Santa, but the large reindeer toy we had been hoping to give to someone special went missing.\" The toy elf, Dan, saluted. \"Oh, I took it.\" Arthur looked disappointed. \"I was planning to give it to Belinda.\" Dan relaxed. \"Never mind.\" He smiled. \"You see we had been planning to give that reindeer to you. Since it's technically yours you're free to do what you want with it.\" Arthur smiled, relieved. Christmas Eve came and went. Belinda was happy, though not surprised, that 'Santa' visited her and left her a package. However she was surprised to find the reindeer in the package. She hugged the reindeer, loving it already. \"I think I'll name you...Jangle.\" Belinda smiled. Then January 3 arrived. Arthur, grinning the biggest grin ever, headed for Belinda's door. But before he could knock he overheard something: \"I'm engaged to a big business bureaucrat!\" That was Belinda! Arthur froze at the door, not knowing what to do. But then he started to feel his heart break and so did the only thing he could: ran away crying. He just kept running until he reached the country. By that point he was really tired, and so just sat down on a rock and cried. But, he got it all wrong. If he had arrived a few minutes earlier this is what he would've witnessed: Belinda's parents had made an unexpected visit. \"Mom? Dad? What are you two doing here?\" Belinda was surprised, normally her parents would call first. \"We have wonderful news and couldn't wait to tell you.\" Mrs. Kermit smiled. \"Really? What is it?\" Belinda was hesitant, she knew that she and her parents had different perspectives on a lot of things. \"You know the guy who owns the toy store franchise you work for?\" Mr. Kermit smiled. \"Mr. Asset? Kinda. I do know that he loves money and hates it when his employees take a break.\" Belinda winced, remembering one time he had visited her store; it obviously hadn't been pleasant. The weird thing was, he had started visiting her store more frequently ever since he first visited while she was working there. At least according to the manager. \"Well he has taken a shine to you ever since he first saw you and has asked me for your hand in marriage.\" Mr. Kermit smiled. Belinda was shocked, horrified, and all sorts of other unpleasant emotions. \"I'm going to marry a big business bureaucrat?\" She cried, furious. \"But Belinda, he has plenty of money and will be able to take care of you.\" Mrs. Kermit protested, shocked by Belinda's outburst. \"I can take care of myself!\" Belinda snapped. \"Don't take that tone with us young lady.\" Mr. Kermit scolded. \"He is very wealthy and so there is nothing more to discuss.\" \"Money this and money that, is that all you two care about?\" Belinda glared. \"There are more important things than money, like love and helping others. That's why I took the job at the toy store, not for money but because I love helping kids. And I don't love Mr. Asset, in fact I despise him! He's a jerk and a cruel man who cares nothing except for wealth and appearances. I'll never marry him, not matter what. Besides, I love Arthur Christmas!\" Belinda's parents looked eve more shocked. \"I do love him...I really do.\" Belinda was now coming to terms with how strong her feelings for Arthur really were. \"He's the one I want to be with. At least he has a heart, plus he loves kids and doesn't have skewed priorities. I'm leaving, and I'm not coming back until you two come to your senses.\" With that, Belinda put on her coat, hat, and gloves, grabbed her purse, and left. She then remembered that Arthur was coming over today, and figured that he was running late. She started to head for the park, since he could easily see her from his sleigh, when she ran into Bryony. \"Bryony? What are you doing here?\" Belinda asked, confused. \"Looking for Arthur, the two of you were supposed to be on your way back by now but he's not answering.\" Bryony explained. \"What are you doing here, shouldn't you be with him?\" \"I was but I thought he was running late.\" Belinda now looked worried. \"Oh no, if he was on time then he must've overheard me and my parents arguing. They set me up with some business jerk...I guess he felt too embarrassed to stay or something and left.\" \"If he did he must be on foot.\" Bryony now was worried. \"Good thing we have trackers in our HoHos, I can use mine to locate Arthur.\" She turned her HoHo on and sure enough got Arthur's signal. \"Come on, we'd better find him.\" Bryony said. \"I'll call Steve as soon as we get closer to him.\" They ran off in the direction the tracker said Arthur was in. They traveled until they reached the country. But when they got there they got a huge shock: there was Arthur's HoHo lying in the snow, but no Arthur. Instead, there were a bunch of pawprints. \"Wolf tracks.\" Belinda paled. \"Oh no...how can this be? Wolves normally leave humans alone...\" \"I'd better call Steve and ask for backup.\" Bryony called Steve's number worriedly. After a quick explanation Bryony hung up and waited for Steve to arrive. He did along with his assistant Peter and some armed elves. They followed the wolf tracks to a cave...but instead of meeting up with wolves they met up with a smaller canine. \"A husky?\" Peter said confusedly. Belinda dropped her mouth open and approached the husky. \"Snowblow? Is that you?\" She said. The husky wagged her tail and nuzzled Belinda. Belinda joyfully hugged her. \"You know this husky?\" Steve asked. \"Back when I was a girl I found Snowblow around here as a pup.\" Belinda explained. \"I wanted to keep her but my dad doesn't like dogs. I had to leave her here and I've felt bad about it ever since.\" Suddenly some wolves showed up, but they were actually docile. Snowblow broke free of Belinda's grip and started heading for the cave, looking over her shoulder and barking as she did so. \"I think she wants us to follow her.\" Belinda realized. She, Steve, Bryony, and Peter did but the rest of the elves stayed behind. The wolves let Belinda and the others pass and enter the cave. There was Arthur lying unconscious! He also had a couple wolves lying on him. \"It looks like Snowblow and the wolves brought Arthur here to keep him warm.\" Bryony guessed. \"Snowblow, these wolves have been taking care of you haven't they?\" Belinda guessed. Snowblow just barked. \"I'll take that as a yes.\" Belinda smiled. Steve and Belinda carried Arthur outside with Bryony and Peter following. Snowblow followed too. Eventually they reached EVIE, and Steve and Belinda carried Arthur onto it. Bryony, Peter, and Snowblow followed them onto the ship. No one protested about Snowblow, they had a feeling that she still wanted to be Belinda's dog anyway. \"So now what?\" Steve asked. \"Well, I told my parents that I wouldn't be coming back until they came to their senses.\" Belinda said. \"So I was wondering...can I stay with you guys? I want to be there when Arthur wakes up anyway, I'm really worried about him.\" Steve studied Belinda for a moment and realized that she was telling the truth. \"Very well, you can stay.\" Steve smiled. \"But what about Pogo? And there's Arthur's sleigh to consider.\" Bryony pointed out. \"Belinda and I will come back for them after we get Arthur home.\" Steve said. \"It won't take too long, a few hours at most.\" \"Great, I'll get the rest of my stuff too.\" Belinda nodded. \"My parents are sure to be gone by then anyway.\" So that's what they did. After taking Arthur to the medical ward Steve and Belinda went back to pick up Arthur's sleigh and Belinda's most important items along with Pogo. Fortunately, most of the people who lived near Belinda were on vacation anyway so there was nothing to worry about.[Chapter 5] Some more hours passed, and finally Arthur woke up. He couldn't believe his eyes. \"Belinda?\" He said. \"Yes, it's me.\" Belinda smiled. \"I'm so glad you're okay, I was really worried about you.\" \"But...but what about your engagement?\" Arthur asked. \"My parents set it up, I never wanted it.\" Belinda shook her head. Arthur smiled and his heart healed. \"That's good...I mean that you didn't want it.\" He said. \"I was hoping that we, well...\" He took a deep breath. \"I've fallen in love with you.\" Belinda smiled and hugged him. \"I've fallen in love with you too.\" She said. Arthur hugged her back. They stayed like that for a few minutes until finally...they kissed. And so Belinda moved in with Arthur and his family. She got a room of her own, where she slept with Snowblow and Pogo. She also had written a letter to her parents, using her old address as the return address. Dear mom and dad, I truly love Arthur, with all my heart, and so have moved in with him and his family. I won't write to you again or anything like that until you learn that love is more important than wealth and cancel my engagement to Mr. Asset. I do love you both but there are times when I feel that you don't care about me or my happiness. Belinda A mail elf was stationed at Belinda's old home as a temporary tenant until they got a response. The mail elf used up the leftover food in the fridge and made certain that Belinda hadn't forgotten anything. Belinda already got her bedroom furniture and didn't need to keep any other furniture so it was all good. After around three months the response from Belinda's parents came back. Dear Belinda, Your mother and I are so sorry for making you feel as if we didn't care about you. We do, really, but I guess we showed it the wrong way. We have cancelled your engagement to Mr. Asset, because your happiness really does mean a lot to us. Arthur may not be wealthy, but he does make you happy so if you want to be with him then we'll allow it. Again, we're really sorry. Your father. With that, Arthur took Belinda over to her parents' house using the one-reindeer sleigh. They arrived in the evening when few people would notice them. Belinda's parents did, but none of the neighbors noticed a thing (thank goodness). \"Belinda...what...how...\" Mrs. Kermit stammered. \"Mom, dad, the truth is that Arthur Christmas is Santa Claus.\" Belinda said. Obviously Mr. and Mrs. Kermit's minds blew a few fuses. Once they got over the shock though they apologized big time to Arthur and Belinda. Arthur forgave them instantly. \"Belinda still wants to live with me and my family, but you can still write to her at the North Pole.\" Arthur smiled. Mr. and Mrs. Kermit agreed to do so and promised to write as often as possible. Belinda promised to do the same thing. So that was that. Belinda was very happy in her new home. She and her parents wrote to each other often, and Belinda got the hang of helping Arthur and the elves prepare for Christmas. She perfected her wrapping skills and got extra baking tips from Mrs. Claus. But mostly, she and Arthur kept each other happy. After a couple years, Belinda became the next Mrs. Claus: Belinda Christmas. That's right, she and Arthur got married. Since Belinda's parents had retired by that point and didn't have many reasons to stay in Green River they decided to move into the North Pole with their daughter and new son-in-law. And a little over a year later, a new addition to the family was born: Ivy Christmas. The first female Santa Claus. Of course about four years later Ivy got a brother named Nick, but it was Ivy who really was into delivering peace and goodwill. Nick soon showed more of an interest in working behind the scenes like his Uncle Steve. ","Summary":" It was another Christmas Eve, Arthur Christmas's second as Santa Claus in fact. They were in Green "},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Arthur's Christmas Gift","Author":"The Dark Knight's Revenge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7606076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Arthur snuck inside the last house of the christmas night, waving his hand to the elves that were offering to usher him inside. He could handle this one on his own. Silent as a cat, Arthur crept into the living room, smiling as he saw the christmas tree with a small pile of gifts under it, and the stockings by the fire. He slipped an orange and chocolate bar into each one, smiling as they bulged with treats. Next, he set down the small package due to the girl in the house. He remembered her letter very well. It was simple, Virginia Rockwell wanted just a book of fairy tales. And odd request from a girl not that much younger than himself, but better than some of the odd things he had seen on christmas lists. An almost unintelligible click startled him from staring at the tree, and Arthur turned around to see the copper-haired Virginia Rockwell herself standing in the doorway. \"Santa?\" She asked, clearly confused. Arthur flushed bright pink. He hadn't grown anything even resembling a beard yet, and seemed completely unable to put on weight. All the sliding around in his slippers wore off calories like crazy. \"Erm, uh...\" Arthur said, looking for an escape route. \"It's all right, I won't tell anyone\" Virginia replied, giving him a wink and a smile. \"Do you want some hot cocoa?\" Arthur found himself nodding, even though he knew it was against every Santa protocol in the book. Steve was going to have a hernia. Virginia led him to the small kitchen, motioning to a wood seat at the table. Arthur sat awkwardly, wondering what on earth he was going to do. No doubt the elves in mission control were plotting to get him out, but he would just have to stay still until then. \"What's your name? Or do you go by Santa?\" Virginia asked as she poured milk into a saucepan. \"Arthur, Arthur Christmas\" Arthur replied, finding himself blushing again. Virginia was only wearing a long white nightgown, that sent even his Christmas-oriented mind wandering. \"No doubt you know mine\" Virginia said, spooning cocoa powder in the saucepan then coming to sit across from him at the table. \"Erm, Virginia Rockwell, right? I read your letter\" Arthur said, trying not to fidget too much. \"I thought you had elves to do that\" Virginia replied, her brilliant green eyes fixing on his. \"Well, I do... But I like to read some of them myself\" Arthur said, beginning to relax a little. Virginia nodded, then got up to stir the cocoa. She poured two mugs then came back to sit down. Arthur sipped his cocoa, racking his mind for other things to talk about and trying not focus on how pretty Virginia really was. \"I suppose you have to go... I shouldn't keep you from the other children out there\" Virginia said after a while. Arthur downed the rest of his cocoa, trying not to choke as it burned his throat. \"I'm sorry i'm no good at conversation, I mean- I just, Erm. Yeah\" Arthur mumbled, standing up. Virginia laughed. \"Come on, i'll walk you out\" She said sweetly, leading him to the front door and unlocking it. \"Well, erm...\" Arthur said, unsure of what exactly to say. \"Thanks for the cocoa Virginia\" \"Drop by next year, Arthur\" Virginia replied, reaching out and straightening his red and green plaid scarf. \"I will\" They stood there for another silent moment, then Virginia looked up. Arthur looked up as well, wondering what could be so interesting on the ceiling. Then he saw the small bundle of green foliage hanging above their heads. \"Sorry, mum put that up\" Virginia said, her cheeks flushing a light pink. Arthur realized he was blushing as well. Without really thinking, Arthur took Virginia's small hands in his and kissed her cheek. Then tucked a lock of red hair behind Virginia's ear and slid out the door. Virginia shut the door, sliding down the wood into a sitting position, holding her cheek where Arthur had kissed it. He was the sweetest, if not shyest boy she had ever met. One thing was for certain. Neither of them could wait for next christmas.[Chapter 2] As Arthur boarded the EVIE, he kept his eyes fixed on the floor, unable to make eye contact with any of the elves passing him. Why had he kissed her? What on earth possessed him to kiss Virgina Rockwell? And WHY couldn't he stop thinking about her? Arthur was so mixed up in his thoughts that he walked face-first into Steve, who's military build outmatched his stick-like form, sending him backwards into the floor. \"Arthur! Are you all right?\" Steve asked, pulling his dazed younger brother to his feet. \"Dandy\" Arthur replied sourly, patting Steve on the chest and steeping around him. \"What happened in there?\" Steve asked, following on his heels. \"I'll tell you later\" Arthur growled, realizing that it was the first time ever he hadn't been in a good mood. He felt... almost... No, it couldn't be.. He couldn't feel lonely, could he? Maybe he was just hungry. \"Well then... Erm. We'll be home in a few minutes\" Steve called after him. Arthur ignored his brother, going to his room on the EVIE. Arthur felt completely drained after giving his first ever successful mission speech for the elves, barely able to make it to his room before collapsing. He splayed out on his bed, setting his HOHO on silent mode and closing his eyes. Kissing Virginia's soft cheek had been wonderful, he wished that he could do it again and again and again and again. And maybe after that he would gain the courage to kiss her on the lips or the forehead... Arthur smacked himself, unable to stem the flow of thoughts. He had never really thought about girls before... Mainly because the North Pole was decidedly humanless, and there had never been time. You know the old saying \"out of sight, out of mind\" But now that he had been in the presence of a girl, and a beautiful girl at that, he felt a growing attraction building inside that seemed to grow by the minute. Red hair, soft skin, green eyes... She was the perfect one for him. Arthur pictured her dressed in a green sweater complete with red scarf, the colors matching her eyes and hair. Soon, he fell asleep. Virginia sat on her bed, watching the sun slowly rise and thinking about the boy that had been in her house only a few hours before. It would be lying to say that she didn't find Arthur attractive, and the way he kissed her cheek... it made her knees melt. She could only wonder what his soft lips and candy cane breath would feel like when they were kissing her own pink mouth. But, Arthur lived thousands of miles away in the North Pole, with no phone or email as far as she knew. And unless she stayed up on Christmas next year, she would probably never see him again. Long distance relationships didn't work anyways. Then, and idea came. What was it Arthur had said? That he had read her letter and that's how he knew her name? Virginia got off her bed and went to her desk, getting out a piece of paper, pen and envelope. 'Dear Arthur,' She began to write. 'Thank you so much for visiting me. Please come again, if you're allowed. I really enjoyed your company, and I think I feel something for you...' Virgina scowled and scratched her message out. It was too forward... What if he was scared off? \"Dear Arthur, \"Thank you for staying last night, I really enjoyed your company. Please do visit again before next Christmas- that is, if you're allowed. I also wanted to thank you for the kiss. It was very sweet of you to do. Please write back, or even call me- i'm sure you can find my number. Yours, Virginia\" Virginia sighed, then slid the letter into the envelope without another thought. She addressed it, figuring there was only one Arthur Christmas at the North Pole. Digging in her desk drawer once more, she pulled out a stamp. She stuck it on as she slipped on her boots, running down the hall and out the front door. The post box was at the end of her block, and in the weak sunlight, Virginia's breath clouded the air in front of her as she ran. When the end of the block arrived, Virginia slipped the small envelope through the slot in the mailbox before she could change her mind. Maybe, just maybe... Arthur would get her letter.[Chapter 3] Arthur let out a shaky breath as he held up Virginia's letter to the light. No, he wasn't imagining it. The letter was really there, addressed to him and from Virginia Rockwell. His heart fluttered as he wondered what could possibly be in it. Slowly, as if holding a bomb, Arthur opened the envelope and slid the letter out onto the desk. After looking at it a moment, he unfolded it once. Then waited another moment, then another fold. Finally, he was able to read the print. \"Dear Arthur, \"Thank you for staying last night, I really enjoyed your company. Please do visit again before next Christmas- that is, if you're allowed. I also wanted to thank you for the kiss. It was very sweet of you to do. Please write back, or even call me- i'm sure you can find my number. Yours, Virginia\" Arthur slumped down in his chair, holding the letter to his chest. His stomach felt as if someone had just poured cocoa into it at just the right temperature. After a full minute of visualizing Virginia Rockwell, Arthur sat up. He had to call Virginia. If nothing else, he would steal Steve's HOHO and use that. \"STEVE!\" He yelled at the top of his lungs, throwing open the door to his room and leaving it wide open, as usual. He slid down the hall in his China made reindeer slippers, leaving every single door along the hallway open. \"Arthur!\" An elf yelled out. \"Sorry!\" He called, trying to run and look over his shoulder at the same time. \"STEVE!\" He yelled again, looking forwards just in time to run face-first into Steve and get thrown to the ground in a daze. \"Arthur, you really should stop doing that. That's twice this week\" Steve's voice came from somewhere above him. \"And for heaven's sake's... Shut the door!\" \"Steve!\" Arthur sprang up from the ground like a rubber band. \"Yes?\" His older brother asked, baffled for the second time in a week by his brother's antics. \"I need to borrow your HOHO, it's for a very special reason, and I promise I won't accidentally drop it in my cocoa...\" Arthur pleaded. \"What... happened to yours? Steve asked, raising an eyebrow. Arthur froze. \"I believe I mentioned cocoa?\" He said sheepishly. Steve looked at him concernedly for a moment, then handed his HOHO over. \"Be careful, Arthur. And shut the doors on your way back\" Steve said. Arthur hugged his brother, then tucked the precious HOHO into his sweater pocket before sliding back down the hallway, shutting every door behind him. \"thgirb si lla, mlac si lla, thgin yloh, thgin tnelis\" He began to sing at the top of his lungs. After all, who else could sing Silent Night backwards? Back at his desk with the door tightly secured, Arthur pushed his cocoa cup to the other side of the desk. He took the HOHO out and set it on the desk, unsure of what button to press first. Arthur decided to search for a worldwide phonebook. Surprisingly enough, Steve had invented that app. Arthur clicked on it, then typed ROCKWELL, VIRGINIA into the second search bar. 3, 125 results came up. Arthur's jaw dropped. \"Errr...\" He clicked on the first one. A picture appeared of an old lady with no dentures. \"EUGH!\" Arthur cried, punching the back arrow. After checking the 238th Virginia Rockwell the HOHO's battery died. Arthur pushed the phone aside dejectedly and flopped back into his chair. A new idea sparked him. He had her address didn't he? Why didn't he just pop down to England for a visit? \"STEVE!\" He yelled for the second time that day. \"NO\" Steve said, snatching the dead HOHO out of Arthur's hand. \"What do you mean NO?\" Arthur asked, following his brother around mission control. \"NO means you cannot go down to England for some joyride, Arthur\" Steve said tiredly. \"But i'm SANTA!\" Arthur cried. \"I'm your older brother. We are working on EVE-1, Arthur. She can't fly right now\" \"But, Steve-\" \"NO Arthur!\" Arthur watched as his brother strode off to attend to some paperwork. His plan B had been effectively thwarted. As he trudged back to his room, Arthur had another Epiphany. If he had her address... He could just write her a letter! Why hadn't he thought of that first? Arthur ran back to his room, leaving all the doors ajar on his way. He slid into his chair with a sigh, rooting around for a piece of paper and a pen. Heart racing, Arthur began to jot down sentences, not even bothering to notice he misspelled several words in the process. When he was finished forty-five seconds later, he paused to admire his handywork, instantly frowning. \"Dear Virginia, THanK yoU FR yyyyyour leter, Im vary GreetfuL yu wrot bakk. I wentz to call YoU, bat i cANt find yur NumbAA. Pleeze seD wif nexTa LeveTA -Luv, Arturd.\" \"That wasn't what I meant at alll...\" He growled, moving the sheet aside and trying again. \"Dear Virginia, Thanks so much for your letter. I'm very grateful you wrote to me. I tried to call, but I can't find your number in the 3,125 Virginia Rockwells on earth. Please send with next letter. Love, Arthur.\" Happy with his second draft, Arthur shot out of his chair in search of a stamp and envelope. When he found them, he dashed back to the desk, grabbing a sheet of paper without pausing to look at it. Addressing it and stamping it with gusto, Arthur exited his room in a flurry of paper, not noticing his second draft of the letter drifting down under his desk.[Chapter 4] \"Dear Virginia, THanK yoU FR yyyyyour leter, Im vary GreetfuL yu wrot bakk. I wentz to call YoU, bat i cANt find yur NumbAA. Pleeze seD wif nexTa LeveTA -Luv, Arturd.\" Virginia Rockwell set down Arthur's letter, unsure whether to laugh or be angry... The letter was obviously a mistake, at least she hoped so or Arthur's writing skills needed desperate improvement. \"Dear Arthur...\" She began her reply. \"Are you feeling all right? Your last letter was rather odd. Anyways, summer is coming. My family is going to America until September, we'll be staying at this address: 3337 Holly Blvd. New York, New York. Please write often... All my love, Virginia.\" Virginia's stomach fluttered at what she had written without even thinking. Would Arthur consider it too forward? Did SHE consider it too forward? Before she could rethink the whole operation, Virginia folded the letter, put it in an envelope and licked it shut. There, now she couldn't change her mind. Virginia searched her tidy desk for stamps, realizing she was out. \"Damn\" She muttered, grabbing the letter and going for her coat and scarf. She would have to run down to the post office. \"Mum, I'm going to the corner store for stamps, we're out!\" Virginia yelled, her voice muffled as she wrapped her scarf all the way around her head. It was March already, but the weather was insanely cold. All the way to the corner store, which was three blocks away, Virginia thought about Arthur. What was he doing right now? Probably poring over children's letters for Christmas already and drinking cocoa... In actuality, Arthur was tearing his hair out and spilling cocoa all over everything in his agitation, but she didn't know that. Virginia pictured Arthur's nice brown eyes, all sparkly from the permanent Christmas cheer in them. The way he had looked at her on christmas... It made her heart melt like warm chocolate. Virginia hopped the last few steps to the corner store entrance and slid in, unraveling her scarf a little in the warm building. Five minutes later, Virginia was stepping out of the store, stamps and letter clutched in her hand. If she could stick the stamps on as she walked then she could put the envelope in the box on her way home. Virginia began to peel the stamps off, sticking them to the envelope as she stepped out in the street without looking. A horn sounded, and she looked up from her letter just in time to see the bus racing towards her. The envelope containing Arthur's letter fluttered slowly to the ground. Arthur paced around his room, much like he had been doing for the past two months since he had sent Virginia the messed up letter. \"Dear Arthur, you're a loon. I hate you\" He said, imagining the beginning of Virginia's letter. \"Dear Arthur, have you gotten your head checked?\" He knocked over a stack of letters in his frustration and bent to pick them up. \"Dear Arthur, please don't speak to me again\" He said, frowning as he voiced his real fear. Virginia's reply should have been there a week ago. \"Maybe she ran out of stamps?\" He asked himself quietly. \"No, that can't be it. She's on holiday\" Arthur finished re-stacking the letters, then sighed and went to his desk, where he turned on the old battered computer. He had tried the social websites millions of times, looking for Virginia Rockwell. Thousands came up every search he made. He had given up weeks ago on that method of communication. Arthur pulled up Google, typing in Virginia Rockwell. He hadn't tried a straight up google search yet, though it would probably be just as hopeless. He aimlessly scrolled down the list of random bits of info, barely looking at the article titles. Then one caught his eye, making him sit straight up, heart pounding. ENGLISH BUS ACCIDENT: VIRGINIA ROCKWELL IN CRITICAL CONDITION Arthur clicked on the link with a trembling hand. A news article from a couple weeks back came up, complete with a picture. Red hair, limbs askew, blood pooling around the body... Arthur could barely read the story. Virginia's pale face kept taking over his mind, cold and hurt. He reached the end of the article, fixing his gaze on the accident photo once more. Then promptly fell out his chair in a dead faint.[Chapter 5] When Arthur woke up, the world was tilted at a very odd angle. Then he realized that he was laying under his desk. He pulled himself up, holding his head in pain as he sat back in his chair. What had just happened? The computer had fallen asleep while he had been on the floor, so he jiggled the mouse. The computer creaked back to life. Arthur reached out for his cup of cocoa, taking a sip of the cold chocolate. He turned back to the screen, jaw dropping. ENGLISH BUS ACCIDENT: VIRGINIA ROCKWELL IN CRITICAL CONDITION. The events of earlier came back to him, and he grimaced. \"When did this happen?\" He asked sadly, brow furrowing. He scrolled up and down until he found the date. One month ago, just about the time that his letter should have arrived. Arthur stared sadly at the screen, his insides feeling like they had been filled with ice. He scrolled down the article again, this time actually reading it. \"...She was carrying stamps and letter at the time, addressed to an Arthur- WHAT?\" Arthur shouted, reading on in horror. \"The letter was addressed to the North Pole, and the victim, should she survive, will be questioned regarding her mental health. The victim remains in critical care at the Evelyn Mary hospital.\" Arthur sat back in his chair in shock. She had been hit by a bus while trying to mail her letter back to him. It was all his fault. He had to get to England, immediately. Arthur stood up, momentarily dazzled by the light his slippers made in his slightly darkened office. He slipped them off, groping under the desk for a pair of dusty tennis shoes that he had left under there when he had gotten his slippers. Once he finished tying his laces, Arthur began walking down the hall, opening and closing doors as he went. He stopped at his bedroom and went in quickly, grabbing a backpack from the closet and filling it with an extra set of clothes. He caught sight of himself in the mirror, noticing his gaudy christmas tree sweater. That wouldn't do for walking around England in April. He slipped the sweater off and pulled out a dress shirt and jacket he'd never worn. It didn't really suit his personality, but he had to look right if he was going to rejoin civilization for a time. Arthur finished packing then reached under his bed, pulling out a little wood box. He opened it. Inside was a silver chain with a small teardrop pendant on it. He had made it himself, making the pendant out of a rare shiny stone that only existed at the North Pole. It shimmered like the Aurora Borealis, in the same colors. He secured the box in the front pocket of his backpack, zipped his black jacket, and exited the room, flicking off the lights and shutting the door behind him. He walked two doors down to Steve's room and knocked. After a minute it opened. \"Arthur?\" Steve asked incredulously. Without the ugly christmas sweater and slippers, Arthur looked completely normal. Steve stuck his head out into the hallway and looked both ways. All the doors were closed. \"Are you feeling all right?\" Steve asked, big brother instincts kicking in. Arthur looked worried. \"Steve, I need to go to England.\" He said solemnly. \"Remember that girl I told you about? Well, she's had an accident. Hell, I don't even know if she's still alive.\" It was all too much for Steve. He fainted. When he woke up, Arthur was kneeling over him. At first he thought it was just a dream, then he saw the tennis shoes and normal clothes. \"What is going on, Arthur? Y-you used a swear word!\" Steve stuttered. \"I guess I'm growing up a little, Steve!\" Arthur said, brow creasing. \"I want to go to England to see Virginia, and I'll be damned if you'll stop me!\" Two swearwords. Steve almost fainted again, but Arthur grabbed his face and shook it. \"You will find a way to get me to England, Steve, or I will swim there.\" He said seriously. \"Well then. I guess I have something to show you... Steve said sheepishly. \"Merry Christmas?\" Arthur stood, opening the door for Steve, who hauled himself to his feet and straightened his hat. \"Come to the hangar.\" Steve said, leading the way. Arthur closed the door behind him. ","Summary":" Arthur snuck inside the last house of the christmas night, waving his hand to the elves that were o"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Steve Christmas","Author":"NeoAlchemist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9686680","Passage":"[Chapter 1] North Pole. Mission Control. December 23; Eve of Christmas Eve. 6:30 p.m. \"Hey everyone! It's our favourite time of the year again!\" Arthur came into the mission control room again with a whole bunch of letters in his arms, greeting each elf on the way, and taking the proper way down the stairs this time. He then saw his brother on his espresso making chair, taking a sip off his drink and staring at the big screens as usual. He went straight to him and waved the letters in front of him. \"Hey Steve! Guess how much letters there are this year! It's so good that kids send so much!\" He then took a look at Steve once more and realized he wasn't paying attention. Steve was buried deep in his thoughts today. He wanted to experience it one more time. The moment when a child got their Christmas gift, their happy faces as they showed it to their parents. The thought made him feel nostalgic but then bitter memories came afterwards. The following Christmas, Steve thought the elves would have the same reaction as that kid when she got her present. Turns out the elves weren't the same as the kids as he thought. When he gave Peter a bicycle as well, the elf simply looked at him in a strange way, and more than respectfully accepted the gift, even though he took sideward awkward glances back at him as he went back to his room. Steve was glad he took and liked the gift, but it was a bit.. disturbing seeing the elf look at him like that. It wasn't the expression he anticipated. But regardless of being bad with children, he still wanted to see it, just once more. But then, if he were to go, who would take care of the place? It's been three years since Arthur became Santa and since Steve took his place in mission control as the Executive COO. North Pole Operations. He got to sit in a big black leather command chair with a built-in espresso machine for goodness' sake! Every year the man would smile back at his brother and continue on with his job. He was happy. Peter, his assistant then tapped his leg. \"Um, sir?\" Steve came back to his senses and looked at the letters. \"Ah, thank you Arthur. You can... give them to Peter for him to do a check on the kids. I'm going to take a small break.\" Arthur replied, \"Ah, uh, okay. You take it easy.\" With that the other man left the room leaving Arthur with Peter. He looked at the elf and silently gave him the papers. \"Is Steve okay? He seems a bit down lately.\" Peter shook his head as he took the stack. \"I'm sorry to say that I'm not so sure. He's actually been like this since a month ago. Not even an espresso will lighten his mood.\" Arthur thought for a while, then lit up with an idea. \"I'll just go ask him what's wrong. Have a nice day, Peter!\" With that Arthur bounded off after him to the exit without closing the doors. He almost collided with Steve in the nearest corner and skidded a bit to the side before regaining his balance. Steve jumped back a little and put his hands on the wall to still himself. \"Goodness, Arthur what are you doing?\" Arthur turned around and faced his brother with a concerned expression. \"Steve, is something on your mind? You seemed troubled back there.\" The other man sighed and put his fingers to his nose bridge. \"Look, Arthur. As the role of Santa, you have many responsibilities. So you needn't concern yourself with me.\" But the younger brother only furled his brows and asked, \"Is this about me being Santa?\" Steve grimaced and stuttered back, \"N-no... maybe...\" Arthur continued to stare until he gave out a big sigh once again and crossed his arms with his eyes averted to the side. \"Okay fine, yes it does have to do with you being Santa. But I don't have anything against that,\" he explained properly, setting his hand straight in front of his face. \"It's just, I know I'm not very good with kids and all but, when we saw that little girl with her pink bike...\" At this Arthur beamed at his brother. \"Then this year you can come with me! The kids don't need to know who Santa is, just that he came. Oh I can't wait to tell dad.\" Steve looked back at him baffled. \"Don't be ridiculous, Arthur. There can only be one Santa. Besides, who will take care of mission control? Now if you excuse me,\" Steve made his way back to the room, closing the open door behind him, departing from a very confused Arthur. Clause Residence. 8:00 p.m. That night the family was once again seated together for dinner in a while. Miss Clause came in the room with a whole well-cooked chicken for everyone and took her seat while the boys began to get their share of the meal and eat away. After a few moments of peaceful silence, the soft tapping of Steve on his HOHO, and the quiet bickering of grandSanta complaining about his teeth, Arthur spoke up first. \"Dad, I was thinking, if it was allowed, um since Christmas is just around the corner, tomorrow, maybe both Steve and I can deliver the presents together this year.\" GrandSanta sputtered on his meal and began gawking while Steve stopped his texting and shot Arthur a frown before looking to his father. The previous Santa thought long and hard, until he felt a hand on his arm and looked up to see his wife. \"Oh dear, I think it's a wonderful idea. Steve hasn't gone out in a while and as Santa's right hand man, it would be of most fitting if he were to see the world with his own two eyes.\" Malcolm then asked, \"But who would take care of mission control?\" Steve completely agreed on this. \"Yes, who would, Arthur?\" GrandSanta only cleared his throat, sputtering loud sounds and a bit of food here and there. He pointed a pointy finger at his eldest grandson with one eye closed and a toothless smirk. \"Listen 'ere. They ain't any elves here for no reason boy. Even you need to go out sometimes,\" He spread his arms above him wide. \"You ain't even got t'ride Eve for goodness sake! Oh poor Eve, poor, poor Eve. My damned grandson has not even had the chance to see real magic.\" GrandSanta put his head in his hands and grumbled nonsense as he remembered that event a few Christmases ago. Their father started to nod, taking in the words of grandSanta. \"But, but father-\" Steve proclaimed, but Malcolm put his hand up and looked at his son. \"Both your mother and grandSanta are right. Even though you may not be Santa, it would be nice if you could, you know, go out with Arthur once in a while.\" Arthur nodded with a smile, completely agreeing to this. \"You could ask Peter to do it this year. Or Bryony-\" \"No.\" \"-or a few of the elves in mission control. There's a whole bunch of them, I'm sure of it.\" Steve was about to protest but then, he thought, who was he to refuse? Peter knew enough of how things rolled, and there were plenty of fine elves that knew what they were doing. He sat back on his seat and sighed, \"Fine.\" The whole family had a happy evening dinner, the night before Christmas Eve. Mission Control. 9:15 p.m. \"What?! But sir! You can't, I'm simply an assistant! Today is Christmas Eve! I can't just take control of the entire HQ!\" Steve shushed him to lower his voice. \"Pipe down, Peter. I know it's hard but my family insisted that I go out.\" \"But sir-!\" \"No buts, you will take control. You've seen me do it for years, and I think you're ready. And I'll tell you what,\" Steve fought with himself for a bit and sighed deeply after a long while. \"You... get to sit on my chair and make your own espresso. But only for this Christmas.\" The elf beamed at this and shook Steve's hand with delight. \"I won't fail you, sir! Don't worry, and enjoy yourself!\" Peter then scampered away, flowers appearing around him. The man frowned but shook the thought off and went to sit on his command chair, slouching while looking at the giant screens. He stroked the arm of it and pressed the button for an espresso. Taking the cup he mumbled into the drink, \"Poor Noel, another will take control of you this year...\" Apparently that was the name of his chair, and he loved it deeply. North Pole. December 24. Christmas Eve. 8:00 p.m. Arthur was strapped on to his red suit with the traditional black boots and white gloves with the white fluff at the collar, and buttoned it down to look at himself in the mirror. To top it off, Arthur put on the soft red hat with a white pompom to complete the set. He still looked pretty skinny for the role of Santa. Good thing his mom tailored it to fit his size perfectly. Smiling big he thought, \"It's the kids that matter.\" With that Arthur made his way to the S1, to see Steve in his hot pink striped suit he wore a few Christmases ago. He seemed to be talking on his HOHO in a business-like manner. Seems like he's always busy, even when he was going to spend the Christmas with Arthur. He shrugged and went inside to the main control room. From the window he saw the rows of reindeer that were pulling the S1, happy that they added the extra magic. Steve also made his way to the top and found Arthur and stood beside him, putting his hands on the smooth surface of his ship. \"Why did I let you talk me into this?\" he grumbled. Arthur only shrugged and smiled, looking out the window. From mission control, Peter sat in the power seat, sipping his warm espresso and calling orders for preparations. \"Okay, sir. We're ready to launch, start the countdown!\" The elves proceeded and began the launch. \"Ten, nine, eight, seven...\" Arthur then looked at Steve and patted his shoulder. \"It's great to have you this Christmas.\" Steve just huffed, looking straight. \"...five, four...\" The current Santa then perked his head up. \"Oh yeah, by the way Steve, I have a surprise for you later.\" Steve looked at his and asked, \"What is it?\" \"...two, one, blastoff.\" \"It's a surprise obviously. But I'll tell you for sure it has to do with what you wanted to do.\" The S1 took off from the North Pole and soared through the sky, almost magically as the reindeer galloped along, turning the dark night into a blue starry cosmos. Haha I have completed this chapter hoorah! I was actually planning on making it longer, but I decided to make you wait... because there will be a very juicy part that I'm excited to write soon ;). Until then, please leave reviews so that the next chapter (and the juicy part) can come sooner.[Chapter 2] Sorry this update took so long! Apparently I've been getting extra work and projects even when it's near the holidays. Also because lately the internet connection on my computer has been down, which is strange because I usually receive good signals... Anyway, enjoy everyone! B.C., Canada. 2:00 a.m. Last batch of presents to be delivered. \"Arthur, for heaven's sake, where are you taking me?\" Both them and the elves just finished tonight's mission with a huge success, and just a small sack of presents left for one more place. Arthur pulled Steve along by the arm while the man held the red sack over his shoulder. It was in a small suburban town, and the two were headed towards a small building. Steve looked back at the S1, finding that the elves had their faces pressed against the window in awe. Most likely the elves back home were doing just the same. Gratefully no cameras would be following them as soon as they entered the small building. Successfully going in through the back, Arthur made his way through the halls will Steve following just behind his heels. \"Arthur, how do you know your way here?\" he asked, looking around. For some reason there were no cameras, and he wondered why. Finally the two made it to a giant room with a big christmas tree in the middle. It glowed beautifully in the dark and gave a soft light to its surroundings. Steve set the bag down and realized that this was a daycare from the finger painted reindeers and the squishy rubber mats. Arthur seemed to know what he was thinking and took out the presents from the sack and laid them down on under the christmas tree. \"It's not just some daycare, Steve,\" he whispered and smiled warmly. \"It's an orphanage, and the kids are sleeping upstairs, making it easier for us to see them get their gifts.\" The other man realized this and was glad that he got to go along with Arthur this Christmas. B.C., Canada. Orphanage Daycare. 2:24 a.m. They were done setting everything up for the children, and it was their time to go. Later they would come back to see the kids open up their presents, as Arthur proposed. Well, the S1 would be able to cool down anyway before that, making it okay, Steve thought. Turning to go, he saw a plate of cookies and milk, and took a sip while Arthur lifted the cookie up. They cheered their cookie and milk to tonight and had a little laugh. It was a while since Steve laughed and felt like this. The man was grateful that he was able to become closer with his brother, even though he did get on his nerves from time to time. After their first trek into the orphanage, Steve already knew the way back and decided to lead them back. Well, I'm just that great after all. The man smirked to himself. After their first turn down the hallway Steve went to look back and saw that Arthur wasn't behind him. \"Arthur!\" he whispered into the empty hallway. Probably lost his hat, he thought. Turning around with slight irritation, he immediately collided with something and fell forward. Regaining his balance at least minute, the man almost fell on top of the shadow. A shadow that had... deep brown eyes... and a slight pink tinge on fair pale skin. This was no \"something\"... this was a... Steve realized he was on top of a... with their noses practically touching. His mouth twisted into an embarrassed frown noting his awkward position, and just as he was about to get up, a kick to the groin sent painful shivers up his spine. The man grimaced, letting out a small squeak before being shoved back. Curling up on the floor he looked up though his pain to see a woman stand over him. She wore an olive green long-sleeve and jeans with a beige, pink trimmed apron over. Her brunette hair was tied up into a ponytail. Though her face clearly showed that she was beyond angry, Steve noted that she was... beautiful, even without makeup. For some strange reason the woman left him there in his pain. \"Probably went to call the police... I gotta get out of here,\" he gasped to himself. \"Where is that blasted Arthur?\" But when she got back she held a broom and he took back what he said. This woman was clearly not afraid of a full grown man that just broke into her place. Well technically I broke in for a good cause, he thought. Showing no sign of backing off or calling help, the woman started smacking him right up in the head and gut. \"Get. Out. Of. Here. You. Robber!\" The broom smacked Steve in the face and he toppled back. She advanced upon him. \"How dare you dress up like Santa and then try to steal those children's gifts that the real Santa brought! You're not even wearing the right colours!\" Steve recovered from his pain and grabbed the broom, trying to toss it to the right from the woman. Not letting go of it, she stumbled to the side. By instinct, Steve's body moved to save her from falling. Next thing he knew, the woman was laying on his chest, stunned and remained still. For a few seconds they lay completely in silence, heavy air between the two. Steve didn't know what to do. Should he push her off, stay silent, pretend to be unconscious, scream? Ah, too late. The woman stumbled backwards, her face beet red, her hand to her chest in a fist. \"Y-y-y-y-you...!\" the woman stammered. \"You molester!\" He abruptly stood up, his hands in front of himself in a stop motion. \"Whoa, whoa whoa there!\" Steve kneeled in front of the woman and showed his empty red bag. \"First of all, I am no molester! And I'm not stealing anything ,\" He pointed his finger in front of her face in a jabbing gesture. \"And second of all, Santa doesn't have to always wear red. I can add my own style if I want to.\" She frowned at this and just as she was about to say something, Arthur came turning into the hallway. \"Hey Steve! I lost my hat but now I found it! Wanna... oh... am I interrupting something...?\" He had a cookie in his hand and there were crumbs all over his suit. His face was stuffed and Steve grimaced when bits came flying out. Arthur then smiled big and patted his skinny stomach. \"Aw, I didn't know that you knew someone from here, Steve!\" The woman glared at Steve and he didn't know what to say anymore. He laughed hysterically at her while his brain racked up something quick. Looking into her expression, he couldn't help but stare at her angry features. The way her eyes narrowed... and the way her lips pouted. Mentally kicking himself he reached to his coat pocket and gave her the first object he felt. \"Merry Christmas!\" Speedily getting up he grabbed Arthur by the arm and dragged him outside into the cold. There the S1 awaited, and the group of elves - who didn't have a clue of what happened inside the building. The two ascended to the control room of the S1. The elves congratulated them and cheered, singing in rejoice to another successful year. Steve turned to the elves and put his arms out, a smile on his face. Little did they know his lips were pressed tightly together in irritation. \"Let's take it home guys.\" They cheered once again and Christmas music played in the background while the S1 took off to the NorthPole. Skies of Canada. 2:45 a.m. During the ride, Steve walked out of the main control room. Arthur followed after him. After a while of walking down hallways, Arthur called out to his brother. \"H-hey Steve! We're going to go back later to see the kids get up and see their presents, right? Isn't that what you wanted?\" Steve stopped mid-track and Arthur bumped right into him, stumbling until he fell back on his bum. He looked up to him. \"Steve? Are you okay?\" \"Can't you read the situation, Arthur? We were exposed. On top of that, we were thought of as thieves. I'm getting weird feelings even now when I think of the person who found out too. I don't like her, she seemed... dangerous. And now she knows who we are.\" Arthur simply gave him a blank, but jolly look. Steve sighed deeply. \"You know what, it's Christmas. You will not mention this to mom and dad because it's just too much of a disturbance. Let's just forget about this and have an espresso with biscuits. Where's one when I need it the most?\" He reached to his coat pocket to call Peter to prepare one with extra sugar when they got home. But he found nothing. His eyes widened and he realized something important was missing. Looking into the pocket he saw that it was empty; where his HOHO should be. Arthur got up and also looked into the pocket, then at the very shocked Steve. \"Umm, are you alright?\" \"It's gone...\" he mumbled. Arthur's eyebrows knitted together in confusion. \"What is?\" Steve put both of his hands on his brother's shoulders. \"My HOHO! Oh good stars it's GONE!\" Outside Steve's room. 4:20 a.m. \"Is he alright? What happened, Arthur?\" The whole family stood in front of Steve's room anxiously. Mrs. Clause held a tray of sweets and Steve's espresso. Arthur's shoulders slumped downward. \"I'm not sure to be honest. I think it's because he lost his HOHO during our trip together. Sigh... I thought this would be a great Christmas Eve. But he's so upset. I must have ruined it for him.\" Mrs. Clause gave the tray to her husband and patted Arthur on the back. In the background Malcolm secretly took a cookie and grandSanta gawked at him, spouting nonsense while the other man just continued to eat. \"Now dear, it's not your fault. It was an accident and we couldn't do anything about it. I'll go talk to him. You go get a hot cocoa and hang out with Bryonie.\" She smiled warmly at him, and brightened up his mood. He then went on his way down the hallway in a slight cheer. Mrs. Clause turned to the other two members of the family and took the tray from Malcolm's hands, which only contained two cookies now. \"This is a mother-son moment, you two. Honey, will you go take care of grandSanta? Thank you.\" GrandSanta frowned at this. \"Eh, then what was t'point of me bein' here!\" he grumbled as he went down opposite of Arthur's direction. \"Kids, always getting 'em mood swings.\" Mrs. Clause simply smiled and shook her head. She then called to the door, \"Dear, it's your mother. Everyone else is gone. May I come in?\" For a moment there was a long silence that only greeted her. Then the door made a clicking sound and opened by itself. Steve was in the opposite end of the room, his face first in his pillow as he lay on his bed. His mother lay the tray down on his night stand and sat down to his side. \"Can you tell me what's been bothering you?\" Steve stayed unmoving, leaving his mother waiting. He then sat up and swung himself to sit beside her, taking his espresso. After having a sip the man sighed to himself. \"Mother... I may sound like a typical, whiny child to you.\" Ms. Clause simply laughed and waved her hand to him. \"Don't be ridiculous, this is a once-in-a-lifetime moment here. As a child you never complained and only asked for what you needed,\" she smiled and there was a faint red glow on her cheeks. \"I can finally talk with you about your problems as a parent, so don't be sorry, Steven.\" The man looked down at his espresso and smiled faintly. \"Mother... it's about Arthur.\" He looked at her and she urged him to go on, waiting expectantly. Steve went on. \"He's so obnoxious, and clumsy. Even though he deserved to be Santa, I just can't let go of the fact that he risks getting caught. Today we were actually seen! And thought of as thieves. I had to cover up for him and not only that, but I also left my HOHO! Oh she was very rude to me! Arthur didn't even get worried at would happen with his reputation if he-\" His mother stopped him halfway and he froze after his rant, his espresso held high in the air. \"Wait, wait... Along the lines I heard a ' she ?'\" Ms. Clause now had her eyebrows rise and her lips curve upward. \"Who is this she ?\" Steve sighed aggravatingly and gulped the last of his drink before setting it down. \"That woman who I accidentally left my HOHO with. She was so viscous, mother! Like a yeti in doeskin,\" He turned to her and put his hands out in exaggeration. \"I can't believe she even hit me multiple times with a broom and then called me a fake Santa! That woman even insulted my suit!\" But his mother simply giggled at this. \"Oh my, it seems like you'll have to get your HOHO back then.\" \"Yes! I do!\" \"As soon as possible.\" \"Yes! As soon as possible.\" \"In fact, I think you should go first thing tomorrow morning.\" \"Yes! I should go... wait, what?\" Steve looked at Ms. Clause, who smiled back, as if asking him to get the groceries. \"Why would I go there again? I can just send my elves to retrieve it back.\" But in response, his mother shook her head and put on a witty smile. \"But it's something that you yourself forgot. So you have to be the one to get it back.\" The man sighed and eventually agreed with her. He laid back and closed his eyes. \"Fine, mother. You're right.\" Ms. Clause grinned and kissed him on the cheek. Then taking the empty cup and sweets, she left the room. \"Oh this is indeed a very interesting situation.\" she murmured to herself, giggling. Thank you all for your support especially this time of the year since Christmas is coming up. All of the reviews made me smile when I had doubts about whether or not people liked reading this. Please look forward to what will happen next! Oh la la, what will happen next to Steve, I wonder. Review for more surprises and twists![Chapter 3] Hey everyone again! The long awaited chapter is finally here! I'm so sorry for delaying it because lately I've been writing another fanfic called \"Frozen Hearts: the Unorthodox Edition\" (check it out if you like the movie \"Frozen\".) But now I've been re-inspired! I wanted to post this earlier and was really happy with the reviews and how many people followed the story. To make up for the long wait, here is an extra long chapter. Anyway, enough of that, please read on and tell me what you think later. Oh and heads up, lately I've added a similar perk like adding the time and such (you'll know once you read) just like the movie... you know... to be in character :D. Steve's room. 10:30 a.m. After taking the night's rest, exhausted from the tiring hours before, Steve eventually got up from under the covers and paced the room, stretching his worries out. Throughout his troubled dreams he thought of possible ways he could retrieve his HOHO back without getting caught. In the end, morning peeked through the blinds. Sighing loudly, he sat right back down on his bed in defeat. Then a lightbulb suddenly lit up. An idea. He smiled inwardly. Going to his door, he was about to exit when it opened and he came face to face with Peter. Well, not really face to face since the elf was so small he had to crane his head all the way up to gaze at the man. He gave a salute and held out a stack of letters towards the man. \"Sir, these are the letters Arthur wanted me to send to you,\" The elf chuckled and continued, \"It's really ironic since Christmas Eve already passed, being it Christmas Day... but these apparently were his favou-\" The man interrupted him before he could continue. \"Ah! Peter! Just the elf I wanted to see.\" Steve gave him a sparkly smile and the elf stared dumbfounded at him, dropping a few letters from his stack. \"I am...?\" His surprised look slowly merged into a jolly one, not even bothering to pick up the minor mess he made. Instead he kept a baby face on, simply mesmerized by what Steve said, with his mouth slightly open in an awkward twinkle and starlights appearing in his eyes. \"I am!\" Steve inwardly recoiled back, a bit creeped out by the elf's strange looks. \"Don't do that Peter. It's revolting.\" \"Yessir!\" Again the elf saluted, keeping a prideful face on. \"What do you need, sir. I am in your service, sir! You're looking great today, sir!\" Steve secretly frowned, disturbed, but he continued anyway. \"Do you have your HOHO with you?\" \"Yessir!\" \"May I borrow it for a few minutes?\" Peter took out his HOHO and lent it to Steve proudly. After looking at the christmas tree patterns all over its red case he paused. It was funny because it looked exactly like one of his own cases. But the man disregarded it and shook his head, instead asking, \"Does it have a tracking device?\" Peter fiddled with his thumbs looking only at the christmas trees on his HOHO. \"I have all of the Clause's HOHO's on track, sir.\" Steve could only keep a straight face towards him. \"Only I have a HOHO, Peter. And father only replaced his recently after cracking it.\" Peter's eyes shifted to the side. \"Well, sir. That's what I mean when I said that I have all the Clause's HOHO's on track, sir. B-but it was only just in case anyone needed my... help.\" Steve shook off his uneasiness and regained his composure. \"Okay... Thank you. You may leave now. I'll have Arthur or Bryony return your HOHO back to you afterwards.\" He waved him off and proceeded to type on the screen. Peter deflated and cast his eyes downwards. \"That's all..? Ah, um...Okay...\" With that the elf hobbled away, shoulders slumped, and nearly walked right into the wall before leaving to the next hallway. Steve stared after him with his eyebrows arched. \"What a strange elf.\" Not thinking any more about it, Steve turned to the HOHO and dialled his own number. It took about four beats before it finally connected to the other side. Steve cleared his throat to talk but was immediately cut off by the screaming in the other side. He pulled the HOHO away from his ear at the glass piercing squeals and childish giggles. \"What the...?\" \"Huullooooo?\" \"Someone called!\" \"Stop give it to-\" Steve decided to speak up a bit, a little vexed that his phone was in such hands. But he settled to go slowly, and smoothly; business like. \"Hello? Is there...\" He paused. Now that he thought about it, he didn't know who to talk to or what exactly he expected. No, he had a somewhat of a vision in mind of who would pick up. \"May I talk to... your guardian?\" \"What's a guardian?\" one of the children piped up. A vein showed on his forehead in impatience. \"It's a man!\" another spouted. Steve grimaced at their bluntness and immature behaviour. Still, he wouldn't be backing out now that he already spoke. \"I don't.. recall her name. But she wears a pink apron and has brown hair in a ponytail and-\" All of the children made ooooohhhhs and aaaahhhhs. Steve could hear in the background singing a strange song about people sitting under trees and 'KISSING'. Not only that, but they also carried on as if he wasn't on the phone anymore. How rude. \"Are you her boyfriend? \" \"Merry Christmas!\" \"Mama said not to go through her-\" \"Tegan! U-uwah!\" A child started to cry in the background. \"Oooohh! Tegan you're in trouble! Maamaaa!\" Steve frowned. There were too many voices speaking all at once and all too loudly. And they seemed like... children's voices? Just then another voice spoke over all of theirs, and sounded quite familiar. \"Kids. Kids. Paulo, remember it's not nice to go through people's things right-\" \"Mama! You have a funny ringtone. It was like 'Rockin' 'round! The christmas tree-'\" \"That's nice, Angelica.\" \"Yeah, Paulo! Cause it – it was in mama's bag – and – and – you took it.\" a child gasped, taking deep breaths in the middle of her sentence. \"Thank you Maddy for telling him that. Tegan stop pulling on Eveline's hair, and Marco, will you please give me the cellphone? Thank you, Marco. Everyone! I'll be right back, and don't go causing trouble. Or do you want auntie Rose to come to the room-\" \"NO!\" \"Okay then, I'll be back in a bit.\" Steve was pretty patient with the kids but it was wearing thin slowly by slowly. The noise then receded and the woman spoke clearly now with a polite tone. \"Hello?\" Steve stood up straight from where he stood even though she was probably miles apart from him. \"Ah, yes. Let me start off. Who is this?\" The voice on the other line paused for a second before responding back. \"This is Holly speaking.\" \"Well, mrs. Holly-\" \"Miss, actually. But do please go on.\" Steve faltered, a bit restless at the moment after listening to those screams. Oh his poor HOHO, what it was going through. \"Well, miss Holly, it seems that the HOHO you are speaking through appears to belong to me. I request that you-\" \"Wa-wa-wa-wait,\" she interupted. \"First of all, sir. What kind of thief calls their 'HOHO' the next day after breaking into a daycare? What is a HOHO? Don't you mean a cellphone? And not only that, but you act like as if you did not just break the law. I will call the police if you so dare to even think about illegal deeds. Not in my daycare thank you very much.\" \"W-what?\" Steve was completely dumbfounded by such rude comments and was very much offended by this... this... yeti of a doe. How ill-mannered of her to jump into conclusions! Still thinking I'm a thief! \"First of all , miss Holly, I am no thief , and would never dream of being one. And a HOHO is a Hand-held Operating Homing Organizer. Now I ask that my HOHO be returned to this address.\" She sighed on the other side of the line. \"Okay fine, I'll return your 'HOHO'. What is it?\" Steve cleared his throat and said, \"Do you have a pen and paper?\" \"Yes, now get on with it sir, it's almost nap time for the children.\" The man suppressed a groan. Did this woman have a split personality against him or what? Nice with the inappropriate, loud children, rude to excellent, mission accomplishing adults who simply want their things back. But no matter. What mattered was that he got what was his. \"May I ask your location?\" \"What? Why would I give you my location?\" He pinched his fingers to his nose bridge, patience at its limit. Of course each country had its own system to getting their letters to Santa, each address different. The woman in the other side sighed loudly. Apparently she wasn't as temper-controlled as Steve. \"Look, all I'm gonna say is Canada, because you're just too suspicious.\" Well, that's all Steve needed to know really. \"Since you're in Canada, the address is HOH OHO CANADA.\" The woman on the other side began to laugh. Steve cocked his eyebrow in confusion. Why would she be laughing? \"Y-you can't be serious! Okay, who is this, really? Santa Clause?\" \"Miss Holly, I can't be any more serious than now,\" the man replied in a solemn tone. He was suppose to be covering for his family's secret but at the moment this woman was getting on his nerves and just listening to her openly disrespect made him want to fume. But he would keep his cool. If he told the truth she wouldn't believe anyway. Might as well give it a shot. \"This is Steve Clause. My father is currently Santa Clause.\" \"Okay 'Steve Clause',\" As I thought, he mused. I'm just that good at predicting such things. She continued, \"Listen, because you're just being ridiculous. Christmas Eve just passed – you just missed your chance to make a good joke. Today is Christmas. So instead of making pranks, just enjoy your day, sir. I will call the police if you ever put this daycare in danger because of your incredible reasons. Merry Christmas. Goodbye.\" \"W-wait! Miss Holly – ah shoot...That yeti.\" Steve grumbled. A few moments of silence went by – until it dawned on him that he probably would never get his HOHO back. The man put his fisted hands on his head and paced around the room, breathing loudly. He let out a shout and raged for a good minute, punching the pillows on his bed and even attempting to throw Peter's HOHO. But Steve thought better of it and calmed himself down. \"Okay Steve, you're okay. Let's just analyze your options.\" He took long deep breaths and settled on his bed, staring at the electronic. Steve then recalled that Peter's HOHO had a tracking device. No matter how creepy that seemed, it proved to actually be useful at the moment. Steve smirked and tapped a few buttons on the screen before a map popped up and a red dot appeared in the centre of the screen. \"Now, let's find out where you really are, miss Holly.\" he mumbled to himself. He zoomed out the map to see the full location of the place. \"Cranberry Cove, British Columbia..? That doesn't even sound like an actual place. Ah, well.. no matter so long as I get my HOHO.\" Steve sighed at this and headed out the door, striding towards the aircraft hangar. It looks like he'd have to handle the situation himself. Aircraft Hangar. 11:00 a.m. Once there, the man gazed at the EVIE that stood magnificently in the centre of the floor area. He still preferred the S1, but EVIE wasn't so bad either, in honour of grandSanta's 'EVE'. Not too far away, a couple dozen reindeer grazed on hay, their stalls not too far. Good thing that the hangar was just that spacious, or else their space and smell would've overwhelmed the place. Not all of them were even there, being scattered in different places around the North Pole. Personally Steve didn't enjoy them being in there; he never really liked animals, especially beasts like them. But tradition was tradition and Arthur seemed to enjoy the magic they emitted, so Steve would bear with it – for now. \"I'll have them transferred.. somewhere not here... mm, later.\" he mumbled to himself. These days he would tend to do that, feeling a little aggravated here and there. Shaking the thought away Steve observed the hangar as he walked around. Taking the EVIE would bring too much attention. What he needed right now was simply something to provide a quick and efficient return. But to be honest, there wasn't much except the EVIE itself and the reindeers. A few elves here and there were polishing the aircraft and floor while others were tending to the beasts. But the majority went off to celebrate Christmas, excitedly in their quarters enjoying themselves while drinking hot cocoa. He then came up to an asian elf who was holding a small list and checking things down on it. As soon as she saw Steve she saluted, immediately stopping what she was doing. \"Sir, it's good to see you, sir. How may I come to assistance?\" He nodded at her and took a glance at her clipboard. Ah, inventory check. The man cleared his throat and the elf eased a bit. \"Report to me the the day's checklist... er...\" \"Pamela Wreathmont. Second in command of the engineering division, sir. But today it's my shift for the inventory check.\" \"Ah, yes, Pamela. Are things going well?\" She nodded with a smile and looked again to her list. \"The EVIE is in tip top shape sir, and the reindeers are all well. All presents were delivered successfully – and luckily only a few injuries, which are easily treated. Another great Christmas success this year, sir.\" Steve bobbed his head in confirmation, but this wasn't what he was asking for. What he needed was something swift, small, and reliable. What he needed... was a sleigh. At this he suddenly remembered something important. Inside he smirked at the thought. To the elf he asked, \"How is the.. ehem... EVE2 going?\" Her eyes widened at this and she flipped a few pages on her clipboard. \"Oh, sir about that – we weren't able to fully complete it for this Christmas.. so we were thinking that perhaps we can give it to him for the next year. It's completed of course, but Christmas has already passed – you know – being it eleven in the morning.\" Steve pondered at what she just said. Yes, this sleigh was supposed to be grandSanta's Christmas gift to make up for his previous sleigh, EVE. The EVE2 was a very complicated contraption, taking three years to complete it. It still wasn't stable yet either. But at the moment, Steve needed that sleigh. The man looked around but didn't see it anywhere. \"Where is it? Have you given it a test run yet?\" Pamela shook her head and motioned for him to follow. He put his hands behind his back as the two moved on to the far wall of the hangar. She waved her hands in front of a secret sensor and a part of the wall lifted up to reveal a newly painted sleigh glinting in the soft light. \"I apologize for the secret hide-out, sir. Somehow grandSanta found out about our plan and has been looking for it ever since. You know how tough he can be when he wants to. Luckily you came just at the right time, sir, or else he'd be up behind at us,\" The wall closed behind them as they walked forward to continue contemplating the sleigh. The elf carried on, holding the clipboard close to herself. \"I present to you EVE2. Built in with the exact same qualities as EVE and even more. She's a real beauty, this one. Our elves wanted to keep the traditional wood style, so we used our finest icelandic birch, arctic balsa, and the newly included eastern red cedar combined with the same material used for the EVIE. It even has the fresh oil and wood smell despite being part metal. We've even added a few perks here and there like the-\" The elf checked her papers. \"-let's see.. ah yes, the recently added high quality music player and even a built in cookie and milk maker,\" Steve raised his eyebrow at this but she went on, a little engrossed in her own engineering fantasies. \"The EVE2 can resist great winds and can make itself and everything in it invisible to the naked eye for a certain period of time – just like the mothership, only – well, momentarily. We still have yet to improve in that area. Still, our engineers haven't been this proud since the making of the EVIE herself.\" Then her face fell. \"However, we haven't been able to fully test out its potentials, so we aren't aware if it still needs fixing or tweaks here and there. For all we know, it may be even extremely unstable and may break down at a time we do not know. But we'll start test runs tomorrow morning, sir.\" Steve pressed his lips together and continued to study the sleigh. It did have a very nice modern look to it and looked stable enough to him. \"Well, Pamela, that was a... very detailed recap on your progress – thank you very much. Now, as for the test run, I would like to run it myself – today.\" The elf's eyes widened and her mouth hung slightly open. \"B-but sir! It's extremely dangerous and we don't know what may happe-\" Steve put a hand up, stopping her in mid-sentence. \"Ah, ah. You know that I'm the North Pole's best pilot and captain. I think I can handle a little test run.\" He put his hands to his hips and smiled at the shaken elf. She thought long and hard on this, clutching on the clipboard. Finally Pamela gave in. \"O-okay sir. B-b-but if.. if... If you're going to go out there, I'll take the privilege to guide you and tell you all the perks about the EVE2, sir. I know almost everything about it and if you have any difficulties, you can just contact me in mission control!\" The man sighed, glancing from the sleigh to the little asian elf. He really didn't need anyone to get involved; it'd be too much of a hassle to explain. Nonetheless the man simply wanted to get his problem over with. \"Fine. But note that I'll be making a few stops here and there for some... businesses and such. Ehem, we'll be departing in ten minutes, prepare while I get ready.\" She saluted at this and made a chinky smile. \"Don't worry sir! All will be well. Thank you for volunteering yourself, sir.\" North Pole, Entrance Corridor. 11:23 a.m. Steve walked to the icy hall, leading to the outside of the North Pole, putting on his red biker gloves. This was the exact same hall where the EVE stood for take-off. Now it was the EVE2, even more elegant than the first. And at the head of it arose eight reindeer, mighty in every... reindeer-y way. Of course, Steve only assumed that, not having seen the first model and such after all. At the front of the sleigh stood Pamela, all smiles and energy. \"Sir, I can't express my excitement for this moment right now. It's been a while since a test run, and this is my first time conducting one too!\" The man nodded at her and settled down unto the sled without a second thought, professionally taking the reigns. Pamela looked to her checklist again and then looked up at Steve. \"Okay sir, so to take off is just like the traditional style. Contact mission control when you need help, I'll be there. A built in screen is also in front of the controls for communication. Best of luck to you!\" Steve nodded and pressed a few buttons here and there on the sleigh, familiarizing himself with it. Already he knew the basics of the contraption. Well, I am a genius after all, he mused. He pressed a button on the sleigh and the aurora magic gracefully flowed out of the pipes connected to the reindeers' harnesses. The man crackled the tack and the reindeer galloped out the icy corridor. As soon as he left, Pamela rushed to the HQ to see how he was doing, skidding excitedly on the ice. North Pole. 11:30 a.m. The reindeer sprinted up from the ground and rushed up to the sky, instinctively knowing what to do. From far they probably seemed graceful. Not to Steve. He held tight to the reins, teeth clenched. \"Damn these beasts..\" Sure they knew what to do, but definitely not properly . The ride was bumpy and they were all over the place. It even appeared to be very weighed down in the back for a light load. EVE2 constantly tilted side to side and no matter how hard Steve pulled on the harness, the reindeer in front of him wouldn't untangle themselves. \"Stop! Hey, listen to me!\" Argh, why did animals have to be so hard-headed? This is why I prefer the S1 – I mean EVIE over this... this 'relic'. Then a small screen flickered on in front of Steve. From the other side he saw Pamela in mission control. \"At your service sir. How is your flight?\" Steve groaned, still struggling to stay on. \"Why won't they fly straight?!\" he demanded. Pamela looked to her clipboard in front of herself and then back at him. \"Well, sir. These reindeer were trained to follow certain signals... hmm, wait there are several here. What would you like them to do, sir?\" \"Make them fly straight!\" he commanded, irritated by the beasts' dense behaviour. The elf flipped over a few papers and then said, \"I think you have to have to... howl.. sir.\" In reply he chuckled hysterically, but held a death-grip upon the harness. \"That's complete nonsense, elf.\" Still, the reindeer were wearing him out, and that was his only choice at the moment. But seriously? Howl? Why that command out of everything?! Pamela seemed to answer his questions, stating, \"They were the original eight reindeer that led the EVIE, and so, they follow their previous commands. I apologize for this, sir. We should've gotten you the new members...\" Steve glared at her, giving the elf a 'you think?' look. He exhaled vigorously and took a deep breath. This is ridiculous! The Clause gave a low, long, howl, stuttering here and there out of embarrassment. The reindeer then eventually slowed their unorganized run, but then suddenly sped up into an insane sprint, even more maddening than before. \" What the- elf-! \" Steve was now practically hanging on to the reins for dear life, his hooked feet the only connection between it and the reindeer. He couldn't see her, but he could tell that she was panicking. \"Ah, uh! I don't know! These commands are all mixed up, sir! I'm so sorry – I – I wasn't the one who wrote this!\" Then the man heard a couple noises behind him and turned his head to see what. He couldn't see much but he could tell exactly what was going on. Ugh, what a catastrophe. That's why the sleigh was so heavy in the back. \"Ahaha- ha- ughee ughhee... ugh... Ha, Steven! Thought I couldn't find your little 'secret'?!\" grandSanta sputtered. He heard a little mooing come from the back too. \"Ey! Y'old bag of fleas, get off me.\" \"GrandSanta! I told you this wasn't a good idea – yah! Oh my goodness – Steve – Steve are you okay?!\" The other man could only look apathetically to the side, sighing exaggeratedly. \"Yes, little bro, I'm completely fine. I'm only hanging on to the reins for dear life while the only connection between the sleigh and the reindeer is me. It's only, oh I don't know, more than a hundred feet drop from into cold icy water in which I might fall into and freeze to death. Not to mention that you, the old geezer and his retired rudolf here snuck into this sleigh in a critical time and that it's minus twenty degrees right now, with the wind making icicles on my beard. So yes, Arthur, I am having the time of my life.\" He made sure to especially exaggerate in the last sentence. There was silence behind him. Steve didn't look back, only concentrating on trying to get himself into a safe-zone – but it was nearly impossible at the position he was in. The reindeer didn't seem to help either, still in a crazy dash. Then grandSanta spoke up, \"We should leave 'im there.\" \" What ?!\" the man exclaimed, his muscles straining. But Arthur shook his head. \"No, grandSanta. Here, help me get him back on the sleigh.\" GrandSanta complied, despite not wanting to. Though that didn't mean he wouldn't have to help lightly. Taking his wooden cane with a smirk, he hooked it on to Steve's belt and pulled back hard while Arthur grabbed on to his legs. The man yelped as he was suddenly thrusted backwards, crashing into the seat of the sleigh. He sat there stunned for a good few seconds, the reins still in his hands. GrandSanta wasted no time and immediately took them from the very stunned Steve, shoving him to the side while he sat in the middle. \"Look -ere Steven. This, this is real magic – firsthand, boy!\" With that the old man whistled one long, low note and the reindeer went from a crazy dash into a steady prance. The screen then gasped and grandSanta looked at it to see a shocked asian elf. \"Ha! Elf, you and your so called shenanigans. Try'n t'get us killed!\" He turned the screen off with a jab of the finger and cackled just as the elf on the other side was about to say something. Then to Steve he made a toothy smirk. \"Y'only howl if you want them to go to hyper mode – or if ya just wanna shake off ye junk.\" Steve recovered from his blow and shook his head. \"That's a completely unnecessary command! Who made that ridiculous order?\" \"Ey, you insulting me?!\" \"It was you?! I nearly died because of your moronic invention of a command.\" The two began to spout retorts back and forth to each other, and Steve was beginning to get tired. Why was it that every time he and grandSanta were together, the old bag had to be so obnoxious? Luckily Arthur came between their snaps and pointed to the sky. \"Hey guys look! The northern lights!\" He probably said it to get them to stop, but it worked. For some reason the sky in this area of the world was still a little dark. Well, they did travel in incredible speeds, so it wasn't surprising to know that they were already in the side of the earth where it was still dark. Still, nature's magic did have a way of mysteriously amazing people. Pausing their argument, they immediately stopped to admire its beauty, and though Steve didn't realize it, grandSanta and Arthur turned to each other, smiling. GrandSanta's reindeer peeked out from the side and stuck out his tongue, simply enjoying the moment as well. Steve was too engrossed with the scenery at the moment; the way the lights seemed to magically wave over their heads like a tidal wave of.. magic. It was even more enchanting to see the magic dust from the sleigh flow into the lights above. Steve could practically lift his arm up, and could feel the lights. Wow . Then it came to Steve... ...Wait a minute... how did the three of them get here? The man immediately whipped his head to them and they sat politely in the sleigh, looking innocently at him. He narrowed his eyes. \"How did you three get in here? Especially the reindeer.\" Arthur laughed hysterically and slowly slouched down, pointing his fingers at grandSanta, who kept his jaw firm. \"Um.. do you want me to explain first...?\" No reply came and he scratched the back of his head. \"I, uh, I was really worried about you, about what happened earlier with the – ah, incident. So ... I went to go visit you when I so happened to see grandSanta. When I went to ask him what he was doing, he hushed me and then somehow we ended up here.\" The older brother knitted his eyebrows together, assessing the moment. \"That's not what I was asking, Arthur. How did you and this grizzled geezer get in here ?\" He said each word slowly, just in case these two naive people didn't understand him. It was grandSanta who answered him this time. \"Meh, just snuck around that elf soon as y'left, an' into the trunk of the sleigh – which ye've been hiding from me but you couldn't, cause I'm Santa Clause. \" The other man wanted to laugh. How could this old geezer possibly sneak a reindeer by without the elf noticing? Then reality hit in. Of course, it's grandSanta we're talking about. Steve set his hands in front of himself, looking straight into the old man's fiery eyes. \"Technically, you're not Santa anymore, Arthur is.\" GrandSanta patted his chest. \"Yes I am. Can't you tell from me suit?\" The man looked at what he was wearing quite apathetically. It was his pyjamas. He had no words for this immature elder. GrandSanta thought something else apparently. \"Ha! See? Silence is your defeat, Steven. The suit never lies,\" he sniffed and looked straight again, triumphantly. Arthur looked to Steve over grandSanta. \"So Steve, were you planning to get your HOHO back..? Do you know where it is?\" At this Steve took the reins from grandSanta with a huff. \"I'm going wherever I see fit. Now if you'll excuse me, we're going to Canada to make a stop.\" \"Oh goodie, are we going to – what was it called...? Toronto?\" Cranberry Cove, British Columbia. 12:23 p.m. The sleigh landed in a hidden alleyway of the small town, practically undetectable even though invisibility hadn't been activated. GrandSanta was about to head out of the sleigh when Steve stopped him. \"No, grandSanta, I need someone to stay and watch the sleigh.\" GrandSanta raised an eyebrow at him, looking confused for some reason. \"There is someone watching the sleigh.\" He jabbed his thumb back and Steve looked over him to see his old reindeer. Arthur waved at the two from outside of the dark alley, bringing their attention to him. Residents of the town walked on by, not paying much attention to the strange skinny man. Steve sighed and decided to let the topic go. It was probably safer anyways, considering that the old man could've just taken the sleigh to go to god knows where, if left by himself. But having tag along in his pjs didn't comfort Steve either. Why do these two always get in my way? Groaning, the man looked around the town. It had a familiar feel to it, and he knew the basic outline of the place – and where his goal was. And so, they started walking, with Steve leading the way. Before they knew it, the three of them were standing in front of the small cute daycare, just a few roads away from where the sleigh was. Without a second thought Steve walked right to the rainbow door and to the front desk. There sat a rather chubby and crabby looking, middle-aged lady, who only took a glance at him through her lashes before going back to typing. He cleared his throat and looked around the daycare before returning his gaze to the lady. With an awkward smile his asked, \"May I see miss Holly, please? She has something of mine that I must so dearly acquire back.\" The two locked eyes and a stare-down was set. Sweat rolled down the side of his face. This lady was really making things more difficult than it should be. His thought immediately changed. Their tense atmosphere immediately became bright and sparkly as the chubby lady's frown suddenly turned into a glimmer. \"Of course, sir. She's right at the back, please go ahead.\" A little taken back by the sudden change of mood, Steve slowly walked on the far side from the lady, taking awkward sidelong glances at her as she waved to them. GrandSanta and Arthur followed on behind him, also looking back every few seconds to see if she'd do anything funny. \"Huh, that dame ain't what they call 'normal', is what me thinks.\" Steve replied to this, giving a small chuckle as they went along the hallways. \"Well, neither are you, grandSanta.\" Arthur couldn't help but laugh at this, and grandSanta hit him on the side with his wooden cane. Before they could continue their conversation any more, the trio eventually came to a grand arch which led to a giant room with a christmas tree in the centre. There were children running around and playing with their toys, all of different ages, from as young as four to eleven year olds. The three of them were a little mesmerized by the mood. At their presence, most of them stopped what they were doing and ran up to the trio. GrandSanta and Steve backed off a little while Arthur only welcomed the kids. They all liked children, but it seemed that it was only Arthur who could handle them. They asked all kinds of questions like, 'who are you?' and 'did you bring any toys?'. Steve couldn't help but smile a little at their curiosity. Of course none of them would guess that they were the ones who brought their presents in the first place. Then a voice called them back into the room, where a lady sat on a wooden rocking chair next to the christmas tree, holding a book. All the kids once crowding around Arthur immediately flocked to her, sitting on the carpeted floor excitedly. But just as she was about to open her book, her eyes flitted upwards to meet with the three people at the grand arch. She put her book down and got up, the children's groans following on behind her. \"I'll be right back kids, for now just continue to play, alright?\" \"Yes miss Holly.\" they all said in unison. Steve opened his mouth to say something but she immediately put her finger to it, shutting him up. She glanced to the other two, who stared, dumbfounded. Steve was also dumbfounded at this. Without wasting any time, the lady pushed the three of them down the hall and towards the entrance. \"W-w-w-wait miss Holly! We still have something to discuss.\" Steve panically claimed. \"Is this why ye snuck EVE out?!To meet yer damsel?\" grandSanta exclaimed. Arthur looked towards him with a smile. \"Technically, it's the EVE2, grandSanta.\" \"GrandSanta, I did not sneak it out for her . I came for something else, right mrs. Holly?\" \"It's miss Holly. Now you must leave,\" She stopped pushing them at the end of the hallway and gestured to the front of the door. \"The entrance is right there, and be glad I didn't call the police this time. Merry Christmas.\" But Steve turned and grabbed her wrist just as she was about to walk back. Holly glanced up to him with her brows furrowed into points. \"You still have my HOHO, miss Holly.\" She blinked then sighed, reaching into her apron pocket. Yet just as she was about to take the object out, her eyes looked to the glass doorway and the woman froze. The three Clauses also gazed at where she was looking and saw a figure approach. Turning back to her, they saw that the woman was gone, running back down the hallway. Steve growled and went after her. \"Miss Holly!Wait! You still have my HOHO!\" Well, there it is, the third chapter. By the way, Cranberry Cove, British Columbia isn't an actual place (I probably sound like captain obvious but…). Again I apologize for the two month delay. Please leave reviews and thanks so much! Don't worry – there'll be more to come. I want to say that the next chapter will have a lot of exciting parts, but I just hope I'll write it so that it is... :D Stay tuned![Chapter 4] Hello everyone. Lately I've been posting late chapters and such. Don't even know why. Please forgive me! But in return I present to you this chapter. Enjoy you readers! Also, review/fav/follow, they bring light to the recent weathers... Don't keep calm and be excited to read! #readingislife Holly sprinted through the back door of the daycare with Steve on her heels. It was aggravating that she suddenly turned and ran without explanation and Steve just wanted to get his HOHO back. \"Miss Holly!\" The woman darted through the small town, and frankly, she was pretty fast. And that was saying a lot, considering that Steve thought that he himself was a pretty fit person. Eventually the two came to a stop in an alleyway and Steve was on his knees, huffing from all the running that they did. Holly rested against the brick wall with her fist over her chest, looking skywards while trying to slow her breathing. Steve leaned forward on the wall opposite to her, his hands on his knees. But the man was getting tired of her delays. Just as she was about to get up after regaining herself, Steve put his hand to the wall just beside her head. They both stared down each other with annoyed expressions, her looking up her lashes while he gazed down his. He spoke up first in the deadly silence. \"Now will you give me my HOHO? Why did you even run?\" Yet the woman only gave him a sour look, clutching and releasing her hands by her side. \"Why're you asking personal questions?\" Man was she getting on his nerves. He pointed a finger to her face with a frown. \"It's not personal, any person would want to know why someone suddenly ran out without explanation.\" She sighed deeply and closed her eyes. Swiping away his hand, she shoved the HOHO to his chest while getting off the wall to get him to back away. \"Just take your stupid device and leave the daycare alone.\" Steve tucked it to his pocket and clicked his tongue at her. But before he would be on his way, he wanted to experiment with something first. \"Will do, mrs. Holly.\" At this, her face contorted into offence and she stomped her foot as hard as she could on his. \"It's miss.\" the woman said cooly. Shots of pain went up his spine and he howled at the sudden action. The man stumbled backwards, Holly also slipping and the two fell back. But they didn't make contact with the ground. Steve felt something soft on his back, with Holly on his chest. A long moment of silence passed by the two. Immediately his face became devastated as he realized what was going on, ignoring the angered woman on top of him. While she ranted about molesters, a sound ignited itself and everything became visible again. The fine icelandic birch, arctic balsa, and newly included eastern red cedar, the golden railings, and of course, the reindeer. But that wasn't the problem. The beasts were getting ready for something he'd regret. \"I hate you, GrandSanta.. you and your damned howls.\" Within a second the reindeer sprinted out of the alleyway into a mad dash, barely making it through the surprised people and many buildings. The wild sleigh skidded over roofs before Steve could frantically push the invisibility button. The EVE2 blended in with its surroundings and suddenly went into hyper speed, the reindeer gaining tempo into an even wilder run. Holly was barely staying on, having to clutch onto Steve's clothing just to keep herself anchored to the untamed sleigh. He wasn't faring so well either, using whatever strength he had just to hang on tight. They rose above the ground fifty, a hundred – no, more than two hundred feet in the air. Lost in the middle of the sky, everything became a blur. Still, through it all, Steve noticed a dark grey tinge in the distance, hinting at a dangerous storm, kissing the air with cold winds. And they were heading straight for it. \"No, no, no, turn around! Turn around!\" he frantically yelled to the reindeer. But they only went on, not listening to his commands. Damned beasts. What was the point of adding the reindeer if they only caused him problems. Within seconds, they became enveloped by the grey. A shower of snow and wind hit them, causing the sleigh to swerve out of control. One of the deer came loose out of its reins, the strap snapping right off from the rest of the group. The woman screamed and tucked her face into Steve's shirt, no longer caring about modesty. He recoiled at the sudden action and his arm pressed against the dashboard of the sleigh. Its main centre screen flickered on and from the other side Pamela halted building a tower out of sugar cubes and stuttered into a salute. \"I-I'm in your ser – holy goodness... ah uhm, am I d-disturbing something...?!\" The wind raged on, muting the elf out, despite what she said. The snow continued to harshly stab at them and Steve could barely see, let alone talk to the elf. Sleet and gail whipped Holly's hair to his face, making him only feel worse. If only Rudolf were here... now that I mention it, where is that bag of old fleas? But he didn't have time to stop to contemplate about that. What he needed was a way to stop these beasts from flying so fast again. Ah, dammit, he totally forgot what the right action was. A clap? Or perhaps a snap or cough. Agh dammit! Remember, remember! But the storm wasn't getting better, and he felt colder and colder by the minute, fresh snow piling upon him and Holly. She stopped screaming, but that didn't mean she was any better, tucked into a fetal position and burying herself as deep into the cushions as she can. In the middle of nowhere in the grey snowy storm on a deadly ride of a sleigh – this was not how Steve planned things to be. Mission Control, 12:19 p.m. Pamela spun around her chair, a little bored at the moment. It had been a while since she had contact with Steve after all. So she decided to entertain herself. Taking a few sugar cubes from Steve's black leather espresso-making chair she ran back to her desk and put down the pile of cubes. Taking one and popping it into her mouth, she began to slowly by slowly pile the sugar cubes one by one into a single tower. After a few minutes it eventually formed into a sort of structure that defied the laws of physics. Pamela was pretty proud of herself – she was one of the top engineers after all in the North Pole. But this was her first time making something like this. It deserved a memory picture. Just as she was about to take out her HOHO to take one, the big screens suddenly flickered on and Pamela fiddled to put it away. \"I-I'm in your ser – holy goodness...\" She expected Steve to be on the sleigh, with everything going smoothly. This was the opposite of smooth. Pamela could barely see Steve behind the flurry of snow, and she couldn't hear him very much either. What's going on? Oh the poor EVE2 and all the hard work everyone in her division spent so many sweat, tears and injuries on. On top of that, Steve had someone else with him! Someone found out about Santa?! Yet she couldn't help but feel like she intruded on something despite the situation. \"Ah uhm, am I d-disturbing something...?!\" She heard screaming and yelling, muffled out by the furious gale. W-what am I suppose to do in this situation..?! At this she heard the door open behind her and angry footsteps. \"What's all the noise – stars and lights! What the cranberry?! S-sir!\" Pamela sighed. What terrible timing. The elf behind her ran to the big screens and put his hands to his head, completely disregarding her. \"O-oh my goodness, oh my goodness. Sir, sir, are you alright?! Uhm, what do I do? What do I do? I know! I'll come to save you, sir!\" Pamela rolled her eyes and slapped him with the back of her hand. \"Get a hold of yourself, Peter. You're acting like a lil' baby seal pup.\" He rubbed the sore spot and frowned at her. \"And who may you be? You shouldn't even be in here – it's Christmas day for goodness sake!\" Peter stood up even straighter at his last remark. Pamela gave him a dirty look but saluted him anyway – he did hold authority in his field. But that didn't mean that she didn't have authority either. \"Pamela Wreathmont. Second in command of the engineering division.\" At this the other elf stuttered on his words, took a long, deep breath, and then repeated what he said in a slower and more completed phrase. \"What is someone like you doing in mission control? And why is Steve up there on the screen in that kind of weather? W-with a... a woman?! What is going on?\" Goodness, was this elf annoying, Pamela thought. Too many questions all at once. But she did want to find answers to some of them too. Just as she was about to make another retort his way the screen flickered and they both looked to it. They were losing connection. Man we really didn't think about communication during storms.. This is why I encouraged sir to not take it on a test drive – still needs a lot of modifications, she thought with a purse of the lips. Pamela then typed in coordinates on the computer in front of her while looking at the big screen to find out where Steve was. She didn't bother to sit down, working hard on typing, inputting characters and symbols with incredible speed. The auto system itself was jammed so she had to go through the sleigh's security system herself manually in order to find the route they were going to go. \"C'mon, c'mon, where are you..?\" Peter watched from afar with both a curious and annoyed look. Huff, I should be the one manning this situation. Not this tech-engineer freak or whatever. I'm his right hand man for goodness sake! Peter turned green with envy and stomped right up to Pamela. \"I think I'm more suited for this, thank you very much.\" He pushed her away from the screen and she frowned in protest. \"Hey! This is no time to be playing hero, Peter. There are many security protections on the sleigh in which must be manually unlocked in order to find their location, and I doubt an elf of your caliber can easily go through them just like that,\" Then to herself she muttered, \"Oh why did we have to make the security system so complicated? The EVE2 still needs a lot of renovating.\" But he simply stretched his fingers out and smirked her way. \"Relax, just because I'm not an asian elf, doesn't mean I don't know these things.\" \"Are you implying that just because I'm asian, I know everything?\" \"Well, yes.\" Pamela fumed at this and gave Peter a very elaborate rant on stereotypes alone, but he ignored her and typed down what came to his mind. \"Uhm... Let's see here...\" The elf inputted random thoughts on the top of his head. Steve, of course. Hmm let's see.. Steve. Oh, espresso, Steve's favourite. And, and... Santa, in which Steve was suppose to be. Ugh. But Arthur is a fine Santa too. Still... And, the absolutely annoying gift-freak, Bryony. Ew, don't put that. Delete, delete. Pamela shook her head and sighed loudly in frustration. This elf was writing gibberish! She pushed him aside to take control, but he regained his balance and pushed her right back, making her accidentally knock over her physics-defying sugar cube tower. Pamela gasped and stood in shock as the cubes fell to the ground. All of a sudden, things seemed slower, each thump of the cubes incredibly loud, and repetitive. It was like as if the earth was about to crack open as each one fell off the table and onto the solid, hard ground. Sluggish. Blaring. Peter stared too, and dared to look up at her. Her eyebrows pointed into two deep points and she scowled at the sugar cubes. Then at him. \"You...! you...! I didn't even get to take a picture of it! You cretin!\" He laughed hysterically and shrugged his shoulders. \"It's only sugar cubes. You can always make another one.\" \"This was my first time making one like that !\" \"Well, it's just sugar cubes. And technically, you're the one that knocked them over.\" She was about to hit him, but thought better of it and instead pushed him aside again and continued to go through the security system, typing down the keys hard, taking out her anger on them. Man was she handling this cooler than she thought. To her, this elf was nothing but a hard head. From the side Peter crossed his arms and shook his head with a frown. Peter really did want to make a comment on her rudeness. He was polite enough to not do anything back to her after what she just did. Then suddenly the two people on the other side of the big screens screamed, interrupting their somewhat fight, but it was immediately cut off and only a blurred static appeared to them. The two elves could only stop what they were doing and stare, dumbfounded. Unknown, 12:33 p.m. Things weren't getting any better and Steve couldn't feel the woman beside him move anymore. That was definitely not a good sign. It seemed they were heading north as the temperature continued to drop drastically. He didn't want to do anything anymore. He just wanted to curl up and go to sleep. The cold wind pierced through his exposed skin. Never did the man think that he'd be in this kind of situation. It'd be the most ridiculous way to go – dying of cold in a sleigh during a snow storm. Steve was used to the cold, having lived in the North Pole, but even this was getting much. Now that he thought about it, aren't the reindeer freezing as well? Heck, if they're so cold they should just land already . Suddenly the sleigh jolted and he grimaced at the sudden action. What the...? Then it came again. What's going on? All became steady again in the storm. He sighed in relief. Immediately after his sigh, the sleigh ricocheted downwards into a spiral. \"Aaaaaahhhhh!\" Steve could barely feel his fingers, but they were heading straight towards the ground and he had to do something. Ignoring the searing cold pain in his joints, Steve grabbed the reins and pulled up, not caring if the reindeer were going to comply or not. He strained on them and through the gales, he could feel the sleigh make a slope and was finally heading straight again, only a few feet above the ground. At least he thought it was the ground. There was only white around him. Just when his worries were over, the leather reins snapped and they whipped in his face. \"Ooof.\" Regaining himself, Steve looked forward, but there was no longer anything guiding them. His eyes widened at the tragedy and he curled back in the sleigh to prepare for what was going to happen next. They once again tilted downwards. Everything came all at once, all too fast. Steve's brain couldn't keep up with what was happening. What is happening? Then it was all black. ... ... ... ... Unknown, 12:41 p.m. His vision faded from black to a blurred haze. He could only recollect fragments of memories of the crash. The r eindeer are gone... well, most of them, he hoped. A loud noise and a bit of pain. Then the sudden cold enveloped them. But now, all was silent. The man lay on his back in an awkward pose upon the sleigh, gazing as the grey sky began to softly snow on him. Cold nipped and tousled his camo shirt. But it wasn't as raging as the storm before – a kiss of a soft breeze compared to what just happened, giving off a more peaceful mood. Still, that didn't change the fact that he felt... a little wet and frozen on his back. Steve shivered at this, his mind a little slow to process what was really happening. He squinted then rubbed his eyes clear. But when the man looked at his left hand he saw that it was drenched and cold as well. A combination of water and blood dripped on to his face. Finally his brain started working properly. Steve let out a short yelp and grimaced as he jumped up. Breathing heavily, Steve gripped the back of the sleigh's seat and took in his surroundings, being mindful of his injured hand. A cold wind blew towards his back and he couldn't help but sneeze. This is not good . The man sniffed and once more and tried to look around through the cold atmosphere. Half of the sleigh was submerged into a pond while the other half lay anchored to the shores, having taken heavy damages all around. Thankfully it looked to be moored to the banks securely. Still, that was one heck of a test run. That explained how his entire back was drenched. It was a miracle that he was still alive with few injuries – a miracle that he didn't drown. Unfortunately, his HOHO wasn't so lucky. It was just a little ways out of his reach on the other side of the sleigh, but it was cracked all over and sunk; a jewel glittering under the surface. The man frowned. All that fuss over something that was going to be broken in such a way. He sighed and leaned backwards to rest just for a few more seconds, taking in what was going on. At least he wasn't so badly injured. Was he? Steve then did a body check – just to make sure. Patting himself for pains anywhere, Steve then put his hand to his right side and flinched. His uninjured hand came out with fresh red blood. \"Ah, shoot. I'll need that to be treated later... where's miss Holly?\" At this he immediately whipped his head around to find any sign of the woman. Sure she irritated him, but that did change the fact that she is still a person. And he hoped that she was in better condition than him. Steve stumbled out of the sleigh and made it on the snowy ground. He sneezed once more, his head snapping downwards. Looking back up the man came face to face with one of the reindeer. For once he was glad that not all those damned beasts left him. \"There, there... uh, Dasher.\" It was the only reindeer name he knew. Dasher snorted at him and nudged his head. \"Yeah, yeah.. let's look for miss Holly now.\" Steve held on to the base of his neck with his entire arm, while adding pressure to his right side. They slowly walked towards nowhere in particular and looked around for any signs. He then spotted something suspicious on the shore of the pond and walked a little faster towards it, Dasher on his heels. Steve let out a gasp as he realized that it was miss Holly, mostly in the water. Only from torso up did she lay dry on land. Still, the wind picked up and a few waves lapsed over to drench the unconscious woman entirely. The man sneezed once again and immediately pulled her out gently from the cold pond, ignoring the pain of his own body screaming at him. She was ice cold in his touch, almost blue even. He lay her on her back and checked her pulse. She wasn't breathing, but it was still there, a little faint. His side burned, but that wasn't important and the moment. Steve didn't think twice. The man tilted her head up and took a deep breath. It was her life that mattered, not manners at this point. His lips touched hers and he gave her two breaths. He knew what to do when it came to lifesaving, but never did he actually do it on the field. So the man couldn't help but blush a little at this. It was his first kiss after all. To him, it was worthy of a first kiss – one that would probably save a life. Not those cheesy moments where the girl would pop her leg up like in the movies. No, this was for a good cause. Because of this, he didn't mind and ignored the extra badump in his heart. Steve then waited for a few seconds before giving two breaths again. He did not stop, circulating her breaths. Holly then gave a huge cough after his eighth cycle and Steve rolled her over as she vomited out water.. and most likely her breakfast before. She shakily tilted her fragile gaze and looked to him with confused blurred and teary eyes. But the woman fell unconscious once more, and Steve carefully lay her on her back again. At least she was breathing now. That changed only so little. The man held Holly close to him, trying to give her warmth. Her life was still in danger. What they needed was medical support. But they were quite a while away from the nearest city in unknown directions. What was going to happen? Steve only concentrated on giving warmth to her icy skin. She shook in his embrace, shivering more and more as the cold breeze passed over their frigid and sopped bodies. He was beginning to doubt if his own warmth was even enough as she became colder. Dasher nudged his head to Steve's face, then at Holly as he snorted at them. \"What is it, Dasher? Can't you see I'm trying to save a life here?\" The reindeer whined and pointed to the distance with his muzzle. Still Steve frowned, not understanding. Dasher lowered his back and gently urged Steve on, looking graceful in every reindeer way. The man finally caught on and nodded at the large beast. \"Thanks, Dasher. Maybe you beasts aren't so untamed after all,\" With that he lifted himself up on the animal and held on to his mane while cradling Holly in a secure embrace. He was still in pain himself, but he was a man – they were nothing but small annoyances compared to his determination to get out of there. They raced at a quick pace towards wherever Dasher was going. \"Still, that doesn't change my opinion on what happened earlier.\" Though the gale rushed by them at freezing temperatures, Steve could hear the reindeer snort. Still, he didn't know he was so capable of such destruction with the sleigh. Or with anything... What a Christmas day this was. Cranberry Cove, British Columbia, 12:45 p.m. \"Ey, stop pulling on me beard y' little tyke.\" It was back to the daycare with Arthur and GrandSanta, where they decided to look after the children to kill time. Both were handling them rather differently, obviously one handling things better than the other. Arthur pried the child off of the old man's beard and set him with the other kids. He then looked to GrandSanta with a sheepish smile. \"Sorry GrandSanta, are you alright now?\" The old man jabbed his cane at Arthur while stroking his beard. \"About time y' ninny. Tell me boy, when is your techy brother comin' back? Too busy making 'em stars fly?\" \"GrandSanta! He's not like that.\" The old man waved his arms out in exasperation. \"Then what? He up and used the sleigh and then crashed it?\" he claimed in his heavy old-man British accent. \"Oh, I hope not...\" GrandSanta huffed at this an turned to settle in the grand rocking chair, giving off a huge sigh. Still, Arthur frowned in confusion, thinking hard especially on what just happened a few moments ago. He reminisced back to the moment when Steve left with the daycare woman. Daycare's front desk, 12:24 p.m. Arthur and GrandSanta stared off after them, a little more than bewildered at Steve's little move. Just as they turned the corner, they felt a presence behind them and the two turned. A man entered the daycare and shook off the snow from his black jacket and hat. He was a rather good looking fellow, with dark, nicely trimmed hair and lean features. The man was physically fit, but not as much as Steve, of course. His bright honeyed gaze turned to them and he began to head towards them. GrandSanta tugged at the back of Arthur's sweater with his cane. \"Come on lad, let's not get into this.\" Before Arthur could reply, the man bowed to them, taking off his hat and laying it across his chest while doing so. \"Hello,\" He stood up again and gazed down at the two. \"May I speak to a woman with brown hair tied into a pony tail and brown eyes? She wears mostly a beige, pink-trimmed apron. Her name is Holly Evergreen, and she works here. Is she available at the moment?\" GrandSanta shrugged his shoulders and looked apathetically at him. \"Nope, sorry lad.\" he said bluntly. The man was taken a bit back, a little surprised at the way he just said it. \"W-well, do you know where she w-\" \"Nope, sorry lad.\" Again, the man grimaced and an awkward silence filled the room. Even the lady at the desk seemed a little disturbed, saying nothing. The only one who didn't feel the mood was GrandSanta, who continued to stare dispassionately at the unknown man. He fiddled with his hat, and eventually put it back on. \"Okay, thank you. Um, if you see her, tell her I wish her a Merry Christmas? Ah... I'll be back perhaps later or New Years... Have a Merry Christmas.\" With that, the man left and Arthur could only stare, dumbfounded at this. As soon as he was out of sight, Arthur turned to GrandSanta, but saw the old man hobble down the hallway back into the arched room full of children. \"GrandSanta, wait,\" He followed him down to the room as well, and saw the old man rest on the floor. Arthur continued, \"why did you do that? I'm sorry, but it was rather rude.\" GrandSanta grunted at this, looking Arthur while pointing at him with one knobby finger. \"Look 'ere boy. That lad's trouble. I smell it all around 'im.\" \"Well, I don't know... He seemed pretty nice to me.\" \"And that's the thing! Pretty boys like 'im bring bad luck. For goodness sakes, he looks like one of 'em rich kids who pretend to be good but are really, bad. Naughty I say! Cheat to get ahead. That's their rule y'know? Agh, I just don't like his type. Ha, 'May I' my foot. Bet you his toothpaste is made of sugar with all 'em sweet words the lad says.\" Arthur was back in the present, but he still thought about the answer. This was a first. He knew GrandSanta was a hater, but never did he act like that, not even to Steve. Maybe the guy wasn't so nice as he thought. But then again, it was GrandSanta who accused him of being bad. Arthur shook the thought away. Thinking too much about it just made his mind hurt. When Steve comes back with the woman he left with, he would grant the both of them Merry Christmas, and they would head back home and have a blast spending the Christmas with everyone. It would be a great Christmas day, with singing Holy Night backwards and Christmas board games and chicken dinner. This put a smile on his face and Arthur decided to spend some time with the kids, thinking that it'd be better than just waiting in on them. He sat down on the lettered carpet and a few kids noticed his action, recognizing what was going to happen. A small child with blonde wild curls and a pair of autumn eyes sat in front of him, holding her teddy bear with one hand while sucking her thumb on the other. \"M-mister... Where's, Miss Holly? Isn't – she supposed – to be here..?\" she gasped in between her sentences. The girl took out a puffer from her pyjama pockets and took a breath in relief. Arthur crossed his legs and put his hands to his knees with a smile. \"What's your name?\" \"It's – Maddy... sir.\" \"Well, Maddy. Miss Holly will be back soon, I'm sure. But for now, I'll take her place for a bit.\" \"Oh.. o-okay.\" Arthur saw more kids gather around him while GrandSanta sat asleep on the rocking chair near the Christmas tree. The man slapped his knees and sat up straight, looking at those around him. \"How about a story everyone?\" They all cheered while Maddy in the front-centre gazed at him with wonder, waiting with awed eyes. Everyone became silent once more, sitting in expectation. \"Okay, well, let me tell you about a certain reindeer that I know. His name was Rudolf...\" The day went by and though the kids already knew the story, the way Arthur told them was quite spectacular. \"...And then! When Santa looked out his window, he saw that it was a blizzard out there! He couldn't see anything. Santa thought, 'How can I deliver the presents now if I can't see anything?' Suddenly a bright light filled the room, and they all turned to see its source. Boy! It-\" \"Oh! this's me fav'rite part!\" GrandSanta hobbled from the rocking chair and went to sit with the children, his face in just as much awe as Maddy and the rest of them. Arthur's face lit up. So he was listening after all . \"Okay! So anyway,\" The children giggled at this. \"Boy! It came from Rudolf-\" A loud but rather croaky whine came from just outside the hallway, and they all looked towards the sound. They heard the lady at the front desk scream along with the racket of things being thrown around. Arthur stood up and was about to check out what was happening. Hooves skidded across the polished floor of the hallway, and suddenly a reindeer with a neck cone dashed into the room, tongue out. It crashed unto GrandSanta and licked the old man's face with glee. \"Aghh! Ye old bag of fleas! I thought I told ye t'stay in the sleigh!\" The children screamed at the animal, but most of them ended with happy, surprised squeals. \"A reindeer!\" they exclaimed. Arthur grinned and put his hands to his hips. \"Well, kids, this is the Rudolf I was talking about.\" One of the little girls frowned at this. \"Mister, why doesn't his nose glow then?\" Arthur shrugged. \"He lost his bright glow due to old age, but I assure you this is him.\" Being the innocent kids that they were, they didn't think too much about it and piled on to hug the old animal. GrandSanta groaned in aggravation at the sudden crowd of free hugs which added to Rudolf licking his face off. \"Get off me, y' tykes!\" But there was one child that didn't join them. She instead hid behind Arthur's leg, holding her teddy bear tight. Arthur looked down behind himself and met her wild blonde curls. He crouched down beside her and she instead hid behind his back. \"What's wrong Maddy?\" The little girl didn't say anything. \"Um... would you like to stand beside me instead? We can talk about it.\" Maddy slowly got out of her hiding place and quietly settled next to him. She looked longingly at the other kids having fun, her autumn gaze in wonder. But the girl didn't dare to take a step to the laughing crowd. Arthur switched his gaze from Maddy to the group and back again. He began to understand. \"Ah, you're afraid of Rudolf?\" She nodded silently, her stare never leaving them. Arthur continued with a soft smile. \"Rudolf isn't so bad once you get to know him. Harmless, really... You know, you remind me a lot of my brother when he was small. We were both like that actually. Usually I'd cry as soon as I saw them, but he would just look from afar, like you.\" \"Mm.\" Maddy was listening, but her mind was mostly focused on Rudolf. \"Now that I think about it...\" Arthur thought long and hard at this. What was Rudolf doing here? Shouldn't he be watching the sleigh? His eyes widened. What happened to the sleigh?! So what did you think? Leave reviews, fav and follow please. They make my days especially in times when I'm really down. Everyone loves hearing credit, I know you do too ahahahaha... ehem... I'd love to hear your opinions and such. Stay tuned to learn what happens next![Chapter 5] Oooooohh my goodness! Five months since the last update! /slaps self/ where have I been?! ((no where you fool. Just forgetful!)) Thank you conscience. To those that have PM-ed me and reviewed and favourited and followed, I am back from my apparent hiatus, and am truly thankful. You've really made my days, especially zealousshadow who even made a fanart of this story (my first ever! /tears with happiness/). Check it out in the reviews, it's awesome. Thank you! Anyway, I think I've made you all wait long enough. Don't keep calm – be excited and read on. Somewhere, 12:58 p.m. Steve shivered as another cold wind passed through them. He held on to Holly tighter as she was about to fall out of his grasp. It seemed like Dasher was right about there being a nearby town in the deserted oasis they crashed into. The city had an odd sort of feel to it, like as if they were transported back in time to the previous century. Instead of the concrete pavements he was so used to, through the reindeer's steps, he could spot the brick roads that the snow blanketed over. The buildings around them were also of the traditional old age. It was somehow comforting in an odd sort of way, to pass by such historic structures. Yet this was not the time to sightsee. Not a single person was seen in the streets, and if they were, they'd be too far for him to notice. It is Christmas after all, he mused. Everyone is most likely inside celebrating. But surely there should be some people outside at least. It couldn't help to try to call for help though. Summoning as much strength as he could, Steve raised his voice. \"H-hello...? Is anyone there? I... have an injured woman with me in dire help... please...\" His voiced cracked and became dry from the cold. He then stopped in front of a building where he saw a bellboy standing by. It seemed like the boy was talking on the phone, but when he saw the reindeer, he hung up and ran to them. In an attempt to get off Dasher, Steve instead toppled off and landed on his back, trying to protect Holly. His side screamed at the sudden thump, but the man ignored it and managed to get into a kneeling position. He didn't kneel because he wanted to show respect; he knelt because if he stood, he wouldn't be able to bear the extra weight of Holly in his arms anymore. \"Please... she needs help...\" Steve rasped. The bellboy looked a bit shocked at what he just witnessed and replied, \"C'est mauvais... Attendez, je aiderai vous!\" He then ran inside, leaving them in the snow. Steve sighed. \"So much for Christmas spirit.. he left us.\" he whispered. Dasher nudged Steve's face comfortingly. \"Dasher, do you even know what that boy said..?\" But the reindeer only whined softly. Just as Steve was about to attempt to painfully get up and walk away, the bellboy came back, but this time with a few others, speaking in French to Steve. The man was taken aback at all their questions, not understanding a single one. \"Um, je... je ne... uh, parler..? Français... English.. please..?\" From the crowd of the staff, a woman then spoke to them in English. \"Here, I am a doctor.. let's bring her inside.\" Steve thanked her quietly and Holly was then handed off to another man to carry her inside the hotel which they came from, while someone else supported him. His camo shirt was slowly becoming drenched with blood and he clicked his tongue at the annoyance. At least they were now entering a rather fancy place, decorated with Christmas decorations. Almost everything was gold-trimmed and held an \"à la mode\" modern theme to it. Steve huffed at his surroundings. \"Quebec, huh..\" Dasher followed calmly on behind the staff, his hooves making loud clicks as soon as they reached the fine marble entrance. It was amazing how the door could fit a full-sized reindeer – it was just that spacious. The bellboy took a doubtful side glance at the animal, a little disturbed at how out of place it seemed, but Dasher simply snorted in mirth. Mission Control, 12:40 p.m. \"Oh my goodness, oh my goodness, oh my goodness..!\" Peter kept on walking in circles, his fists clenching his hair. As he did this, Pamela could only stare dumbfounded at the screen. Who was that woman..? How did the situation become that dire in the first place..? Her eyes then widened at the realization at what became of the sleigh. At a storm like that, there's no way it could've landed in one piece. Oh the poor EVE2! I told him that she was still incomplete! But her thoughts were disrupted by the constant bickering of Peter, and a vein popped in her head. She whipped her head his way and shushed him. \"Be quiet will you? The state we're already in is terrible enough as it is without your constant yappering.\" At this Peter spread his arms out, making doe eyes. \"But they could be anywhere by now! I thought you engineers were smart enough to make a tracking device on the sleigh at least.\" She scowled at his naivety and put her hands to her waist, taking a few steps towards him. \"Of course we did you bugging candydrop baby. The sleigh is just too damaged to even track it now.\" He crossed his arms and walked right up to her as well, returning the frown. \"Then why don't we get more resources and send out a search party, instead of building sugar cubed towers!\" \"Oh you irritate me so much! Who knew that you'd be this annoying when I saw you in the halls with the commander.\" \"Cold-hearted yeti.\" \"Annoying little imp.\" \"Ravaging mad beast!\" \"Sweet eggnogs!\" The other elf raised an eyebrow at this. \"Well that was lame. What's wrong with sweet eggnogs?\" Pamela scowled even more at him and said, \"I hate sweet eggnogs.\" Peter stayed silent, and the two were locked in a staredown. Time seemed to go on forever, not one of them daring to move. Then suddenly Peter turned and ran the opposite direction, his hands cupped around his mouth. \"Everyone! Steve is – mffmmnn!\" Pamela caught up to him and tackled him face-first to the ground. \"What are you doing Peter?!\" Peter scrambled out of her lock and stumbled to an awkward sitting position. Again he got up and ran, but she grabbed his legs and he fell forward. Just as he turned and was about to say something once more, Pamela put her entire palm on his mouth. \"Listen to me. Do you seriously want the whole HQ to know about this?! It's Christmas, and imagine how worried everyone will be if they found out! The spirit would be ruined... At the moment, we... just have to have faith that they'll make it safely,\" Then looking to the side, she sighed. \"Oh I hope the EVE2 isn't that unrecoverable..\" When the elf slowly removed her hand, Peter didn't shout this time. He began to assess this and understand, though it wasn't something to be happy about. Finally he spoke, \"Is there, anything.. anything at all that we can do..?\" Pamela pressed her lips together, her eyebrows making two points. \"There is... but it's... extremely dangerous.\" Cranberry Cove, B.C. 12:41 p.m. After seeing Rudolf in the room, Arthur dashed through the small town and into the alleyway without a second thought. Pausing, he waved his arms and legs around him, checking if the invisible sleigh was there. Finding nothing, he was only greeted with the emptiness of the path. People outside probably thought he was crazy for doing a strange dance in a hidden passage, but at the moment, he was too concerned to pay any heed. Exiting the alley, he came face to face with GrandSanta. \"Ey, Arthur, where've you been?\" He had a stern look to his face. The boy frowned. \"GrandSanta.. aren't you supposed to be looking after the kids?\" The old geezer cocked an eyebrow at this. \"Th'old bag of fleas is watchin' the young 'uns. An' aren't you supposed to be lookin' after them?\" He made sure to stress 'you' when he said that. \"Anyway, what you got behind yer back, eh? Where's me darling EVE2?\" Arthur shifted his eyes while laughing hysterically. \"Well, let's go back to the daycare, GrandSanta before Steve and... Miss Holly was it? come back.\" Just as the boy began to urge him back, GrandSanta knocked him in the head aside with his wooden cane and wobbled into the alley. Rubbing his sore spot, Arthur went back to, only to see the old man find that the sleigh was gone as well. The boy could only laugh feverishly as GrandSanta turned around with a confused look on his face, his free hand to his chest. \"Where's me sleigh at, Arthur..?\" Arthur rubbed his arm and shrugged his shoulders, cold sweat appearing in the side of his face. It made him uneasy seeing the old man politely asking where his sleigh was. \"Y-you see, that's the thing.. GrandSanta.. I-I really don't know,\" The old man was staring at him blankly, making him even more nervous. An awkward silence passed between the two. Then Arthur spoke up, his voice cracking a little. \"B-but! I can call the North Pole to f-find out!\" \"Thought ye didn't have that what's-it-called.\" He reached to his back pocket, turning a bit before he finally grabbed the HOHO in his pocket. Giving a short laugh towards GrandSanta, he held it out. \"I-I don't. Bryony lent hers to me before we snuck into the sleigh.\" The old man could only give a huff as Arthur dialled the only number he knew. It rung about three times before the person on the other line picked up. \"Hello?\" \"Dad!\" From the North Pole, Malcolm was celebrating Christmas Day with all the other elves and his wife in one of the ceremony halls. The giant Christmas tree stood brilliant in the centre, gifts being unravelled and white champagne handed out to all. Jolly Christmas music played in the warm golden background as the man reluctantly paused to talk to the person on the other side of the line. \"Arthur, is that you? How did you get my contact? By the way, where are you? Everyone but you, father and Steve are here. Look, the elves are even bringing in the reindeer. Oh goodness.\" Arthur could hear him laugh, carefree, along with the rather loud background sounds. \"Of course I'd know your HOHO contact, dad. A-anyway, GrandSanta and I are in Cranberry Cove, B.C. And the sleigh we used to get here went missing and so did Steve.\" \"... we have a sleigh?\" \"Y-yes, and I need your help to track it... you can..\" The boy thought long and hard on 'how' to do that exactly. Then an idea popped in his head. \"You can try asking Peter! I'm sure he knows something about what happened. Oh but don't worry about us, we're fine really.\" \"Uhm.. okay.. I'll do that... Honey, do you know where Peter is at?\" Another voice near him replied to his question. \"Sorry Malcolm, I don't. You can try asking the other elves.\" Hearing their conversation, Arthur held out the HOHO to GrandSanta, urging him to take it. \"Do you want to add anything GrandSanta?\" With a huff, the old man grasped the device and held it in front of himself, speaking regardless if he could be heard or not. \"Listen 'ere son. That dear sleigh me grandson took years to create is me precious EVE,\" \"EVE2, actually.\" Arthur piped in, but GrandSanta simply continued on. \"An' I ain't gonna sit 'round waitin' for it to 'magically' appear.\" With that, GrandSanta tapped the red button in the middle of the screen to hang up, but the device wouldn't close. In frustration, GrandSanta kept on jabbing the screen. Arthur reached towards the device, stuttering in uneasiness. \"Ah, G-GrandSanta..! It's-it's alright let me do it-\" \"Pipe down, will ya? I got this – I ain't some old geezer who doesn't know anythin'.\" Pushing the boy away, he mumbled to himself, \"Now... how do I get this thing workin'... Ah! Curse this wretched what's-it-called!\" Before Arthur could do anything else, GrandSanta pitched the HOHO to the ice-cold ground and thrust his cane onto the device. The screen glitched and cracked before finally turning black. GrandSanta chuckled to himself, sniffing loud. \"Now that's how ye do it.\" Arthur gawked at the HOHO, speechless as the old man hobbled away back towards the daycare. From the North Pole, Malcolm suddenly heard the line cut off and he uttered, \"Hello? Arthur?\" in confusion. His wife touched his shoulder and asked if he was okay. Putting down the HOHO, he shrugged to her. \"Arthur said that they were fine in B.C. I guess. I think he also mentioned that we should ask Peter what happened to Steve's sleigh,\" Yet with a happy sigh, he spun Mrs. Clause around and held her close. They both laughed and all of a sudden the two felt like they were in their thirties again. \"But, after the Christmas party of course, my dear.\" Mrs. Clause waved her free hand downwards with a smile. \"I'm sure they're fine, enjoying Christmas in their own way. Our two boys are grown ups now, especially Steve, so this is the time when they should go out and have some fun.. But I do wish that they'll come home for New Years at least,\" In her mind she added in mirth, \"With a new addition to the family, of course.\" Back in Crandberry Cove, Arthur finally caught up to GrandSanta in the daycare, the broken device in his hands. \"GrandSanta, why'd you do that? What'll Bryony think? How're we going to find your sleigh without the North Pole's help..?\" Yet he only waved it off and stood in front of the building, rubbing his hands together. Arthur's brows furrowed in curiosity and doubt at what the old man's plan was. \"GrandSanta..? What are you doing?\" \"Findin' me sleigh of course.\" Without further explanation, he put his two fingers into his mouth and gave a long, high-pitched whistle. A few moments of silence went by as the two apparently waited for something to happen, while GrandSanta acted as if he did this all the time, chewing his gums without any concern. Then, all of a sudden, out of the blue came seven reindeer, galloping straight towards them. \"The sleigh's reindeer, huh... oh no they're heading straight at us..!\" Arthur scrambled back, stumbling and tripping on his bottom as they trotted to a stop upon the soft snow and cold concrete, puffing out chilly breaths. However, the reindeer still hovered a little bit above the ground, their... Arthur murmured, \"Magic dust..\" still in effect. That meant they were recently released somewhere. The boy was quite surprised at the unexpected entering of the beasts and scuttle backwards, his back hitting the wall. They nudged their bulky heads towards him in curiosity, and Arthur remembered the first time he met these reindeer. Then it all came together to him. \"Ooh! I see what you're doing!\" He gave a short chortle in realization. \"You're going to use them to track down the sleigh. Ahaha!\" Laughing in understanding, the boy counted how many there were and his smile melted into a puzzled frown. \"GrandSanta, why are there only seven..?\" Yet the old man simply shrugged and attempted to get on one of the reindeer, huffing at the difficulty. Just as he barely managed to get his stomach on, Arthur asked, \"But what about the children?\" GrandSanta waved that statement away and rounded his legs around the animal with much effort. \"They 'ave their 'Auntie Rose' or whatever her name is, now let's go. You ride Bambi.\" \"Please don't leave us!\" The two, along with the reindeer turned to see who said that and saw the small crowd of children at the entrance of the daycare. A few of them ran to the beasts with giggles, while others stayed put, straight determined looks set on their faces. GrandSanta scowled and shooed them away with his cane. \"Go back, ye tykes!\" Rudolf pranced out as well, making the old man groan even more. \"Not you too!\" Arthur crouched in front of the child that spoke out loud amongst the rest. It was Paulo. \"Paulo, isn't auntie Rose with you?\" Yet he shook his head and pouted. \"No, sir. She's hibernating, like usual. All auntie Rose does is eat, sleep, read magazines, or goes on her computer.. that's why we don't like her.\" Before Arthur could say anything to that, the boy clung on to him, and the other children did the same. They all begged in whiny voices to go with the two. \"Please don't leave us, Arthur!\" \"We want to see Miss Holly!\" \"Where is she?\" \"Please!\" Arthur looked to GrandSanta with a helpless look on his face, yet the old man only scowled. \"No. We ain't takin' no ankle biters! Now hurry up and get on Bambi while I ride John.\" Cranberry Cove, B.C. 1:25 p.m. \"This is mad, Arthur.\" The young man managed to strap large, secure panniers to the sides of five of the reindeer, one child strapped per reindeer, leaving the other two for both Arthur and GrandSanta. He wanted to bring more, but that would only make them slower, and they would run out of magic dust faster than intended. Even now the reindeer were hovering off the ground because of the dust. They were running out of time, and who knows when they would suddenly stop flying? GrandSanta looked apathetically from where he sat. \"If they fall, it ain't me fault.\" Yet Arthur only laughed as he pulled on a strap. \"I'm pretty confident the reindeer won't drop them – they were able to carry a whole sack of presents back then, remember?\" Rudolf brayed with excitement at that comment, and GrandSanta looked to the animal. \"Ey, not you ya old bag o' fleas. Y'can barely hold yer own now a days. If we were to put a child on ya, it'd be down the trench I say. Yer lucky we even shared a bit of the magic dust with ye.\" In response, Rudolf only licked GrandSanta in the face, his short tail wagging. And so, Arthur went through a group check as the kids in the baskets chatted with the ones on the ground. \"Okay so, um, tell me if you're ready to go when I call your name... Tegan?\" He passed by each reindeer as he called out their names. \"Here!\" The little girl raised her hand, over her head, grinning from the pannier. \"Paulo.\" \"Here.\" \"Angelica.\" \"Present.\" \"Marco.\" \"Yes.\" Arthur went to the last reindeer and called out the last name. \"Maddy.\" When he heard no response, the young man looked down and saw the girl in the basket, biting her lip while keeping her hands close to her chest. He leaned forward to her eye level and smiled. \"It's alright, Maddy. You're riding the most elegant reindeer of them all-\" Arthur patted the animal's neck softly. \"-Dancer. With him, it'll be like riding on a graceful meri-go-round. It'll be a spectacular ride, I promise.\" \"P-promise..?\" She looked up at him with wide eyes, and he could tell that she was indeed trying her best to be brave. The young man patted her head and got back up. \"Promise. Miss Holly is going to be so proud of you, knowing that you went to see if she's doing alright yourself.\" At this the girl lit up and nodded. \"Y-yes...\" She took a breath out of her puffer. \"I'm ready... Arthur.\" With that, he looked to the rest of the children with a smile. \"Okay, we're ready to go!\" Then to the ones staying he added, \"Be good while we're gone, okay?\" Though they responded reluctantly, they were also cheerful. Miss Holly really must mean a lot to them. Getting on 'Bambi' Arthur held tight to the reins. He was still a little afraid of the beasts, but as the years went by, he began to get a little more accustomed to their presence. \"Ugh, finally boy. I was beginning to fall asleep ya know?\" GrandSanta whipped the reins on 'John' and immediately did they gallop into the sky, trusting the reindeer's instincts to head towards Steve and Holly. Higher and higher they went, the train of reindeer following the leader. The children shrieked, some with excitement, while others out of slight fright. Surprisingly none of them cried. GrandSanta whistled a single, unwavering tune, making them reach a steady pace just above the clouds. The children's shrieks were replaced quickly with awe and wonder, Tegan reached out of her basket to touch the clouds, giggling at the feeling. They could see the entire town from up there through them, and Arthur looked back to see Maddy peeking just a little above the pannier to the world below, her eyes sparkling with wonderment. For a Christmas day, things were getting quite spontaneous. Room 165, The Marigold Hiltonn Hotel, 1:37 p.m. Everything was shady; hints of grey and black patched up her world. She felt cold and drenched. Have I... Have I... p-passed..? But then warmth enveloped her, welcoming and comforting. A smile and sigh played on her lips at the sudden good change in atmosphere. Thank goodness, it seems that I haven't.. Then again... is it – is it... the light..? It invaded her cloudy world, against her protests, eventually waking her up. The woman could only see red as the soft sunlight reached her eyes. Oh... I thought I was going to 'that' place... Thank goodness.. She slowly opened them and her vision came a little hazy at first. Rubbing them clear, the first thing she saw was – Holly turned scarlet. A man's bare back. \"Aaaaaaaaaaaayyyyiiieeeee-!\" Steve gave a surprised yelp and stumbled away from Holly, the shirt in his hands flying out and on to the floor. His elbow hit the cabinet and he scrambled to regain his balance. The man shivered from the shock and covered his bandaged stomach for some strange reason. Why is it bandaged? But Holly did not care for that at the moment. \"What are you doing here?! What am I doing here?! Why are you half naked?! What's going on?!\" Her head hurt and she still felt a little cold all over. She realized that she was laying on a king-sized bed, all tucked in. Then she gasped. \" Oh my goodness did I get drunk ? \" Steve's eyes widened and his eyebrows pointed upwards in surprise. \"W-what?! N-no!\" He quickly picked up the shirt and put it on. It was a simple black v-neck long sleeve. \"None of that happened!\" Holly pulled the blankets higher up to her chin, staring daggers at this man. All she could remember was riding... a sleigh for crying out loud. Then... a storm came.. and she went unconscious. That was it. So how did they end up in a luxury hotel?! \"Then what exactly happened after the storm? How did we end up here when a few minutes ago we were over a hundred feet in the sky?\" Steve leaned on the cabinet across from the bed. He hid it last minute, but Holly saw that he grimaced a bit. \"After the sleigh crashed, you got hypothermia and.. and I carried you here. The staff saw us, tended to us, and that was it.\" Holly couldn't believe it. \"You.. carried me? Here?\" Immediately Steve frowned and looked to the side, his hand going to the back of his head. \"Well, no, not really. Y-you could say that it was Dasher who did.\" She looked down to her hands, then scanned the room, needing something to argue about at least to hide her secret gratitude. At this, the woman realized something. \"W-why are we in the same room..?! In the same bed?! Did you... did you-\" \"I did not sleep with you. Geez, are all women like this?\" She stayed silent, only glaring daggers at him. Steve sighed loudly and crossed his arms. \"Heck, I didn't even sleep since we got here. The staff just thought we were a couple and I found you here when they were done speaking to me.\" \"Why would I want to be a couple with you?\" \"I didn't ask for it, mrs. Holly.\" \"It's miss and I didn't ask for it either.\" She then attempted to get out of bed, but as soon as she got out of the blankets, her clothing was replaced by simple white cotton pjs. \"Wh... where's my clothes?\" But he shrugged and put his hand to his pocket to take something out. Then his hands then awkwardly fell to his sides in realization that his HOHO was no longer there. A dense silence passed by and Steve went back to crossing his arms. Looking at her he stated, \"Don't worry, the doctor was a woman.\" When she said nothing he continued. \"Dasher's in a another place – I'm guessing where they keep their cars. Another reindeer was supposed to be with us, but I do not know what happened to him... Rudolf, that is,\" Then to himself he muttered, \"The old bag's probably going to die of a heart attack if he finds out what happened to both Rudolf and the sleigh...\" Even though it was to himself, Holly heard all of it, and she couldn't help but still laugh. Steve looked to her with question, one eyebrow raised. \"Is something the matter?\" But she only shook her head, taking a good long look at him. \"It's a little hard to believe that you're Santa's son, and that there's really a sleigh, and reindeer that fly and all that, even though I've seen everything.\" The man didn't comment on her remark, but instead changed the topic. \"I propose that we thank the staff. They provided an extra set of clothes for you on the table over there.\" He jerked his thumb to his left before leaving. As she got up and passed by him, Holly noticed something different about the way Steve moved. The woman didn't pay attention before, but now she noticed it. Steve tried to hide it, but now she could tell. When the door shut, Holly stared after it. \"He,\" She shut her mouth and pressed her lips, then spoke again. \"... his hand, and side... what really happened..?\" Front desk, the Marigold Hiltonn Hotel, 1:40 p.m. Steve waited patiently at the front desk for the receptionist to come by. The staff is lacking.. well wouldn't blame them – it is Christmas Day after all. Then a rather stout and jolly person came in laughing from a door on the side and when he saw Steve, he cleared his throat and went over to him with a smile. Leaning on the counter that lay between them, he asked, \"Est-ce que je peut aimer tu?\" When Steve did not respond, he rephrased his sentence, with a deep Quebecois accent, \"How may I help you, young lad?\" The man raised an eyebrow. Young lad? I'm practically well in my thirties. But Steve didn't dwell on the topic and instead went straight into mannerism. \"I'm doing quite fine thanks to your staff. I want to thank you on behalf of miss Holly and I, for taking us in despite the fact that do not have any money.\" The jolly man then lit up and snapped his fingers in recognition. \"Ah, yes! You're the couple that came in with the reindeer,\" Steve grimaced slightly. Couple? Mr. Jolly then laughed and smacked the counter. \"That was quite the scenario there.. But please do stay for the day at least, after all, it is Christmas!\" He looked around then leaned in and cupped his hand around his mouth, whispering to Steve, \"As the owner of this hotel, I insist.\" The other man was taken aback. \"O-owner? Then what are you doing at the front desk?\" Mr. Jolly shrugged but kept a serene look. \"Truth be told, the staff is my family and my family is the staff. This is why this hotel is always brimming with energy, and why I have a potbelly.\" He chuckled, saying to himself, \"The chefs were always too kind.\" Inside Steve had many thoughts. He didn't know whether to be happy or sad for the man. Happy because the owner himself spent quality time with the staff and the hotel. Sad because, well, he probably didn't have anyone to go home to on Christmas. \"B-but sir-\" The other man waved him off. \"Call me Auguste.\" After a pause, Steve continued, \"Okay... but mr. Auguste, we have nothing to offer, what can we possibly do to repa-\" Yet he waved it off with a grin. \"Bah, repay, my foot. It's Christmas, no?\" At this Steve stayed silent, not knowing really what to say, so Auguste continued. \"I'll tell you this: How 'bout, I give you a ride all the way to where you came from?\" Steve was about to protest when the other man put up his hand. \"Epepep, I am not finished. In return, you, and your little lady friend must work here for a few days,\" He smiled happily. \"How about that?\" Steve couldn't help but stutter a bit. \"T-that's it? But our... home is all the way in British Columbia..!\" Auguste put his hands to his stout hips. \"Well then, I guess you'll also have to tell me stories as well, and how you got here, lad.\" I'm not the story telling type of person... This guy's crazy. They both laughed, but Steve did so hysterically. \"Uh.. If that's what it takes, then I'm willing to try.. Thank you Mr. Auguste.\" Suddenly the jolly man clapped his hands once with a smile. \"Great! We start tomorrow. For now, eat lunch and rest up. Your tickets will be ready soon.\" Restaurant balcony, the Marigold Hiltonn Hotel, 2:00 p.m. Steve couldn't get two thoughts out of his head as he sat quietly on the balcony overlooking the city. One: The fact that Mr. Auguste was willing to pay for not only their stay, but also their entire trip just for a few days of working. Steve just had to admit that that generosity made him a better Santa than his own father and grandfather. And two: The fact that his HOHO was still in the bottom of the lake. At the thought of his HOHO, his frown deepened. Then a sudden snap of the fingers in front of his face wakened him from his daydream. Looking up, he saw Holly also staring at him with a concerned look. He hadn't realized that she was present. She wore a white wool sweater along with a fresh pair of dark jeans. Mr. Auguste and the staff really did go all out in making sure we were comfortable. A moment of dumbfounded silence. She spoke first. \"Hey, did you hear me?\" The man finally came to his senses. \"Ahh... no, I'm sorry.. Can you repeat what you said?\" Holly sighed and stirred her drink with a straw. \"I said that I'm sorry for what happened before, and for what happened to your device too.. And thank you, for saving me,\" Then she looked to the city and murmured in a soft voice, \"I mustered up all my courage just to say that, and you're making me repeat it.. geez.\" Steve gave her a surprised look to mock her, and she only blushed deeper. But in a way, remembering the past events did make him blush a little as well. It was for a good cause, nothing more, nothing less. \"It's no problem really.\" Before either of them could say anything more, a waiter brought in their appetizers and left with a bow. Steve looked down to see that it was soup. Suitable for the winter.. Holly quietly took small sips without looking up. Seems like she's getting uncomfortable around me... huh. But things were getting awkward and Steve hated that kind of feeling. But the only thing he could do at the moment was enjoy his meal as well. Picking up his spoon with his left hand he suddenly grimaced and dropped the spoon. Dammit.. Being left-handed, he realized that it was his writing hand that just had to get bandaged. Looking up at Holly, she still continued to eat peacefully. Okay, she didn't notice. You can do this Steve. With his right hand he slowly lifted the spoon up. Shakily trying to steady his hand, it felt like forever to get the spoon to scoop the soup. Using his right hand to eat felt so wrong and aggravating. For a good few minutes Steve was barely able to even get one sip and struggled mainly on looking natural. As much as he wanted to be ambidextrous, he felt like he had no fingers to use at all, with one being handicapped and the other useless in fine tasks. A cold sweat streaked down his temple. \"Are you alright?\" The man paused his struggles. Holly was gazing at him, her hand over her small smile. Frustrated, he stared into the soup, at his own reflection. \"I'm fine.\" How can she be so lighthearted at a time like this? He didn't realize it before, but now he registered that they were actually in a deep pinch. His HOHO was gone, the sleigh meant for GrandSanta destroyed, and his hand and side injured. Furthermore, we're eating lunch on a balcony in Quebec when we should be back with Arthur and GrandSanta.. Heck, the woman almost died of hypothermia! In exasperation Steve shifted the spoon to his left hand, but grimaced as soon as he flexed his hand, once again dropping the spoon on the table. And this time, Holly noticed. A moment of awkward silence grew heavy in the air. All of a sudden the background noise became a little louder than before. Even more sweat appeared and Steve felt more uncomfortable than Holly was in the beginning. His pride was on the line here! Admitting he needed help to eat was a shameless thing for a man. He would not be babied. Steve pushed the bowl aside, looking to the city – anywhere but at Holly. \"I can wait for the main course.\" Soup. It just had to be soup. At least with a solid food I can pick at it. But soup ? Really? \"I.. I-I ate last night, so I'm not hungry anyway.\" That was what he told her. His stomach thought otherwise. It wasn't loud, but he could still hear the grumble that came from his gut – and she probably did too. None of them said anything. Quietly taking the spoon from the table, Holly gently scooped the soup. She blowing on it, she lifted it to his face, urging the man to eat. \"It'll be a pity to skip such a delicious appetizer made in Quebec.\" Holly mumbled. Instead, Steve stared doubtfully at it, looking from the spoon to the woman, and back again. \"This is ridiculous, both you and I know it.\" Yet she kept on a straight face. \"Well, now that I am already holding it out, you might as well eat, you know.\" \"I am not a child.\" \"But you did not eat since last night, you said.\" \"Are you my mother?\" \"No, but this is embarrassing for me too. People are looking, and you might as well take it... Also, it's better to at least taste food from another place.\" Steve looked around and noticed a few eyes on them. Geez, this woman put me in a rather awkward situation... A vein appeared on his temple. To others they appeared like an embarrassed couple, wanting to feed the other but too shy to do so. To them, it was a battlefield of will, seeing who would give in first. Their gazes were locked, challenging the other. But things seemed to drag on, making the two feel uncomfortable. Still, Holly was set on him tasting the soup... He groaned aggravatingly on the inside. Fine. At least Arthur and GrandSanta, or anyone from his family were somewhere else at the moment. Moving closer to it, he quietly put his mouth to he spoon, tasting the rather brilliant flavour. Sitting back, the man took in the taste. It was a pleasant and enriching, warm to both his throat and stomach. A sigh escaped his lips. Amongst the sudden bright silence, Holly then spoke up. Steve suddenly became cautious again. She's going to call me immature, isn't she.. Yet the woman only talked about something else. Looking at her soup, she smiled ever so slightly. \"You know, in the daycare, the children always complained about their food and such. How it would be too hot, too spicy, and how they were too tired to eat because it was just before nap time. But, even though they complained, they still allowed me to feed them, cooling their food before pretending the spoon would be an airplane..\" She made the gesture with her the spoon in her hands as she explained this. Steve slightly raised an eyebrow to this, crossing his arms, yet still listening to her story nonetheless. Inside he couldn't help but let out an amused huff. Well, technically she did call me a child in a roundabout, confusing and indirect way... referring back to her daycare that is. But even after that, she continued to talk about the little things in her life. She never went into important details, and Steve was fine with that, listening to the simplest things in her daily regime. Eventually, by the end of their main course, they were both laughing over a funny event that happened to Steve. And yes, he began to slowly, ever so slowly, open up to this woman who dragged him out of the comforts of his own home. Ah, man what a way to end that chapter. Stay tuned for the next one! Hopefully it won't be as long to update the next time, /crosses fingers/. I haven't lost hope! Thanks to all those who complimented on the story and motivated me despite my terrible updating skills. By the way, I don't know how a surprised girl would scream, so I asked different people and these were the results: \"Ahh!\" \"Aaaeee!\" \"Yee!\" \"Yikes!\" \"Yeek!\" \"/Gasp!/\" \"Ayie!\" \"Uwah!\" \"Ayaa!\" ... none of them really proved to be that great, so I hoped that you guys used your own imagination when it came to the scream.. haha. I hope that not all of you have given up on me yet... PM me for any clear-ups and/or even tips on how to improve on my story (I enjoy improving on writing). Fav/Follow/Review to keep me alive please! ","Summary":" North Pole. Mission Control. December 23; Eve of Christmas Eve. 6:30 p.m. \"Hey everyone! It's our "},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Adjustments and Agreements","Author":"BethNoz16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12233506","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Charlie insisted that they go out and celebrate after they found Kate (or should Stuart say Lady Katherine Mountbatten, Duchess of Albany) on Google. She and Leopold had lived long, happy lives, eventually having two children, a boy called Stuart (he would be flattered if Charlie hadn't looked just a little crushed) and a girl called Charlotte (He did point out that their daughter was technically named after her uncle and she had been born first). Anyway, Charlie wanted to celebrate his sister's glorious legacy and so they were going out. And not out in the way Stuart liked to go out, oh no. They were going Out, with a capital O, on a bender. \"I'm on some pretty heavy painkillers you know Charlie, I probably shouldn't be drinking.\" He offered weakly in the cab, but by then it was too late. Charlie had already got it in his thick head that they were going out (apparently this whole 'sending his sister back through time' thing had made them best buddies or something), and so out they would be going. \"So don't drink.\" Charlie suggested casually. \"Stay sober and take care of me.\" After throwing up just a little bit in the back of his throat at the thought of that, Stuart shook his head. \"I think I'll just risk hospitalisation, Chuck.\" Shrugging, Charlie passed him a little bottle of vodka, pulled from his pocket, gotten from God only knows where. At Stuart's frown, the other man grinned, quickly downing one of his own. \"Kate has tonnes of these at the back of one of her cupboards, I think she must collect them when she goes to big hotels, and I figured, since she's not gonna drink them now...\" Stuart didn't bother reminding Charlie that he should be talking about his sister in the past tense now, since technically she had been dead since 1922, since Charlie already knew that and was probably just working through it. Stuart opened his bottle and took a tentative sip. It wasn't expensive stuff, only Smirnoff, and it burnt his throat going down, but it was nice. Grounding almost. The past week, it had been unbelievable. The theory he'd been postulating since college, confirmed, the theory that time was an infinite loop, with only a little more research to be done, also confirmed. His ex-girlfriend, who had, at the start of the last week, hated him? Now they were buddies and he'd helped her go back in time to marry her true love, who just happened to be the Duke of Albany, inventor of the elevator. Not to mention his little stint in hospital and the psych ward. God, the more Stuart thought about it, the more insane it all sounded, no wonder he'd been institutionalised. He finished off the vodka with one last gulp and held out his hand expectantly towards Charlie. The other man laughed and handed him another mini-bottle, this one of whiskey. He downed that one as quick as he could, coughing at the taste. Glancing out the window of the cab, he couldn't help but wonder. Were Kate and Leopold reuniting somewhere in the past even as he sat there and drank? He hoped so. He had never seen Kate quite as happy as she had been with Leopold, not ever in the four years they had spent together. In a way, he was almost jealous. Kate had been as awful to him as he'd been to her, if not more-so, she'd shocked both he and poor Bart a lot since they'd broken up, but now she had her happily-ever-after? Seemed a little bit unfair to Stuart. Especially as his theory would never be accepted in the scientific community. The theory of time-travel, when proposed in all seriousness, was generally scorned in the scientific community. At best, it made you look a little quirky, at worst it made you look like a loon and Stuart had never had the best of luck. He knew that all of the evidence he'd collected could be dismissed as faked, the photographs staged, the equations nonsensical. Obviously he and Charlie knew this wasn't true, but without some indisputable, tangible proof, he'd be a laughing stock to everyone else. And when (if, he reminded himself, if, if, if) his little stint in the hell that was the Psych Ward came to light, he'd be outright disgraced. He groaned and lowered his head in to his hands. The biggest scientific breakthrough of the century and the only people that could back him up were a couple currently living in the late 19th century and a failing actor. Brilliant. \"Uh, Stu? You OK there?\" Speaking of the failing actor (OK, that was a little mean, maybe thus-far-unsuccessful actor was a better descriptor), Charlie was looking over at him, concerned. \"You look a little pale.\" \"Yeah, yeah, I'm OK, I was just, just thinking.\" Charlie slumps back in his seat, looking relieved. \"Oh, OK, good. I thought maybe you were freaking out on me for a second there, buddy.\" Stuart shook his head and there was a moment of silence between them. \"What're you thinking about?\" Stuart snorted at the way Charlie said that, like a curious kid, and shrugged. \"Just stuff. Time travel could be the biggest scientific discovery of…well of all time, and there is not a single soul, aside from you and Gretchen-\" Charlie's brows furrowed at the mention of the nurse he'd never met \"-will ever believe me. Effectively, I'm a failure of a physicist, and my life's work has been for nothing.\" Stuart looked up and found Charlie staring at him, eyes wide. \"So you're just having a little existential crisis there, huh Stu?\" \"Don't call me Stu. And it's not an existential crisis, it's just a little moment of self-doubt.\" \"Well, you know what always helps me in my moments of self-doubt, Stewie?\" \"OK, definitely don't call me Stewie. What?\" Grinning slightly manically, Charlie dug his hands in to his pockets and drew out two handfuls of mini-bottles. \"Alcohol!\" It was not the most elegant solution, but it was a solution (both literally and metaphorically), he supposed, reaching out and taking a few of the bottles to down before they reached the bar or the club, or whatever this place that Charlie had chosen was. Charlie was already on his fourth bottle of vodka. Stuart sighed. It was going to be a long night. It was indeed a long night. Charlie had, unbeknownst to Stuart, invited his new girlfriend Patrice along for a few drinks (the place he'd chosen was some hole-in-the-wall bar with dingy lighting and a sticky bar-top) and the two had evidently decided to spend the night trying to inhale one another. \"Charlie. Charlie. CHARLIE!\" Charlie finally turned to face him, lips shiny with spittle and Patrice's lip-gloss. Stuart couldn't even begrudge Charlie the attention he was lavishing on the woman. She was stunningly hot, after all. \"Dude, what?! I'm kinda busy here!\" As if to emphasise his point, Charlie gestured emphatically to Patrice, almost hitting her in the face in the process. \"I think I'm gonna head home, this place isn't really my scene.\" Charlie sighed and turned his body to face Stuart, slipping an arm over Patrice's shoulder. \"No, c'mon, don't go. Look, we didn't mean to ignore you, we just got a little…Carried away. We'll stop, just stick around for a little longer, please?\" He fixed Stuart with the worst puppy-eyes he'd ever seen, and Stuart found himself nodding. Sighing, he agreed. \"Fine. But only for one more drink, OK?\" Grinning, Charlie nodded and nudged Patrice. \"OK, we'll go get the next round.\" And with that, off they headed to the bar, leaving Stuart behind. He sighed, unhappy to be back with only his thoughts. He'd moved on from the death of his career now, on to another, equally depressive, subject: Leopold and Kate. Kate and Leopold. True love embodied in one 19th century Duke and one career-driven bit- OK, that wasn't fair. During their entire relationship, Stuart had been every bit at fault for its failings as Kate had. They'd both been too concerned about their careers to properly commit to one another. By the end of those four long years, they'd been more like enemies than past partners, always lashing out at one another just on the off chance they might land a blow. But still… Kate had treated him as badly as he'd treated her, hell, she'd even shocked his dog which was just not cool, really, what had poor Bart ever done to her? But, that having been said, she had still been a pal, and he was glad she'd found true love, mostly, but he just wished that her going in to the past hadn't halved his pool of friends. 'Actually, thinking on that, I should probably do some more research, see how she did back then.' He thought, resolving to head to the library the next day. He smirked at the brief thought of Kate in those huge ball gowns, trying her best to dance some waltz or another. Poor Leopold would probably never hear the end of how impractical the fashions of his time were. He wondered, not for the first time, if Kate was truly happy in the past with Leopold. So many of the values then were so different from her own, not to mention the societal expectations that would be placed on her. Stuart wondered if he'd done the right thing, sending Kate back. He supposed he must have done. Google had said she'd lived until the ripe old age of 77, so she clearly mustn't have been too upset by her new life. And besides, if she had (or did, as the case may be) truly, utterly hated it, she had his notes. She didn't know she had his notes, he'd handed copies over to Leopold before he'd left, but if she was utterly desperate to come back, she could. Provided she could interpret what he'd written correctly. Otherwise she'd just end up throwing herself off the Brooklyn Bridge. He shuddered at the thought of that and decided he needed another drink rather urgently, but looked up to see Charlie and Patrice glued to each other by the lips again. \"Oh for God's sake!\" Stuart muttered, standing abruptly. He began to make his way over to them, limping determinedly. Unfortunately for Stuart, who was still using a crutch to help with his ankle, some idiot had spilt their drink in the precise spot where his cane had just landed. It slipped and Stuart followed suite, his bad leg buckling under his sudden, unsupported weight. Just before he landed on his face, a pair of hands appeared out of nowhere and grabbed his arms, pulling him back to his feet. \"Oh my God, are you OK?\" A distinctly female voice asked. After making firmly sure that he wasn't going to fall again (and that he wasn't actually having a heart attack), Stuart looked at his rescuer and balked. \"Did you catch me?\" He asked in confusion, but only because this woman was tiny, barely reached his chin in fact and didn't look like she could've caught Kate, let alone Stuart. She nodded and pushing a strand of dark hair behind her left ear. \"Yeah. Are you OK?\" \"Yeah, yeah, I slipped, that's all.\" He cleared his throat in a manner that he hoped was not as awkward as it felt. \"Thanks. For helping me, I mean.\" She shrugged, looking down at her feet. Stuart glanced down too, taking in her loafers and then his own. \"It's no problem. Are you gonna be OK getting out of here?\" Stuart thought, for approximately one second, that this woman (who, he thought, was as hot as Patrice. As hot as Kate, even) was hitting on him, before he remembered that there was a small staircase at the entrance of this stupid bar. He went to tell her that he wasn't actually leaving, just going over to his friend, when it hit him. Why shouldn't he leave? He wasn't having fun, he wasn't in the mood to have fun, he had all of his crap in his coat pockets and he knew Charlie had enough money for a cab. \"Actually, if you're willing, that'd be a real help.\" He said, instead of telling her that his friend was by the bar. He didn't even try to catch Charlie's eye as he left. He'd see him tomorrow. \"I'm Stuart, by the way.\" The woman smiled at him and Stuart found himself smiling back. \"I'm Trish.\" She offered, linking her arm through the one that wasn't holding his crutch. They walked towards the exit very quietly, listening to the music blaring through the speakers. Stuart thought it might be Destiny's Child, but he wasn't quite sure. Either way, the music was loud and made a good excuse not to talk, which gave Stuart a few moments to study the woman beside him. She had a very pleasant face, one that was made for smiling Stuart thought, with big brown eyes that were magnified by the chunky glasses that perched on her nose. Her dark skin had a sheen of sweat to it, and Stuart guessed she must've been part of the large group of girls that had been squeezed together on the tiny dance floor a few minutes earlier. Her dark hair was long and styled in loose curls, but Stuart could tell that it wasn't like that naturally. Probably chemically straightened, he guessed. She was quite (how would Leopold put it he wondered) well-endowed, big hips, small waist, nice chest and probably a nice ass too, if he had to guess. Not that he'd had chance to look, but a man could hazard a guess. He was so busy hazarding a guess that it took Stuart a moment to realise that they were halfway up the stairs and Miss Trish was halfway through saying something. \"- and I tried to get out of it, I mean, I'm hardly a party girl, \" Stuart was obviously staring because she stopped and laughed self-consciously. \"I'm rambling, aren't I?\" \"Yeah, a little.\" They stepped out in to the cold night air and Trish shivered beside him. \"Thanks for your help. With the stairs and the…other thing.\" She smiled again and shrugged. \"It's OK. You gonna be OK getting a cab?\" He nodded, slipping his arm free of hers and only missing her warmth slightly. She wrapped her arms around herself and bit her lip, rocking on her heels a little. \"Yeah, I'll be fine, thanks. You should get back inside. It's pretty cold out tonight, wouldn't want my saviour catching a chill.\" He grinned wryly. She chuckled and shook her head. \"I will, in a minute. I just want to...\" She trailed off, staring up in to the night sky. There were hardly any stars to be seen. She sighed and turned to him, smiling only slightly sadly. \"Can't always get what we want, huh?\" She shuffled for a moment, before holding her hand out to him. \"Nice to meet you Stuart. Get home safe.\" He laughed and took her hand, giving it a quick shake. \"You too Trish. And thanks, again.\" She smiled at him one last time before heading back inside. 'Yes,' Stuart thought, looking up at the night sky and those hardly visible stars, 'you can't always get what you want.' He couldn't remember the next line of the song, couldn't remember any of it actually, aside from that one line. Suddenly all he wanted to do was go home and go to sleep. And really, he deserved it. It had been a long week. Some 125 years earlier, Lady Katherine Mountbatten, Duchess of Albany, turned to her husband and said \"Leopold, darling, what're these notes doing here?\" A/N: What is this? I don't know. It was a fic idea that I had that took on way more than it was originally going to. I guess it'll go somewhere eventually. Basically, I just want Stuart to have a nice time in this fic, because he had a lousy time in the movie and was left without a clear-cut happy ending (Charlie didn't get one either, but he got Patrice, so…) and I kinda wanted to fix that while also exploring what would happen next for the characters. In the next chapter, Stuart goes to the library, Charlie realises what it means now his sister is gone, and Leopold and Kate come to an agreement. Reviews are highly appreciated.[Chapter 2] They were sat quite contentedly in Leopold's study when Kate found the notes. A big wodge of papers stuffed haphazardly in one of the drawers in his desk, the detailed notes were almost indecipherable had it not been for the drawings crammed in next to them. Kate recognised them instantly, she'd seen them plenty of times over her last four years. \"Leopold, darling, what're these notes doing here?\" Leopold looked up from the model of what would eventually become the elevator and started when he saw the papers. \"Oh! Yes, I had completely forgotten about those, what with all the excitement of your appearance and the wedding. Stuart gave them to me, in case I should ever need or desire to return to the future, although he did expressly tell me not to come back until I had finished with my invention.\" Kate blanched for a minute, completely stunned. She'd been there, in the past, for almost three months and Leopold hadn't mentioned these notes once. For months, she had struggled, knowing she would never see her brother or her dad or her friends again (God, she would have killed to see Charlie again, sometimes late at night she would wake up, feeling like her very soul was aching because she missed her brother that much). And it had only gotten worse since she'd realised her new position in this society. Women had basically no rights, she couldn't vote, she couldn't walk anywhere 'unattended', she couldn't even wear pants. She'd mentioned this to Leopold a few times, and while he sympathised (and he did truly sympathise, Leopold was not one for lying), he didn't really understand what she meant. He'd always lived in a world where women were lesser, and while he himself didn't necessarily subscribe to that theory, it didn't mean he was fighting for any advancement on their behalves either. She sometimes wondered if he'd have stayed in the 21st century if she'd asked him to, but never dwelled on it for too long because it wasn't a fair question to ask. Asking Leopold to stay would've been asking him to unravel the very fabric of time for her, at least according to Stuart, and his theories had been pretty accurate regarding everything else. Besides, he would've agreed anyway. Kate knew that. She knew that from the moment she saw him staring at her at his uncle's ball. Leopold would go to the very ends of the earth for her, would die for her without a single complaint, would give up everything for her without a second thought. A little thing like unravelling the space-time continuum wouldn't even phase him when it came to Kate. And she would do the same for him. Had done, in fact. Despite all that, despite knowing that Leopold was her one and only, Kate found herself suddenly and irrationally furious with him. She slammed the papers down on his desk, and he jumped, staring up at her with wide eyes. \"I cannot believe you!\" She snarled, cold fury twisting her features in to something unpleasant. \"You've known, from the minute I got here, that I missed 2001, that I missed my brother and my Dad, and God, even Stuart, and you just had these notes up here the entire time! I could've gone back and said a real goodbye to them ten times over by now Leopold!\" She jumped to her feet and began pacing the length of the room, Leopold watching her warily from his seat beside his working model. \"I mean, I miss them so much, sometimes so much that I want to go back, did you know that?\" He shook his head, mouth turning downwards even further. At that, the clear sign that he was upset, Kate found herself deflating slightly, but not completely. Before all of the anger was gone, she found herself saying one last horrid thing. \"Sometimes I hate it here so much that I think about climbing back up that bridge and throwing myself off, just on the off chance that I might get back!\" Leopold stood so quickly that his chair toppled over backwards. He strode over to his wife and pulled her to his chest, pressing his lips to the crown of her head. \"Kate,\" He said against her scalp, \"My Kate, oh my lovely Kate, I had no idea-\" He cut himself off and Kate realised he was shaking. She wrapped her arms around him and held him tight as they both stood there, unsure of what to say next. \"Leopold, I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking, I was angry, I didn't-\" \"You did.\" She pulled away from her husband so she could look him in the eye. He was looking down at her, face serious, grave almost, watching her intently. \"Kate, I believe I know you better than I have ever known anyone, perhaps even than I know myself, and I know that when you say things in anger, you are saying what you truly believe. To know that you have been considering such extremes…Kate, that terrifies me.\" Kate reached up and pressed her palm to his cheek and Leopold turned to press a kiss to it. \"If I were to lose you, I don't know what I would do. You are the very centre of my universe.\" With her spare hand Kate brushed away the tears that had started running down her cheeks as she took a shuddering breath in. \"I know Leopold. You mean more to me than anything, I adore you, and I didn't mean to upset or frighten you, I'm just-\" she paused, searching for the right word. \"Frustrated, I guess. This life is so different from what I was used to, and I know I should have expected that, but the expectations and the reality don't exactly match up, y'know?\" He nodded slowly, watching her. Sniffling, she carried on. \"You don't have to worry. I'm not gonna throw myself off the Brooklyn Bridge.\" Managing a small smile, she pressed a light kiss to his lips. \"I appreciate the reassurance Kate, but it does nothing to assuage my fears.\" He paused, taking in a deep breath and leading Kate back to her chair. It was a big, blue over-stuffed affair, clearly built for comfort rather than practicality and Kate loved it more than she had ever loved any of her ex-boyfriends. She settled herself in it, adjusting her skirts while Leopold brought his chair over so they could sit knee-to-knee. \"Kate, I am truly sorry. I didn't realise how terribly you missed Charles and your father. If I had, I would have tried to help. Although, I really did forget about Stuart's notes Kate, I wouldn't omit something so important to you on purpose. I was just so delighted that you were here and that we were married, I'm afraid I ended up being rather self-centred. Can you ever forgive me?\" Smiling, Kate reached across and took his hands in hers. \"Of course I can. Can you forgive me?\" \"I already have.\" They smiled at one another for a moment, before Leopold's face grew serious again. \"Kate, do you ever wish you hadn't come here? That we had gone our separate ways and you still lived in the future with your family and Stuart?\" Leopold, for some reason, had decided that Stuart was practically Kate's family, and thus he was included in every single conversation the pair ever had on the subject. Kate shook her head. \"No. Leopold, I love you more than,\" she paused, searching for an analogy that he'd understand, racking her brains for anything that he'd know, \"more than Orpheus loved Eurydice, y'know?\" She knew he knew that one. They'd been to see an Opera on the subject just last week. He chuckled. \"You would face the God of Death for me?\" \"Leopold, I would fight the God of Death in a Denny's parking lot for you.\" Leopold sort of lost the analogy about half way through the last sentence, but he understood the sentiment and grinned widely. \"As would I for you, my love. And if you wish to return to the future, I shan't stop you. I would rather live a life of misery knowing you were happy, rather than live a day of happiness knowing you were miserable.\" Kate rolled her eyes. \"OK, Mr Melodramatic, take it down a couple of notches. I'm not leaving you to go back to the future,\" she paused to giggle to herself at the thought of that, Kate Mcfly and Doc Mountbatten, \"I just want to go back for a few days, settle my affairs as it were. Do you think you'd be up for that?\" The grin she got in return was answer enough. \"So it's official then. The Mountbatten-McKays are taking a vacation to the future.\" She laughed, leaning forward to kiss her husband. Charlie woke up at 11am on a couch in an apartment he didn't recognise. Sitting up, he came to the conclusion that the world was, in fact, spinning the wrong way so he lay back down again. Someone was cooking something, but he wished they'd stop. The smell was making him- \"HURK!\" He leant over the side of the couch and vomited in to a strategically placed plastic waste basket. He wondered for a minute if Kate had something to do with that, until he remembered. Kate wasn't there anymore. He groaned as all the worries that he'd had the previous night came flooding back to him. Kate and Leopold were meant for each other. He had absolutely no doubt about that, they were like the couples from those romantic novels that Kate's P.A. read all the time, except more believable. Like Romeo and Juliet, except they were in their thirties and no one had to die. Either way, they were meant to be, Charlie was sure of it. And he was delighted for them, really he was. But his sister running off in to the past had created a few problems for him. For one thing, one very selfish thing, Charlie would admit, where was he supposed to live now? Kate paid most of the bills in the apartment, and most of the rent too, and Charlie's acting gigs were few and far between right now, there was no way he'd be able to keep that apartment afloat on his own. And then, there was the matter of what to tell their dad. Frank McKay had been a mess since his wife had died six years ago, and Kate was the apple of his eye. If he thought, as Charlie was sure many people would, that she'd committed suicide, he didn't know what his dad would do. Charlie would have to come up with something good quickly to stop his dad from doing anything drastic. Plus there was the whole 'police' thing. A police officer had seen he and Stuart telling Kate to jump. If they were ever found, they would likely be charged with…something. Charlie wasn't sure what. Maybe manslaughter? And that would not be good. He was already worrying that Stuart might get found and thrown back in the loony bin, but getting charged with manslaughter? That was an entirely different kettle of fish. You couldn't get out of charges of manslaughter by just not talking about time travel (Yes Stuart, it literally would've been that easy), with manslaughter you went to prison. And Charlie really, truly believed he was way too cute for prison. \"Goddamn.\" He muttered, sitting up very slowly. \"Goddamn it Kate.\" He could practically hear her voice making some smart-aleck reply, and that was when the really, really awful thought crept back in to Charlie's head. His sister was gone. She was dead. She had died in 1922, eighty years earlier. He would never see her again, or hear her voice again, or sit with her on an early Saturday morning and eat stupid sugary cereal while she bitched about how bad it was for him. He could visit his sister's grave. A few minutes later, Patrice walked in to her sitting room and found Charlie McKay, sat on the floor, hugging her waste paper basket to his chest, staring at the wall. Meanwhile, as Charlie began to have a breakdown in his new girlfriend's apartment, Stuart was on his way to the library. More specifically, to the New York Public Library, which had the best local history section that he had access to. Realistically, Stuart could have just done more research on Google, but he'd honestly always preferred book research. He found it relaxing. He had no idea why, and Kate had always thought it was a little crazy, but Stuart didn't care. He enjoyed it. His cab pulled up outside the building and he paid the fare before climbing out, not without some difficulty thanks to his bad leg. He cursed Leopold and elevators and just his life in general when he saw how many stairs he had to climb to reach his destination. \"Why can't anything ever be on the ground? Not under it, not above it, just on it.\" He muttered to himself as he made his way to the stairs. At the bottom of them, he stared up at the doors and sighed. He got the feeling this was going to be a long research trip. A/N: Yeah, so Kate's got issues, Charlie's got issues, Stuart has significantly less serious issues revolving around stairs…From this point on assume that everyone in this fic has issues (except maybe Leopold, but I'm sure we can find something for him too), and they're all going to try and resolve them. Poor Kate though…Slight sidenote, I will forever maintain that 'I would fight the God of Death in a Denny's Parking Lot for you' is the best piece of dialogue I have ever written. Next Chapter: Stuart makes it to the library and does some research. The Author makes up what happens to Kate and how it affects History ™. Charlie and Stuart make arrangements.[Chapter 3] It took Stuart a good half hour to get up the stairs and up to the section he needed, and even then he wasn't entirely sure what he was looking for. So after a few minutes of flailing and grabbing any book that seemed like it might be relevant to his quest, Stuart headed over to a table and took a seat. Picking up the first book, A Cultural History of New York, he flipped to the index and started looking for anything relating to the Mountbattens. There was, surprisingly, a small list beneath the name: Mountbatten, Fredrick 181, 205, 304-306. Mountbatten, Kate 34, 56-57, 181, 205, 304-305 Mountbatten, Leopold 34, 56-57, 138, 181, 205, 304-306. \"Oh good God, what did they do?\" He muttered, flipping to page 56. There the book discussed the pair's intense and very public relationship, which was thought to have inspired several books and even an opera (allegedly, at least), and was categorised (by the author at least) as 'New York's most famous real-life romance'. Stuart groaned and threw the book down in disgust. He was happy for them, but he didn't exactly want to read about how perfect and awe-inspiring Kate's love-life was. In fact, he would like to go the rest of his life without ever hearing about how Kate and Leopold were practically soulmates again. He sighed and flicked to the next page that mentioned them. This one was far more interesting. 'Lady Katherine Mountbatten' it read 'is credited as being the woman to coin the term 'Feminist', and indeed began the movement that has evolved in to the Feminism that many recognise today. A champion of Women's Suffrage, the Duchess of Albany encouraged and petitioned for equal marriage laws, especially in regards to interracial marriage and divorce laws. She also fought for higher wages for lower class workers and vocally supported sex workers and the improvement of their working conditions. Her husband was quieter on the subjects but always expressed his support for them when questioned. In one letter to a personal friend, written shortly after Mountbatten wrote \"Though you may not agree with my wife's views, and I understand why, as to many they seem radical, but I cannot help but think they are the way of the future. After all, is it not true that the belief that the world was spherical was once considered to be radical? Now it is a commonly accepted fact. I consider my dearest Kate's beliefs to be much in the same vein. I do not think that seeking the betterment of others conditions should be considered radical in any matter.\"' \"Holy crap.\" Stuart breathed, putting the book down again. He should've known Kate would've found something to occupy herself, he just hadn't expected her to become a champion of women's rights. For God's sake, Kate had never even shown any inclination towards Feminism in the present. He was only half-surprised that Leopold agreed with her, really. He'd adapted to the modern world amazingly well, considering he'd only been there for less than a week, so it wasn't exactly shocking that he was willing to accept his wife's modern ideals. He glanced back at the open pages of the book, and pinched the bridge of his nose. Only Kate. Only Kate would go back to the 19th Century and become a Feminist icon. \"Jesus Christ.\" He pulled out his journal and made a few quick notes to relay to Charlie later, although he made sure to copy down Leopold's letter exactly, but only because he suspected that Charlie was worrying about his sister's fledgling relationship and how it had fared. It'd do him good to see that Leopold had supported Kate in all her endeavours, no matter how odd they'd seemed to him. He read a little more of that book, learning of how, after Leopold had patented the lifting cars, the pair of them had gone on to become patrons of theatres and libraries all over the city, as well as the New York University, making the odd note here and there before he moved on to the next book. Really, they all said more or less the same thing: Kate and Leopold were madly in love and madly progressive, to the point of being anachronistic (Goddammit Kate). Kate was a champion of Women's Rights and a strong promoter of civil rights, while Leopold was her staunch, silent supporter. By the end of the third book, Stuart had realised he wasn't going to get much more than that. He was just considering giving up when someone set a large pile of books down by his elbow. Startled, he turned and found himself face to face with a vaguely familiar pair of bespectacled brown eyes. \"Hi.\" The woman from last night, Trixie or Tracy or something like that, was looking down at him, eyebrows raised. \"Hello.\" There was a pregnant pause as they looked between each other and their piles of books. \"Can I…Help you with something?\" She rolled her eyes and pulled out the seat beside him. \"If you're reading up on local history, these books,\" she gestured to the pile she had set down beside him, \"would be better than those.\" Stuart's brows furrowed as he grabbed the book at the very top, 'A General History of New York'. \"What makes you think I'm researching local history?\" \"Aside from the fact all those books are from the local history section, you mean?\" She shrugged, hands burying in to her pockets as she grinned lopsidedly. Trish, Stuart suddenly remembered, that was her name. The woman with the contagious smile. \"Just a guess. Am I right?\" He shrugged, smiling slightly. \"I suppose you're not wrong. I'm researching some wealthy benefactors of a local University. Some old, rich Duke you've probably never heard of.\" Trish snorted, crossing her arms and leaning back in her chair. \"Third Duke of Albany, by any chance?\" Stuart all but blanched, staring at her, mouth hanging open in shock. \"Yeah, I know about him, and his wife.\" Stuart spluttered unintelligently for a moment before he managed a little \"What?\" Trish laughed, reaching across and plucking 'A Cultural History of New York' from his discarded pile of books. She waved it in his face for a moment. \"You think you're the only one that's read this? I have a copy at home. Signed and everything.\" \"So you know local history, then?\" \"You could say that.\" She had an expression on her face that was daring him to ask her more. And Stuart found he couldn't resist taking the bait. \"And?\" She grinned widely and wiggled in her chair as though she was especially pleased with herself. \"And I did my dissertation on the building of the Brooklyn Bridge and the effects it had on the daily life of the lower classes in New York. I did my Master's thesis on the advancement of New York in to a centre of culture and I am currently doing my PhD thesis on Katherine Mountbatten and how her efforts regarding the advancement of women's rights affected the overall fight for women's suffrage in the late 18th century.\" Stuart got the distinct feeling that she was dumbing those subjects down for him and he still felt just a little lost, staring at her like she was speaking Arabic. She sat back and watched him expectantly, hands folded neatly in front of her on the table. \"I wasn't expecting that.\" Stuart managed finally, laughing a little. Trish smiled a little knowing smile, as though she got that kind of thing a lot, and shrugged. \"Yeah, I guessed that too.\" She looked down, eyes flicking over the titles of the books on the desk. \"You know, none of these books have a whole lot of useful information about the Mountbattens. If you wanted something more specialised I could give you a few titles to look out for.\" He thought about it for a minute, before asking \"What're the chances I'd be able to find those books in a library?\" Trish's little smile disappeared, her lips turning downwards in a half-frown as she thought on it. \"Slim, probably. I take it you're not invested enough to actually buy them, then?\" Stuart shook his head, his nose wrinkling in disgust at the idea. \"I only want a little information on them. I'm not concerned enough to actually spend money on academic works. That stuff's expensive.\" Looking thoughtful, Trish flipped through the book in front of her absent-mindedly. \"It sure is. What did you study?\" Stuart picked up one of the books from the pile Trish had brought over with her and opened it to the index, checking for Leopold and Kate's names. \"Physics as a major, with a minor in Applied Mathematics when I was an undergrad, and Quantum Mechanics as a Master's. Never got my PhD, didn't have the money. Might go back and do it in the next few years though.\" She nodded, still flipping through the pages of that book. Neither of them speak for a few minutes as they look at their respective books, and Trish drew out a leather-bound notebook that she started scribbling in. Just as Stuart was considering leaving, she spoke up again, without looking at him. \"I could lend you a few books if you wanted. The ones I don't need right now, I mean. If you're invested enough to want to read them.\" She steadily did not look Stuart in the eye as he studied her profile. She was blushing, he noticed, purposefully averting her eyes. It took a moment for him to realise what she was actually proposing. \"And, if I did want these…books, how would I get them, exactly?\" There was a slight pause as Trish turned to face him, chewing slowly at her lower lip. They stared at each other for a moment, before Stuart, feeling his cheeks start to burn, turned away, back to the book in his lap. \"I thought maybe we, we could meet for coffee and I could give you a few of my notes on them, if you wanted.\" She said eventually. \"You'd pay obviously, because I saved your face and your research in the space of two days.\" That broke the little aura of embarrassment that was surrounding them both, and Stuart let out a bark of laughter, that earned him a few annoyed looks from the people that were dotted around them. He ignored them in favour of smiling widely at Trish. \"I think I'd like that.\" \"Great, that's really…great.\" She laughed a little self-consciously, tucking a stray strand of dark hair behind her left ear. Most of it was tied back in a loose bun, with a few other stray pieces framing her face. It was a good look for her, very cute-librarian-esque. Again, they fell silent, before Stuart decided to take a leap of faith. \"How 'bout we get a coffee now? And we can talk a little about your notes?\" Trish looked up at him, biting the left corner of her lower lip before smiling gently. \"You know, I think that'd be great.\" They went to a Starbucks a couple of minutes' walk down the street and found a table at the very back with two plush armchairs. Seeing as how it was the middle of the day on a Tuesday, the cafe wasn't massively crowded, with most people getting drinks to go. Since Stuart was apparently paying for their second coffee date, Trish insisted on paying for this one. \"My hero.\" Stuart offered dryly when she drew out her purse to pay the bored looking barista. Trish just rolled her eyes, handing over ten dollars to the guy. She dumped the change she got back straight in to the tip jar. They went to their table and waited for their names to be called. \"I wouldn't have pegged you for a latte type of guy, y'know.\" Said Trish as she took off her jacket, an old, cracked leather thing that looked like it had been grabbed from a bargain bin at a thrift store. Stuart chuckled, shrugging out of his own coat, wincing only slightly at the twinge in his elbow as he did so. \"Oh yeah? What would you've pegged me for then?\" \"Espresso. Or black coffee at the very least. Maybe a cappuccino if you were in the right mood.\" He huffed out a laugh, and leant forward on to his crossed arms. \"And what would the right mood be, exactly?\" She grinned then, leaning forward conspiratorially, so close that their noses nearly touched. \"You tell me Stuart.\" He wondered for a brief moment if it would be too forward to kiss her right then and there, but was immediately prevented from doing so by the barista calling her name. She leaned back, cheeks flushed and looked at him in a way that he didn't quite understand. \"I'll be right back.\" She called over her shoulder as she headed over to collect their drinks. He watched her walk away, feeling only a little validated at the sight of her very nice ass. Today was shaping up to be the best Stuart had had in a while. Of course, it was at that point that Charlie McKay decided to ruin everything . Apparently, it was a family trait. Stuart's phone rang, blaring out some annoying song that he didn't even recognise or remember downloading, Charlie's name flashing up on the screen. Sighing, Stuart answered the call, mentally cursing the entire McKay family (OK, maybe not Mr McKay, he was alright, as far as over-protective fathers went). \"Whattaya want Charlie?\" \"Where the Hell did you go last night Stu? Me and Patrice looked all over for ya, I was beginning to think you'd gone and jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge yourself!\" \"And yet, this is the first time you've called me.\" \"Don't get snippy with me Stuart, I was very worried, and also very drunk and I spent most of the morning throwing up in to Patrice's toilet, so I am in no mood right now, OK?\" \"Yeah, fine, I went home. I was bored and in pain and you were busy making out. I didn't think you'd miss me all that much.\" He paused for a moment, exhaling heavily through his nose. Glancing over, he noticed Trish laughing with the barista and smiled slightly. Then he sighed again. \"Look, Charlie, I'm sorry if I worried you, I didn't mean to, OK?\" Down the phone Charlie sighed. \"Yeah, OK. Just don't scare me like that again, Jesus Christ, Stu. Where the hell are you anyway? I've just been to your place and you weren't there. Bart peed in the kitchen by the way.\" Resisting the strong temptation to bash his head in to a nearby wall, Stuart growled. \"Did you clean it up?\" \"No way man, that's your dog and your apartment, so it's your problem.\" \"Currently Charlie, you are my problem.\" \"C'mon Stewie, you don't mean that.\" Stuart looked over to where Trish was stood, making light conversation with the barista. She caught his eye and motioned for him to keep talking. God, he was being so rude. \"Trust me Charlie, yes, you are.\" \"Whatever. Where are you Stuart?\" \"I'm in the Starbucks near the Public Library.\" \"Wait, the one that's like a two minute walk from it? Holy crap, I'm right by that, I'll come in now, see you in a sec!\" \"No, Charlie, don't! I'm on a-\" It was too late, Charlie had already hung up. Stuart stuffed his phone back in to his pocket, cursing under his breath all the while. \"Is everything OK?\" Trish was placing his latte down, looking at him with worried eyes. \"No, my friend's on his way, he's decided to join us for a coffee. Sorry.\" Looking mildly surprised, although not as angry as Stuart might have expected, Trish sat back in her chair, and took a long slurp from her frozen frappe thing. \"It's OK. I don't mind.\" She said eventually. \"But just so you know, as revenge, I'm bringing my mother with us next time we get coffee.\" Stuart nodded. \"That seems fair.\" They grinned at one another again and Stuart was definitely 100% about to ask for her number when Charlie appeared. \"Hey Stu!\" He chirped, grinning more cheerfully than anyone with a hangover ever had the right to do. At least until he noticed Trish, quickly glancing between them for a moment before the cheerfulness was gone, replaced by a cunning knowingness that Stuart didn't like at all. \"And who might this lovely lady be?\" Stuart sighed, immediately knowing that Charlie was going to make him miserable about this for potentially the next week or so. \"Charlie, this is Trish, she's helping me with a research project. Trish, this is Charlie, he's-\" \"I'm his roommate.\" Charlie cut in, dragging a chair from the nearest table over and plonking himself down in it. Stuart stared at him, mouth hanging open just a bit at that proclamation. \"My wha-\" \"Yeah, I only moved in recently, which is probably why you haven't heard about me, right Stuart?\" Stuart couldn't quite work out whether it was fury or bewilderment that was stopping him from saying anything, but it didn't matter because Charlie was ploughing merrily ahead with whatever he thought he was doing. \"So a lady-scientist huh? I hear those are pretty rare.\" \"I'm not a scientist. I'm a historian.\" Trish offered before taking another slurp of her iced coffee slushy. Charlie looked confused, his mouth pressing in to a thin line and his brows furrowing and Trish must have noticed because she elaborated a second later. \"Stuart's doing a personal project on the Mountbatten's, and he needed a little help. Hence, me.\" She directed a sweet smile at Stuart when she said that, but he was still too busy frothing at the mouth about Charlie's declaration to return it. Charlie laughed then, and Stuart knew, in that moment, right before Charlie spoke his next words, that he was going to have to throttle the other man as soon as Trish was gone. \"So this is like a date between the History nerd and the time travel mystery nerd?\" Both Stuart and Trish stared at Charlie like he was insane as he laughed at his little rhyme. 'Yeah, laugh it up Charlie.' Stuart thought bitterly. 'We'll see who's laughing when I let Bart pee on everything you love.' \"The time-travel mystery nerd? What's that supposed to mean?\" Trish looked between them expectantly, eyebrows raised. Charlie looked to Stuart who simply glared and shook his head very slowly in returned. \"Uh, Stuart?\" Sighing, Stuart tried his best to not sound crazy as he explained Charlie's odd choice of nickname. \"It's a…theory I've been working on. I think time travel could be possible, and Charlie is just delighted\" he may or may not have snarled the word 'delighted' but at the time it had seemed appropriate \"about that.\" \"Well, it's a cool theory. Stuart'll probably tell you about it next time you go out. I mean, you are gonna go out with him again, aren'tcha?\" Trish blinked, clearly taken aback by that and stuttered something out, a flush rising to her cheeks again. \"W-well, we were making plans to meet so I could give him some books, but we hadn-\" \"Great!\" Charlie grinned. \"How's Thursday at 4 for you, is that good?\" Trish looked to Stuart for guidance, but when she only received a confused headshake and vague hand gestures in response, she nodded. \"Great, Stuart'll meet you here, then. Until then, we gotta go, but it was nice meeting you!\" Charlie grabbed Stuart's arm and pulled him to his feet, not nearly mindful enough of his shattered kneecap, and shooed him out the coffee shop, leaving Stuart's half-drunk latte and a very confused Trish in their wake. As soon as they were out of the door, Charlie's cheerful grin melted away and he turned to Stuart. \"I'm moving in with you.\" He declared with an air of certainty that, when Kate had used it, meant that there were to be no arguments, it was that way or the highway. \"No, you are not.\" \"Oh yes I am. I can't afford Kate's apartment by myself, and I am not moving back in with my dad! I mean, I'm nearly 30, do you know how pathetic that would look?!\" Stuart glared at him steadily, lips drawn back in a half-formed snarl. \"About as pathetic as a 30 year old man not being able to afford his own apartment?\" He suggested, hoping to get a rise. If he got a rise out of Charlie, it might give him an excuse to punch him, which Stuart sorely wanted to do right about now. \"Look man, you are my best friend right now, and I have nowhere else to go. Please.\" Stuart actually took pause there, because Charlie looked so frighteningly earnest. It was then that he remembered that Charlie had basically just lost his sister too. He sighed in defeat, but Charlie didn't notice because he was still talking. \"And think of it this way, Stewie, if the police come knocking we're gonna need alibis. And what if they try to put you back in the loony bin? You're gonna need someone to vouch for you. That could be me! Plus-\" \"Jesus, fine! You can live with me, just shut up!\" The cry earned him a few stares from people passing by, but at that point, Stuart no longer gave a crap. \"C'mon, let's head home, we can set up some ground rules there.\" Charlie's cheerful grin reappeared and he reached forward and pulled Stuart in to a hug. \"Ugh, get off me Charlie.\" \"Just a minute longer.\" \"Charlie!\" With only minor hesitation, Charlie released Stuart from his grip, although he was still grinning like a nutjob. \"Quit smiling like that, you're freaking me out.\" \"I can't help it, I'm just so stoked!\" Stuart pinched the bridge of his nose, suddenly feeling unduly exhausted. \"OK, ground rule number one: You are 100 per cent banned from ever using the word stoked again.\" A/N: In this chapter Stuart is hopeless and awkward and desperate for love, and those traits just happen to turn Trish on. Charlie is super lucky that Stuart didn't actually kill him, but that would make for a completely different kind of fic I suppose. Guys, not to be crass, but I am a total slut for feedback. Even if it's only 'OMG can't wait for the next chapter!' I will be 3000x more likely to write that chapter that very evening. Please folks, comments keep my morale high, come and yell at me about this fic, I am awaiting it with open arms, eyes, ears, whatever. So anyway, that having been said, in the next chapter, we catch up with Leopold and Kate and see what they've been up to and Stuart and Charlie start to actually adapt to living with each other. And maybe Stuart goes on a date, I haven't decided yet. ","Summary":" Charlie insisted that they go out and celebrate after they found Kate (or should Stuart say Lady Ka"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Die Buchhändlerin von Sussex","Author":"Celebne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2043165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: EinigenFiguren in dieser Story gehören den Drehbuchautoren des Filmesn„Kate und Leopold\". Ich leihe mir diese Figuren nur aus und gebensie unbeschadet wieder zurück. Die Buchhändlerinnvon Sussex Kapitel 1 Die Buchhändlerinnaus Sussex Mary Cavendish sahnbesorgt aus dem Fenster: ein Schneesturm wütete über demnkleinen Städtchen Icklesham in Ost-Sussex. Sie konnte sich nichtnerinnern, jemals in ihren 24 Lebensjahren einen derart strengennWinter in England erlebt zu haben. Wahrscheinlich würde heutenwieder Niemand ein Buch bei ihr kaufen. Seufzend raffte sie ihrenRöcke und legte ein dickes Holzscheit in den Kachelhofen. Vor 2nJahren waren ihre Eltern und 2 Schwestern am Typhus gestorben. Jetztnwar nur noch sie da und musste für Peter und Jonathan, ihre 2nkleinen Brüder, sorgen. Die Buchhandlung hatten Mary und ihrenBrüder von ihrem Vater geerbt.Früher war der Laden gutngelaufen und die Cavendish hatten ein angenehmes Leben in derngehobenen Mittelklasse geführt. Doch seit sie den Laden hatte,nblieben viele Kunden aus. Es galt eben nicht als fein, wenn man sichnvon einer Frau beim Kauf eines Buches beraten lassen oder gar bei ihrnkaufen musste. Mary wusste, dass die Leute in Icklesham hinter ihremnRücken über sie tuschelten. Aber sie war nun mal jetzt dasnFamilienoberhaupt der Cavendish und musste ihre Brüder, die 8nund 10 Jahre alt waren, durchbringen. Noch reichte das Geld, um dienKnaben auf eine angemessene Schule zu schicken und eine Haushälterinnzu beschäftigen. Doch wenn sich nichtnbald das Wetter besserte, musste sie Schulden machen, und am Endenvielleicht sogar den Laden verkaufen. Was dannach kam, wollte sichnMary lieber nicht ausmalen. Plötzlich klopfte es heftig an ihrenLadentür. Mary schrak zusammen. „Miss Mary, machen Sie schnellnauf!\" Mary kannte die Stimme: es war Benjamin Hensley, der Metzgernvon Icklesham. Ein großer grobschlächtiger Mann, der schonnseit einiger Zeit um sie warb. Mary machte die Tür auf undnerschrak: Benjamin Hensley schleppte einen Mann herein, dernoffensichtlich einen Unfall gehabt hatte. Der junge Mann blutete annder Schläfe und war halb bewusstlos. „Legen Sie ihn auf dasnSofa dort drüben!\", befahl Mary , die schnell ihre Fassungnwiedergefunden hatte. „Sein Schimmel scheute vor meinem bellendennKettenhund\", erzählte Ben zerknirscht. „Ich sah ihnnherabstürzen\". „Warum haben Sie ihn nicht zu Dr. Gibsonngebracht?\", fragte Mary erstaunt und tupfte das Blut von dernSchläfe des Verletzten. „Dr. Gibson macht Krankenbesuche aufndem Land\", berichtete Ben und blies in seine kältestarrennHände. Mary legte dem Fremden einen provisorischen Kopfverbandnaus einem frischgewaschenen Leintuch an. Ben trat unruhig von einemnFuß auf den anderen. „Ich muß zurück in dienMetzgerei, wenn noch was ist, dann kommen Sie ruhig rüber\".n„Danke\", nickte Mary ihm freundlich zu.\"Aber ich denke, dassnich zurechtkommen werde\". Ben ging. Marynbetrachtete neugierig den benommenen Fremden. Er war hochgewachsen,nstattlich und gut gekleidet. Außerdem sah er sehr attraktivnaus. Jetzt kam er langsam zu sich. Mary entdeckte den Siegelring, dern er am kleinen Finger der linken Hand trug. Nanu, war er etwa einnMitglied der Herzogfamilie, der Mountbattens? „Wo bin ich ?\",nfragte der Verletzte stöhnend. „ Sie sind in meinernBuchhandlung\", erklärte Mary lächelnd. „Ich bin MarynCavendish, die Besitzerin\". „So?\", machte der junge Mann fastnetwas herablassend. Mary hatte den arroganten Unterton nichtnüberhört. „Ihnen scheint es ja schon besser zu gehen\",nbemerkte sie kühl. „Wollen Sie Tee?\" „Gerne\", meintener freundlicher. Er versuchte aufzustehen. Doch die Schmerzen ließennes nicht zu. „Ich sollte mich höflicherweise auch vorstellen.nIch bin Leopold, der Duke of Albany\", ächzte er. Mary ließnvor Schreck fast die Teekanne fallen. „Der H-Herzog selbst?\"„Ja,nich bin es selbst\", bestätigte Leopold etwas verbittert. Marynmachte einen tiefen Knicks. „Ich muß mich für meinenUnhöflichkeit entschuldigen, Euere königliche Hoheit\".n„Ich bitte Sie, Miss Cavendish\", meinte Leopold lächelnd.n„Sie konnten ja nicht ahnen, wer ich bin\". Mary senkte den Blicknund errötete. Sie konnte kaum verbergen, wie anziehend sie dennjungen Herzog fand. Sie klapperte nervös mit dem Teegeschirrnherum und merkte, wie Leopold sie dabei beobachtete. Auch er hattenGefallen an Mary gefunden. Sie war ein hübsches, blondesnMädchen. Ihre etwas burschikose Art beeindruckte ihn. „Warumnführen Sie diesen Laden, Miss Cavendish?\", fragte ernneugierig. „Ich weiß, es ziemt sich für eine Dame nicht,neinen Männerberuf auszuüben\", begann Mary seufzend, dochndann erzählte sie Leopold, während sie Tee miteinanderntranken, was ihrer Familie für ein harter Schicksalsschlagnzugestoßen war. Ich bewundere Sienaufrichtig, Mary\", erwiderte Leopold ergriffen. „Ich darf Siendoch Mary nennen, oder?\" „ Natürlich, königlichenHoheit, wenn Sie es wünschen\", sagte Mary schüchtern.n„Nennen Sie mich bitte Leopold\", bat er. „Ich hasse diesenganzen Titel. Ich bin zwar als Herzog geboren, aber ich fühlenmich nicht so\". Sein Blick wurde plötzlich düster undnnachdenklich. Draußen ließ der Schneesturm endlich nach.n Leopold ging es auch besser. „Ich muß nach meinem Pferdnsehen und dann schleunigst nach Aston Hall zurück\", sagte ernbesorgt. „Man wird sich schon Sorgen um mich machen\". „AstonnHall?\", fragte Mary erstaunt. „Sie wohnen in diesem wunderschönennWasserschloß? Ich habe Gemälde davon gesehen und kürzlichnsogar eine Photographie. Leider war ich selbst noch nie dort\".n„Vielleicht können Sie mich ja dort irgendwann besuchen\",nmeinte Leopold lächelnd. Er schlüpfte in seinennpelzbesetzten Mantel. Draußen hielt eine Kutsche vor dernBuchhandlung. „Das ist bestimmt Otis\", freute sich Leopold. „Ernhat mich wohl schon gesucht\". Ein älterer Herr betrat mitnbesorgter Miene die Buchhandlung. „Mylord , wir haben schon dasnSchlimmste befürchtet, als Ihr Schimmel alleine zum Schloßnzurücktrabte. Um Himmels willen, was haben Sie denn am Kopf?\"n„Halb so wild, Otis\", beruhigte Leopold den Kammerdiener. „Wirnmüssen sofort nach dem Leibarzt schicken lassen\", fuhr Otisnkreidebleich fort. „Am besten , wir kehren erst mal auf das Schloßnzurück\", meinte Leopold gelassen. Er wandte sich an Mary. „Ichndanke Ihnen aufrichtig für Ihre Hilfe und die köstlichenVerpflegung\". Er verneigte sich leicht und gab Mary einen Handkuß.nMary lief es heiß und kalt über den Rücken, als sienzum Abschied in Leopolds braune Augen blickte. Sie hatte sich nrettungslos in den Duke of Albany verliebt. Wehmütig sah siender Kutsche nach, die durch das verschneite Städtchen davonfuhr.nWahrscheinlich würde sie Leopold nie wieder sehen. Sie war nurneine einfache Bürgerin und er war von königlichem Geblüt.nEine Verbindung mit ihm war praktisch ausgeschlossen. „Schlag ihnndir aus dem Kopf, dummes Ding!\", schalt Mary sich selbst.[Chapter 2] Hallo AlexW ! Ichndanke dir für dein Review. Der Film „Kate und Leopold\"wirdnim Herbst als Free-TV-Premiere im Fernsehen laufen. Das genauenSendedatum weiß ich aber noch nicht. Aber wenn diese Geschichtenhier dich anspricht, dann solltest du dir den Film nicht entgehennlassen. Vor allem weil Hugh Jackman als Herzog von Albany eine sehrngute Figur macht. Grins Ich gebe zu, dass ichneinige unglückliche Formulierungen im 1. Kapitel drin habe.nLeider ist das meiner Beta-Readerin auch nicht aufgefallen. Malnsehen, wie dir das nächste Kapitel gefällt.... §§§§§§§§ 2. Kapitel: DernWeihnachtsball Am nächsten Morgenntauchte Benjamin Hensley in ihrem Laden auf. „Ich habe gerade einnDankesschreiben vom Duke of Albany bekommen\", frohlockte er stolz.n„Wußten Sie, Mary, dass wir gestern einem Mitglied dernköniglichen Familie das Leben retteten?\" „Ja, Leopold hatnmir gesagt, wer er ist\", erwiderte Mary genervt. „Leopold\",nwiederholte Ben spöttisch. „Ach, Sie haben sich wohl etwasnintensiver unterhalten. Wenn Sie in Sachen Männer natürlichnso hohe Ansprüche stellen, dann sollte ich besser meine Besuchenbei Ihnen einstellen\". „Das wäre mir sogar recht\", platztenMary wütend heraus. „Ich habe Ihnen schon ein paar Mal gesagt,nBen, dass Sie umsonst um mich werben\". „ Sie sind über 20,nMary\", erwiderte Ben herablassend. „ Schon ziemlich lange imnheiratsfähigen Alter, würde ich sagen. Haben Sie vor, einenalte Jungfer zu werden?\" „Das reicht jetzt, Ben\", sagte Marynmit zitternder Stimme. „Verlassen Sie bitte meinen Laden. Ichnmöchte Sie nie wieder sehen\". „Glauben Sie etwa, den Herzognsehen Sie nochmals wieder?\", rief Ben enttäuscht beimnHinausgehen. Mary wischte sich die Tränen aus dem Gesicht. Wie konnte Ben songemein zu ihr sein? Er war natürlich eifersüchtig, weil sienfür den schönen Herzog schwärmte. Plötzlichnbetrat schon wieder Jemand ihren Laden. Mary rang um Fassung undndrehte sich um. Es war ein etwa 15-jähriger Junge. „Ich binnein Bote von Aston Hall und soll Ihnen diesen Brief überreichen\",nrief er eifrig. Mary gab ihm ein paar Pennies. Dann betrachtete sienstaunend den Brief mit dem Herzog-Siegel. Sie erbrach vorsichtig dasnSiegel und öffnete den Brief. Zitternd zog sie das blütenweißenBüttenpapier heraus. Leopold selbst hatte an sie geschrieben! „Verehrte Mary!\",nschrieb er. „ Ich möchte mich noch einmal herzlich bedankennbei Ihnen für Ihre Hilfeleistung und Bewirtung. Die Zeit mitnIhnen erschien mir kurzweilig wie selten. Ihr anmutiges Wesen undnIhre freundliche Art haben mich zutiefst beeindruckt. Ich würdenmich freuen, wenn Sie am 20. Dezember 1876 zum Weihnachts-Ball nachnAston Hall kommen würden. Ich lade Sie hiermit herzlich ein. Umn8 Uhr abends werden Sie von meinem Kutscher abgeholt. Bitte lassennSie mich wissen, ob Sie kommen werden. Ihr zutiefst verbundenernLeopold\". Mary war einernOhnmacht nahe, als sie den Brief zuende gelesen hatte. Nach AstonnHall zum Weihnachtsball? Das konnte doch nur ein Traum sein. Marynwar so verwirrt und glücklich, dass sie den Laden abschloßnund nach Hause eilte. Sie konnte heute nicht mehr weiterarbeiten.nDaheim durchsuchte sie ihre Kleiderschränke. Hoffentlich fandnsich ein einigermaßen passendes Kleid für den Ball. DienHaushälterin Ruby beobachtete sie dabei argwöhnisch. „Aufnden Ball sind Sie eingeladen worden, Miss Cavendish? Beim Duke ofnAlbany?\" „Ich bitte Sie, Ruby, sagen Sie es keiner Menschenseelenweiter\", sagte Mary schnell und ärgerte sich, dass sie derngeschwätzigen Haushälterin davon erzählt hatte. „Ichnschweige wie ein Grab\", versprach Ruby feierlich. Das sagt dienRichtige, dachte Mary kopfschüttelnd. Peter und Jonathannsahen ihrer großen Schwester staunend zu, wie sie sich fürnden Ball herausputzte. „Wirst du den Herzog heiraten?\", fragtender kleine Peter. Mary lachte und strich ihm über die Wange.n„Der Herzog hat mich nur aus Dankbarkeit eingeladen, weil ich ihmngeholfen habe\". „Naja, ich finde, er könnte dich trotzdemnheiraten\", ergänzte Jonathan ernst. „ Du bist doch hübsch.nDann könnten wir alle im Schloß wohnen. Das wärenbestimmt prächtig\". „Das wird wohl nur ein Wunschtraumnbleiben\", seufzte Mary. „Er ist ein Adeliger und wir sind nurneinfache Leute. Er wird sich eine Frau seines Standes aussuchen\". „Leopold – ich mussnmit dir reden!\", sagte der ältere, vornehme Herr unwirsch zunseinem Neffen. „Warum bist du nicht in Amerika geblieben und hastndie reiche Miss Tree geheiratet? Dann hättest du jetzt keinenGeldsorgen mehr\". „Ich kann von meinen Erfindungen gut leben,nOnkel Millard\", erklärte Leopold gelassen. „Aber du wirstndeine Ländereien auf Dauer nicht halten können\", fuhrnMillard grimmig fort, während Leopold sich für den Ballnankleiden ließ. „Die Ländereien bedeuten mir nichts\",nfuhr Leopold schief lächelnd fort. „Eine Ehe mit einernliebenswerten Frau würde mir weitaus mehr bedeuten\". „Pah –nLiebe!\", machte sein Onkel verächtlich. „Das Finanzielle mußnstimmen, das Andere kommt dann mit der Zeit. Heute abend habe ich einnpaar reizende Ladys eingeladen, die gut betucht sind\". „Und ichnhabe eine Lady eingeladen, die überaus reizend ist\", kontertenLeopold. „Ich sehe schon, bei dir stoße ich auf taube Ohren\",nschimpfteMillard und trollte sich. Ben Hensley beobachtetenfinster, wie Mary am Abend von einer vornehmen Kutsche abgeholtnwurde. Er ballte wütend die Fäuste und verfluchte sichndafür, den Herzog in Marys Laden gebracht zu haben. „Dernverdammte Herzog soll sie auch nicht bekommen\", zischte er leisenvor sich hin. Mary war ziemlichnaufgeregt, als sie alleine in der Kutsche durch das winterlichenOst-Sussex fuhr. Noch nie war sie in so einer tollen Kutschengesessen, die von prächtigen schwarzen Hengsten gezogen wurde.nDer Kutscher hatte sich sogar vor ihr verbeugt, als ob sie einenGräfin sei. Sie hoffte, dass ihr Kleid gut genug für dennBall war. Es war das Schönste, das sie besaß. Ihre Mutternhatte es kurz vor ihrem Tod selbst für sie geschneidert. ‚Momnwäre jetzt stolz auf mich, wenn sie mich so sehen würde',ndachte Mary mit Tränen in den Augen. Schließlichnerreichten sie Aston Hall. Schon aus der Ferne konnte man dienprächtige Beleuchtung des Schlosses sehen. Schüchtern gingnMary die Freitreppe zum Portal hinauf. Otis erwartete sie schon.n„Kommen Sie, Mylady\", sagte er freundlich. Mary konnte ihrnErstaunen kaum verbergen, als sie die Eingangshalle des Schlossesnbetraten. In so einem prächtigen Gebäude war sie noch niengewesen. Und dann kam Leopold entgegen: er sah unbeschreiblich gutnaus in dem Fest-Gewand, das er trug. Er trug weiße Hosen, hohenschwarze Stiefel, und einen goldbestickten Rock mit einer Schärpe.nMary knickste tief, als sie vor ihm stand. „Euere königlichenHoheit\", murmelte sie ergriffen. Leopold verbeugte sich und gab ihrneinen angedeuteten Handkuß. „Ich freue mich, dass Siengekommen sind, Lady Cavendish\". Er strahlte sie an, dass ihr ganznwarm um das Herz wurde. Er führte sie galant in den großennBallsaal. Zuerst gab es ein großes Dinner. Aus Gründen dernEtikette saß Mary ziemlich weit entfernt von Leopold, der ganznam Ende der großen Tafel saß. Doch sie spürte, wienseine dunklen Augen gebannt auf ihr ruhten. Neben Mary saß einenältere Gräfin, die sie von oben bis unten musterte. „Nun,nmeine Teuere, wo lassen Sie denn schneidern?\", fragte die Gräfinnnach einer Weile. Mary lief knallrot an.nWahrscheinlich ließen diese hohen Damen und Herren ihrenGewänder bei den teueren Hof-Schneidern in London herstellen.n„Nun?\", wiederholte die Gräfin ungeduldig und blickte Marynmissbilligend an. Es war sicher unhöflich, wenn sie nichtnantwortete. Aber noch unhöfllicher – und eine Sünde dazun– war es, wenn sie log. „Meine Mutter hat dieses Ballkleid fürnmich genäht\", erklärte Mary mutig. „Ach?\", machte dienGräfin herablassend und wandte sich der Tischdame auf dernanderen Seite zu. Mary fühlte sich unendlich gedemütigt undnwäre am liebsten sofort aufgestanden und gegangen. Als hättenLeopold gemerkt, dass etwas mit ihr nicht Ordnung war, stand ernplötzlich auf und erklärte, dass die Kapelle nun zum Tanznaufspielen werde. Die Kapelle begann einen schwungvollen WienernWalzer zu spielen. „Darf ich bitten?\". Leopold stand auf einmalnhinter Marys Stuhl. „Wie Sie wünschen, königlichenHoheit\", erwiderte Mary zitternd und erhob sich. Sofort begann einnGetuschel unter den Adeligen am Tisch. Leopold tanzte wie ein jungernGott. Er führte Mary sicher über das Parkett, so dass sienfast zu schweben begann. Dabei sah er ihr ständig in die Augen.n„Mary\", flüsterte er zärtlich, „ich freue mich so,ndass Sie gekommen sind\". „Königliche Ho...\", begann Mary nleise zu erwidern. „Leopold\", verbesserte er lächelnd.n„Leider müssen wir in dieser Gesellschaft hier die Etikettenwahren\". Er seufzte leise, als ob ihm das alles ungeheuer auf dienNerven ginge. Die Stunden auf dem Ball vergingen wie im Flug. Leopoldnholte Mary sooft zum Tanz, wie es der Anstand gerade noch erlaubte.nDoch um 23 Uhr bat Mary darum, nach Hause gebracht zu werden. Sienwollte ihre kleinen Brüder nicht so lange alleine lassen. Mitneinem tiefen Hofknicks verabschiedete sie sich von Leopold, demnGastgeber. Er drückte ihr förmlich den Dank für ihrnKommen aus. Otis geleitete sie innden Schlosshof. Als Mary die Kutsche besteigen wollte, standnplötzlich Leopold neben ihr. „Mary\", sagte er sanft zu ihrnund ergriff ihre Hände. „Ich wollte Ihnen nur noch sagen, dassnich Sie sehr gerne habe\". Er drückte ihr einen heißennKuß auf den Handrücken. Mary bebte innerlich und sienverspürte zum ersten Mal in ihrem Leben ein nie gekanntesnVerlangen. Das verwirrte sie und sie stieg schnell in die Kutsche.n„Auf Wiedersehen, Leopold\", murmelte sie, während ihrnGesicht errötete. Sie blickte zum Fenster hinaus, währendndie Kutsche anfuhr und sie sah, dass Leopold ihr nachblickte.[Chapter 3] Hi AlexW Esnfreut mich, dass dir die Story gefällt. Ich habe sie vor ca.neinem Jahr geschrieben, und ich wollte sie nicht auf meinernFestplatte „vergammeln\"lassen. Ist schon okay, wenn du mich aufnGrammatik- oder Rechtschreibfehler aufmerksam machst. SelbstnBeta-Reader sehen nicht alles. Ich erzähle meineneigene Plotline: ich habe mir nur einige Figuren aus dem Filmn„geliehen\". Es gibt übrigens im Film eine Stelle, wo einenBuchhändlerin von Sussex kurz erwähnt wird. Das hat michnmit auf die Idee zu dieser Story gebracht. §§§§§§ Kapitel 3: Zarte Bande Es verging fast keinnTag, an dem nicht irgendein Geschenk oder ein romantischer Brief vonnLeopold bei Mary eintraf. Eines Tages beobachtete Ben Hensley vonnseiner Metzgerei aus, wie ein Bote mit einem rießigennBlumenstrauß zu Marys Laden hinüberging. „Haben Sie dasngesehen, Mr. Hensley?\", schwärmte Grace Tippett, eine Kundinnvon Ben. „Es sind Blumen, nichts weiter\", brummte Ben genervt.nGanz Icklesham tratschte schon darüber, dass der Herzog vonnAlbany ein Auge auf die Buchhändlerin geworfen hatte. „Abernjede Einzelne dieser Blumen hat eine besondere Bedeutung\", erklärtenGrace Tippett besserwisserisch. Ben wurde plötzlich neugierig.n„Erzählen Sie!\", forderte er die geschwätzige Frau auf.n„Nun, der Strauß bestand aus Amaryllis, Clematis,nWasserlilien und Farn\", zählte sie auf. „Amaryllis bedeutetnbestechende Schönheit, Clematis Anmut des Geistes, WasserlilienReinheit des Herzens und Farn Faszination\". Ben lief rot an vornWut. Dieser Herzog legte es also wirklich darauf an, Marys Herz fürnsich zu gewinnen. Irgendwas würde ihm schon noch einfallen, umndiese Romanze zu beenden, bevor sie richtig beginnen würde...... Mary betrachtetenatemlos das Bukett, das Leopold für sie zusammengestellt hatte.nSie war sich jetzt ganz sicher, dass Leopold eine gewisse Zuneigungnfür sie empfand. Inzwischen war esnMitte März geworden. Der Schnee war in Südengland längstnweggetaut und es herrschten fast frühlingshafte Temperaturen. nMary traute ihren Augen kaum, als Leopold persönlich eines Tagesnin ihrem Laden vorbeikam. Seine Augen funkelten vor Leidenschaft, alsner Mary einen Handkuß gab. Mary empfand erneut diesesnungestürme Verlangen, das sie fast die Beherrschung verlierennließ. Sie begann leise zu zittern, als Leopold ihre Rechte mitnbeiden Händen ergriff. „Ich würde mich freuen, wenn Sienmich am Sonntag zu einem Ausflug in den Dartmoor Forrest zu einemnPicknick begleiten würden. Ich hole Sie mit dem Einspännernab, wenn Sie einverstanden sind und mir diese Ehre gewähren,nMary\". „Liebend gerne, Leopold\", strahlte Mary und blickte ihnnliebevoll an. Leopold begann plötzlich schwer zu atmen und seinnGesicht kam langsam dem Ihrigen näher. Mary hielt den Atem an:nwürde er sie jetzt küssen? In diesem Moment betrat einnKunde den Laden. Leopold rückte schnell wieder weg von ihr undnverabschiedete sich förmlich. So förmlich, dass Mary fastnkichern musste. Ben Hensley beobachtetenam Sonntagnachmittag, wie der Einspänner des Herzogs vor demnHäuschen der Cavendish hielt. Dann sah er, wie Mary mitnstrahlendem Lächeln zusammen mit dem Herzog die zweirädrigenKutsche bestieg. Rasend vor Eifersucht fasste Ben einen Plan... Die Frühlingssonnenschien warm und freundlich vom wolkenlos blauen Himmel. Mary spanntenihren kleinen Sonnenschirm auf. Leopold plauderte unterwegs vonnseiner neuesten Erfindung, die er bald in London am Patentamtnanmelden würde. „Sie haben also einen Apparat erfunden, dernMenschen von der Erde bis in höchste Türme befördert?\",nstaunte sie ehrfürchtig. Leopold lächelte etwas wehmütig:n„Mein Onkel meint, dass diese Tätigkeit eines Herzogs nichtnwürdig ist\". „Warum denn?\", fragte Mary fast empört.n„Sie dienen schließlich mit so einer praktischen Erfindungndem Wohle der Allgemeinheit\". Leopold strahlte, als er das hörte.n„Ich freue mich, dass Sie mich deswegen nicht verurteilen, liebstenMary\". Mary lief rot an, als er „liebste\"sagte. Sie kamennschließlich zu einem kleinen Buchenhain, wo man an den Bäumennschon das erste zarte Grün sah. Leopold stellte die Kutsche amnWaldrand ab. Dann spazierte er mit Mary durch den Wald. Auf einernkleinen Waldlichtung breiteten sie die Wolldecke aus und verspeistennden köstlichen Inhalt des Picknickkorbes. „Was für einnschöner Frühlingstag\", meinte Mary und blinzelte in dienSonne. „Ich fürchtete schon, der Winter dauert ewig\". Leopold lächeltenund ergriff wieder ihre Hand. Seine Finger fuhren zärtlich übernihren Handrücken. Mary fühlte wieder dieses brennendenVerlangen nach diesem attraktiven Mann, der ihr so romantisch den Hofnmachte. Leopold führte ihre Hand an seinen Mund und bedeckte dennHandrücken mit zarten Küssen. Mary saß erstarrt da.n„Leopold, hören Sie nicht auf damit\", flüsterte sie.nPlötzlich war sein Gesicht ganz dicht an Ihrem und dann spürtensie schon seine weichen, warmen Lippen auf ihren Mund. Ganz behutsamnfuhr schließlich seine Zunge zwischen ihre Zähne. Marynhatte so etwas noch niemals erlebt, doch sie genoß esnungeniert: war das der Beginn der körperlichen Liebe zwischennMann und Frau – dem Mysterium, von dem man in den Nähstubennhinter vorgehaltener Hand tuschelte? Mary konnte nicht anders: sienerwiderte seinen Kuß – leidenschaftlicher, als sie eigentlichnwollte. Leopold drückte sie nun fest an sich. Seine Händenfuhren zärtlich über ihren Rücken. Plötzlichnlegte er sich auf die Decke und zog sie mit sich hinab. Leopoldnbegann wild ihr Dekolletee mit Küssen zu bedecken. Plötzlichnbekam Mary Angst. Als Buchhändlerin war sie ja belesen und somitnauch aufgeklärt. „Leopold, wir dürfennnicht\", flüsterte sie atemlos. Leopold setzte sich auf und sahnsie zerknirscht an. „Verzeih, Mary, ich vergaß mich. Du hastnnatürlich vollkommen recht, meine Liebste\". Er fuhr ihrnliebevoll über die Wange. „Ich liebe dich, Mary. Ich liebendich aufrichtig\". Mary ordnete ihre Kleidung und rückte mitngerötetem Gesicht ein wenig weg von Leopold. „Mary\", begannnLeopold vorsichtig. „Mir ist noch nie eine Dame mit einem sonliebreizenden Wesen begegnet wie du. Außerdem bist dunwunderschön. Könntest du dir vorstellen, dich mit mir zunvermählen?\"„Leopold\", flüsterte Mary atemlos. „Warndas jetzt ein Heiratsantrag?\" „Ja, das war es und ich meine esnernst mit dir „, erwiderte Leopold und legte den Arm vorsichtig umnsie. „Bin ich denn gut genug für den Herzog von Albany?\",nfragte Mary zweifelnd. „Wie kommst du denn auf so etwas?\",nwunderte sich Leopold. „Ich bin doch nur eine Bürgerliche\",nmurmelte Mary betreten. „Das ist mir vollkommen egal\",nversicherte Leopold aufrichtig. „Ich sagte dir schon mal, dass ichnmich nicht als Herzog fühle. Ich bin Ingenieur und Erfinder innerster Linie. Es ist nur meine Geburt, die mich in den Adelsstandnzwang\". Er seufzte tief und senkte den Blick. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: EinigenFiguren in dieser Story gehören den Drehbuchautoren des Filmesn„Kate und Leopold"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"TakenAGAIN","Author":"Viria0213","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11588273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Back in the US, Kim is reunited with her mother Lenore. Lenore even hugs Bryan in thanks. Bryan mysteriously takes Kim to a very nice home. After he knocks, he takes a step back. Pop start Sheerah opens the door and, over her shoulder, someone sits at a piano. Sheerah takes Kim by the arm saying she had heard Kim wants to be a singer, and tells her, \"let's see what you've got\". Sheerah focused on Kim vocals the whole session and was very impressed afterwards. \"You have the potential to be a great singer Kim.\" \"Omg really, that means a lot to me coming from a star like you,\" Kim said. \"How about I have a talk with your father about having another session at my place some time.\" Kim froze for a little bit in shock, thinking this was all a dream. She finally snapped back into reality. \"I would love that! Thanks for your time Sheerah!\" As Kim rose to leave, she suddenly felt too weak to stand. She assumed it was just the excitement causing her to feel like this, but as she started to stand again, the room started to spin. Bryan picks her up and notices she does not seem herself. however, Kim insists she is fine, until they get home. Kim rushes to the bathroom and tries to make it to the toilet before she throws up on the carpet. \"Are you okay hunny?\" Lenore said. Kim thought about what could be wrong with her, she didn't want to cause anymore worries for her mother. \"I'm fine mom.\" \"You don't seem to be Kim, Bryan come in here!\" Lenore and Bryan step outside the bathroom to discuss what may be wrong with their daughter. \"I'm worried about her, I think I'm going to take her to the doctor to get checked out,\" Lenore said. Bryan began to think back to when Kim got kidnapped. He never wanted to picture this in his head again but he knew she had been raped by one or multiple Albanians. His face began to turn red and voice started to crack. \"I'll come with.\" \"Kim get your stuff, we're taking you to the doctor.\" \"But mommmm…I'm fine.\" \"Which means, in a girl world, the total opposite. Let's go hunny.\" They arrive at the doctor that Lenore occasionally goes to. \"Hey there Lenore, you're here unexpectedly,\" One of the nurses said. \"Oh I know, I'm here because of my daughter. She hasn't been feeling well and she started vomiting not too long ago.\" \"Hmmm, you guys come over here, I'll need you to fill out some papers before she gets checked.\" Kim brought the papers back up to the nurse desk after filling them up. \"You may wait patiently until you are called back Kim.\" \"Okay, thanks.\" As Kim sat back down, she had some idea of what could be wrong with her but she didn't want to face the fact that it may be true. She'd thought everything would be over after her dad had rescued her. \"Kim Mills,\" the nurse called. Kim face began to turn red as she hesitated to stand up. \"We'll be out here waiting for you Kim, I can come with you if you want.\" \"No, it's okay mom.\" \"Hi, I'm nurse Rebecca. Nice to meet you Kim. We'll be in the first room to your right.\" Kim entered the room and the nurse began to ask her questions. Questions that brought flashbacks to her attack. She could barely concentrate anymore. \"Kim did you hear me?\" By then Kim had everything around her zoned out. She began screaming as if she was really being attacked again. The nurse grabbed her hand. \"KIM! It's okay, you are safe.\" \"I'm sorry nurse. That question brought back the worse nightmare of my life.\" Kim began to tell the nurse about what happened. Half way through, the nurse could already figure out what may be causing Kim to feel the way she did. \"I'm sorry to hear that Kim, I can only imagine how your parents felt. I'm sure they are happy to have you back though.\" I think I may an idea of what's going on but I'm going to run some test on you to be safe. I'll be right back. Do you need anything else?\" \"Okay. No thanks.\" Nurse Rebeca returns back to the room. Kim tried to read the nurse face and body language to emphasize what was wrong with her. \"Well Kim, congratulations. You're pregnant. I must say congrats because all babies are blessings but I understand your situation. Can you tell me how you feel about this? Are you going to want to keep the baby?\" Kim still was in shock even though she knew that was a possibility. Her words didn't seem to spill out right away. She was speechless, this was a tough decision of her. She didn't believe in abortions but she knew if she kept the baby, it would always remind her of what happened. \"Can I see my parents please?\" \"No problem, I'll get them for you. Sit tight.\" \"Lenore and Bryan, Kim would like to see you guys in the back.\" Before they got to the room, Rebecca broke the news to them. \"I think Kim needs your guys help with making a decision.\" After talking it through with her parents, Kim decided to keep the baby. Her parents were very supportive of her decision. 9 Months Later \"Pushhhhhhhh. You can do it Kim!\" Lenora said. Tears began to fall from Kim face as she pushes the baby out. Kim didn't know if they were tears of joy or because she regretted this all. \"You did it baby girl.\" Bryan said. Bryan then cuts the baby umbilical cord. She's beautiful Kim, she reminds me of you all over again. Kim holds the baby tight in her arms and whispers. \"You'll never go through what I went through, I promise.\" \"I have to take the baby in to get all cleaned and treated now, you'll see her later Kim. She's in good hands, no worries\" Nurse said. \"Okay, keep me updated.\" The nurse grabs the baby and puts her in the newborn bed. As she's cleaning the baby, someone comes from behind and puts their hand around the nurse mouth. \"Give me the baby or I'll kill you\". The nurse tried so hard to scream so someone could hear her but that didn't work. They held a gun to her head as they gave her commands. \"Wrap the baby up in that blanket over there and put her in the carseat. Now I want you to act like none of this happened and walk with me outside to my car with carseat in your head. If you say anything, I'll blow your head off.\" \"Yes sir.\" \"Let's take the back way out of here.\" The nurse leads the way through the back door and he snatches the carseat from her and gets in the car. \"Tell Kim I said good luck.\" They left smoke in her face as they sped off in a black van. She runs though the doors, into Kim's room and awakes her. \"Kim! They took your baby!\" Kim didn't know what was going on, she was so confused. \"What do you mean my baby is gone?\" \"Some guy. While I was cleaning the baby, he came from behind with a gun to my head. He told me to put her in a carseat and to walk out with him. He put the baby in a black van.\" \"What did he look like?\" \"I'm not sure, he had a mask on.\" \"The cops are on their way. Oh I almost forget, he told me to tell you good luck.\" \"OMG, I have to call my dad!\" Bryan arrives the same time as the police does. He looks furious in the face, he knew he should have stayed in the room with Kim. He thinks this is all his fault. \"Kim I'm so sorry for leaving your side, this is all my fault,\" \"No it's not dad. I think it's one of the Albanians.\" \"Nurse Rebecca, tell my dad what the guy told you to tell me.\" \"He said tell Kim good luck.\" \"Son of a bitch!\" Kim mom arrives five minutes later while the police is questioning multiple nurses. Bryan gets a unknown call on his cell phone. He walks away to a quiet area. He answers the phone and someone laughs. \"You thought you would get away with all this huh Brian?\" \"I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my grand-daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.\" \"Good luck.\" They leave Brian with a dial tone. He walks back into Kim's room. He approaches Lenore and tells her about the phone call. \"I guess this is payback for killing their people. I just got the same call as I got when they took Kim.\" \"Oh no. Whatever you do, please be careful Brian and get her back here safe.\" \"They can't be far. Tell the police let me handle this and stay out of my way.\" Brian kisses Kim on the forehead and calls one of his old friends who's security to stay in the room with Kim and Lenore. Then he calls his partner Sam to see if he could track the phone to see where they are headed. \"Hey Sam, we have another situation. I need you to track this for me.\" Sam begins to do some searching on his computer. \"They're from the same previous MO where they women from the emerging East-European countries like Yugoslavia, Romania, Bulgaria jobs in the west as maids and nannies. Once they smuggled them in, they'd addict them to drugs and turn them into prostitutes. It seems like they're headed to the airport Brian. They're probably almost there so you may want to get on the move.\" \"Don't worry, I'm sure they'll be stopped by traffic.\" The Albanians have just entered the airport. One of the Albanians sat the baby down to take a smoke. They await for their private airplane to arrive. Meanwhile Brian is skimming through traffic like he's a cop. Once he arrives at the airport, he acquires his set of skills. The Albanians start to load up on their plane. \"Hurry, grab the baby.\" \"Is everyone on the plane.\" \"Where is our pilot?\" \"He had to use the bathroom.\" \"Shit, we have to get moving. He's probably in the airport already.\" \"No worries, he'll never find us. We're on a private plane anyways.\" The pilot arrives back in the plane. They are about to take off. The airplane starts moving. The Albanians are enjoying their view, the baby. \"You're going to grow up and be just like your mother was before her stupid father rescued her.\" All of sudden Brian pops out the bathroom door of the plane. \"I push one button and 38 agents are here before you have time to scratch your worthless balls. Hand her over now.\" Brian said. One dude come from behind and tries to punch Brian, he blocks it with his right hand, turns around and grabs him by the neck. \"I'll kill him, let her go.\" One of the Albanians shot him. \"I just did it for you.\" Brian tries to make his way to his grand-daughter but he's challenged by an Albanian every time he advances closer to her. He defeats them all except the head of them all. \"You have to get through me first before you take her.\" He swings on Brian and knocks him out. Brian slowly gets up, he's bleeding all over his face. Brian karate kicks him in the neck, knocking him to the floor. Brian tries to grab a gun from one of the dead Albanians pocket. The remaining Albanian grabs his foot and drags him, Brian uses his other foot and kicks him in the face. Brian finally gets a hold of the gun and shoots him. By that time the police have arrived, Lenore rushes to Brian as he's out of breath. \"You have done it again, thank you so much!\" \"Anything for my girls.\" ","Summary":" Back in the US, Kim is reunited with her mother Lenore. Lenore even hugs Bryan in thanks. Bryan mys"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Capitulo final","Author":"Leviathan2.0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11318386","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kim Mills no dijo nada en absoluto mientras abrazaba a su padre, que también estaba en silencio mientras miraba la escena a su alrededor con sorpresa. Cuando había vuelto a rastrear a los traficantes de personas estaba dispuesto a no tener ninguna piedad con ellos. Sabia que esto iba a acabar así, que los dos hijos que le quedaban a Murad Hoxha iban a seguir los pasos de su padre, pero había decidido dejarlos vivos por compasión, un error que estaba pagando ahora. O lo haría si no estuviesen todos, excepto su hija y unas pocas mujeres que había liberado de sus celdas, muertos cuando llego a la base principal. Tanto él y los traficantes tenían algo en común. Ambos subestimaron a su hija. Cuando la vio despellejando vivo al último traficante con una calma sobrehumana después de haber aparentemente fusilado, destripado y descuartizado a cada otra persona en el edificio había sentido orgullo por lo que su hija logro y tristeza porque se viese obligada a seguir su ejemplo para sobrevivir. No fue hasta que acabo y se dio la vuelta que supo que allí estaba su niña, la misma hija que fue traumatizada por los albaneses años antes. Sin embargo, su cachorro había crecido, transformándose en la misma clase de depredador que él incluso si no tenían el mismo entrenamiento. Por eso la estaba abrazando. Para consolarla. Para mostrarle que estaba allí para ella. Para decirle que estaba orgulloso de que pudiese arreglárselas sola, sin necesidad de ser salvada todo el tiempo. Para demostrarle que la quería independientemente de sus actos y elecciones en la vida. Para mostrarle que aún era su hija y no un monstruo como esos hombres. ","Summary":" Kim Mills no dijo nada en absoluto mientras abrazaba a su padre, que también estaba en silencio mie"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"The Day Trip Pure Action Novel","Author":"stephenc384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12531136","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure novel for all readers aged 14+. It is called The Day Trip, it is book one of four. I am very grateful to Black Rose Writing in the USA who have traditionally published my book and kept the story as I wrote it. So many thanks to Black Rose Writing. I am known as one of their cinematic writers, I write at a fast pace and keep the story flowing. The Day Trip is about a small group of American High School Pupils who are on a trip to Manhattan with their senior year group. While visiting the city an alien task force who landed the night before landed in New York begin an invasion. From there it is a fight for survival. Bradley Harrison is the lead character, him and a small group must fight their way through Manhattan to an evacuation point which has been set up by the US military and national guard. But the girl who he loves is kidnapped by the invaders and Bradley is determined to get her back. That's all I am going to say. So below I have put Chapter One, and the intro to Chapter Two in for you to read and come to an understanding of my literature and the way I describe a scene in my own wording. Many people ask me how I put scenes together, and the answer to that is \"music\". When I am writing a specific scene to any of my books I switch the music over. Mainly film soundtracks. Resident Evil is a brilliant series I use when writing. Anyway enough of me chatting now. The Day Trip is the name of my book, it will not let me leave a URL lik. Please, please, please do not buy \"The Field Trip\" that is being sold illegally with another company that has shut down. Also I love connecting with my readers, below is my author page and twitter names. I hope you enjoy reading The Day Trip, my publishers are doing a 99p / $1.28 sale on Amazon Kindle right now. Many thanks again (Contact me I don't bite) S W Cheshire Chapter 1 A green, five-foot- six tall Armazoid named Gremlon stared out the front of his dropship window. He was an average interstellar pilot away from home on a ship mainly used for troop transport. Moderate sized and dull, the ship had two atomic engines at the back capable of propelling them through universe quicker than the blink of our eye. They were on Planet Sygonia, which is approximately eight point nine trillion light years from Planet Earth—very far away. \"Where are they?\" Gremlon snapped. \"They should have called in by now.\" The situation was tense. Comlon, his co-pilot, looked onto the radio stand on the avionics compartment of the ship waiting for the call. Ibregorg, the only other crewman aboard, looked pointlessly into the foliage for anything that could appear and pose a threat to their position. The dense shrubs surrounding the ship made it hard to see into the distance. \" This is Strike Force One calling Armazon three-one-six.\" Gremlon jumped to attention and saw Comlon sit straighter in his chair. \"That's them,\" Gremlon yelped. \"Answer it!\" \"Go ahead, Strike Force One,\" Comlon stated. \"What is your status and estimated time of arrival?\" There was a short pause. \" ETA four minutes, Armazon three one six.\" \"Power up!\" Gremlon said. \"We are out of here.\" Comlon fired up the atomic engines, and three minutes later watched as the strike force team came from the huge shrubs and bushes, chased by the tribal inhabitants of Sygonia. The gangplank was down—all the troops had to do was run fast and get on board. Alas, they were being shot down one by one by the vengeful Sygonians. Gremlon watched as the sprinting group slowly dwindled as they got closer and closer to the awaiting dropship, the foliage around them swaying with the force from the engines. He stared in disbelief. Colleagues he had known for years were perishing right in front of him. Nowhere in the universe had they come up against such an invincible force of creatures. Apparently, the Armazoids couldn't contend with their tribal nature and ability to unite and strategize. \"Come on!\" Gremlon gasped. \"Come on!\" Only one Armazoid from the strike force remained. He sprinted out towards the safety of the dropship, grasping the weapon he did not have time to recharge and use. Gremlon watched as this last remaining member of the strike team was shot in the back. The body froze, as the blood from his body ran out of his back. Eyes wide open, staring at the Armazoid Dropship, he slammed into the ground, knees first. Gremlon started running towards him. \"Cover me!\" he shouted over his shoulder. \"What?\" Comlon gasped. \"We haven't got time.\" Comlon watched as Gremlon dived out the back of the ship. Comlon had his back and opened fire onto the incoming Sygonians—there was no comrades left standing that he could possibly hit—while Gremlon dove onto the ground near the soldier. The soldier was panting from pain. His voice almost a whisper, he said, \"It is in my pouch.\" Gremlon knew he wasn't going to make it. He pulled a small disk out the pouch of his dying comrade. He looked down as the green blood ran out of the body. He didn't have the time to say goodbye, which added to the anger he felt. \" Gremlon! \" Comlon screamed at the top of his voice. Gremlon leapt up, sprinting back to open hanger of the dropship. He and Comlon shut the hanger door and ran to the control room. The atomic engines were at full power and ready to roll. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick in front of him, lifting the ship of the ground. He pushed the two power throttles forward. \"Hold on!\" he screamed. The nose of the dropship leveled out as it reached cruising altitude. He looked down at the blips on the radar, showing several dots following their own. The Sygonian ships were chasing after them. \"Get the burners on,\" Gremlon yelled. \"They are right behind us!\" \"Won't be a minute,\" Comlon replied. \"They're still powering up.\" Gremlon looked down onto the computer screen. The rays from the chasing Sygonian ships fired onto them as they powered away from the planet. He tried to dodge them. \"Ready!\" Comlon yelled. But before he could activate them, one of the rays hit the engines. There was a small explosion at the back, but the dropship continued to move upwards. Gremlon looked down at his screen as the afterburners continued to fire up. Finally, a blue ray zoomed from the back, blasting the ship forward—luckily they were still working. The Sygonian spaceships could only watch as the Armazoids craft disappeared into the depths of space. Gremlon lay back in his seat as the silver light of the stars passed the main front window. \"That was close,\" he said, relieved. \"You guys okay?\" The two Armazoids nodded, stunned by the sudden fire fight they had just got into. They were lucky to be alive. \"Let's assess the damage,\" Gremlon ordered. \"To see if we can make it back to base with this data.\" Comlon and Ibregorg stood up to take stock of the state of their ship. Gremlon stayed on the helm, but looked up when his two crew-men came back quickly. \"It should be okay until we get back to the ship,\" Comlon said. \"Hopefully.\" He sat down in the co-pilot seat of the dropship and looked out as they sped through the galaxy. He noticed a huge yellow star in the center of their present galaxy. \"How far have we travelled?\" he asked. \"About seven point nine trillion,\" Gremlon replied. \"All that for this!\" Comlon said remorsefully, gesturing to the small disk with the valuable data in Gremlon's hand. \"I knew Iennae and Blapau for years. It should have been me on that raid.\" \" Hey,\" Gremlon snapped, looking Comlon straight in the eyes. Comlon looked at Gremlon, his eyes wide. \"Don't you ever let me hear you say that again,\" Gremlon yelled. \"Those two signed up to defend our motherland, our home, our Armazon. Their deaths will not be in vain, I can promise you that!\" The back of the dropship went unusually quiet. Suddenly, an explosion from the back rocked the ship. The nose of the ship lowered. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick, pulling back. It was a struggle, but it pulled out. Alarms were screaming at him to act. \"Now what?\" Comlon asked. Gremlon looked up at his computer. He watched as the left atomic engine started to shut down. They would never be able to make it to the mother ship. Light smoke started entering the cabin of the ship. There was a sudden surge. He continued looking at his computer as both the engines flared up. \"Declare an emergency,\" Gremlon said. The ship started to slow down as Comlon switched on the radio. On the main ship still light years from them, Circo, the leader of the first attack force, stood in the control room, trillions of miles away. \" This is Comlon,\" the radio mumbled. Circo stormed over to it. The signal was weak. \"Comlon, this is Circo. Can you hear me?\" he asked. There was a short break. \"Yes, only just,\" Comlon replied. \"We have been hit and are unable to reach base.\" \"Comlon—\" started Circo. The radio went completely dead. Gremlon looked up as the smoke filling the cockpit grew thicker. The radio was dead, and the ship had sustained too much damage. He scanned the radar, looking for a place or a planet to ditch the craft. Sparks flew out of the radio. But something caught Gremlon's eye as the ship banked to the left. He saw a medium-sized planet coming into view. He stared through the windshield at the lumps of blue and a funny looking green color that covered the planet. It was their only option. \"There,\" he yelled. \"There!\" \"I heard you the first time,\" Comlon replied. Gremlon was pointing at Planet Earth. He looked at the curious planet as it grew in their view screens. He turned the ship and headed directly towards it. Sparks continued to rain down from the ceiling as the instruments and system gauges started to fail one after the other. The planet filled their view as they continued to slow down with the loss of engine power. The nose of the ship heated up as they entered the planet's atmosphere. Gremlon pulled the control stick back, straining the craft's hydraulic system to try to slow the descent. The two other Armazoids could only sit and watch as the flames sped over the ship, adding to the heat from the burning engines, and the craft gently rocked from side to side. The orange flames and plasma trails disappeared from the ship. Dense, jet-black smoke poured from the back of the engine. Comlon looked out of the window as they continued quickly dropping from the sky. \"What is this place?\" Gremlon demanded. \"I, I don't know,\" Comlon replied. \"How high are we?\" Gremlon asked. \"We are just over five thousand feet above it. We've got maybe two minutes of glide time before we crash,\" Comlon replied. Something else caught Gremlon's eyes. He looked to his left to see two black jets pulling up next to them as they continued descending towards the ground. \"What the hell are they?\" Gremlon asked. The two other Armazoids walked up to the window and looked out as the ground continued to get closer and closer. One of the black jets pulled in front of the dropship, gently rocking its wings. Gremlon followed the black jet over the land. He looked out to see a long strip in front of them, approaching as they passed through five thousand feet. \"Sit down,\" Gremlon ordered. \"This is going to be rough this landing.\" The two other Armazoids sat down as Gremlon reached out and pulled down the landing gear lever. The landing gear came down as the airstrip came closer and closer to them. The wind drag it created helped slow the ship for the landing. The two black jets continued accompanying them towards the threshold of the runway as they descended. Gremlon grasped hold of the control stick and pulled the nose up as the back gear slammed into the ground. The black fumes continued piling out of the aircraft. The speed brakes opened on the top of the wings as the nose gear touched down onto the runway of the huge military airstrip. The end of the runway was getting near, and the dropship had started to slow down, but they were still going too fast. Gremlon felt the nose wheel start to creak. He held on tight as it touched down, skidding along the rest of the runway. The scraping echoed around the cabin as the ship. Luckily it helped to slow them down to a stop. The onlookers at a military base in Yenisei in northern Russia, around 300 miles from the Siberian border, gawked as the alien spacecraft stood on the runway, nose gear collapsed. No signs of life could be seen. Gremlon slowly lifted his head up and peeked out of the window, which already had a dusting of snow settling on it. He didn't know what to expect. The life forms slowly started walking towards them, armed well. \"What the hell are those things?\" he asked in a shocked and confused voice. Comlon walked to the front of the ship. Still shaken from the crash, he stared at the gray uniforms and wide hats. The weather outside was freezing, and snow started to obstruct the view of the beings moving toward them. Gremlon pulled himself together. \"Prepare to disembark—now!\" Gremlon ordered. As the Armazoids prepared to leave the ship, the life forms completely surrounded them. Gremlon looked down at his computer. He pushed the tiny emergency button, which signaled their location to the mother ship light years away from their current position. He also took the time to assess the area outside him via his computer readouts. They reported very high levels of carbon dioxide and very low temperatures. \"Suits,\" he ordered. \"Carbon dioxide out there and lots of it.\" \"We're going out there?\" Comlon asked in a shocked voice \"Got a better idea?\" Gremlon replied, looking into his eyes The group got into their suits, looking at one another apprehensively as they prepared to go outside. \"Hide the data,\" Gremlon ordered, waving the disk in Comlon's face. \"What?\" Comlon asked. \"Just do it.\" Comlon took the disk and hid it in a flap under the floor. They armed themselves, ready to fight to the death. Gremlon looked at his two comrades as he pulled the red lever. The bay doors slowly hissed open. The smoke poured in from the outside. It was extremely cold. \"Here goes,\" Gremlon said. Gremlon walked out first, uncertain of what to do first. There was another group of natives approaching dressed all in white. \"What do we do?\" Comlon frantically whispered to Gremlon, clearly panicking. Gremlon didn't say a word. \"Now!\" Comlon yelled. \"Wait,\" Gremlon shrieked, trying to prevent the fight. Comlon fired onto the men, followed closely by Ibregorg. Their purple rays zapped through the air, mostly slamming harmlessly into the snow, but one hit a man dressed in gray. The men in gray began to run and shout, finding cover and firing back at the Armazoids. \"Shit,\" Gremlon yelled as he dove behind the ships's cargo door. He watched from his position of relative safety as Comlon and Ibregorg, his only two remaining crewmen, fell to the ground, riddled with bullets. He knew he would have to surrender, but the fate of Planet Armazon rested in his hands and on that disk. Gremlon dropped his weapon onto the floor. He stood up slowly, looking at the people as they walked slowly towards him, clutching their weapons. Two of the men placed him in a strong plastic bag. Gremlon felt his body being tightly compressed as he was lifted and placed on a metal table. He struggled to get out but the straps were too tight. He trembled as he wondered where on earth he was going. Volkov Radoslav, the Russian Premier, woke to a banging on his door. His eyes slowly opened to the heavy knocks. His head burned from the warmth of the heaters. He sat up slowly and rubbed his eyes. He got out of the bed and walked across the red carpet toward the front door of his room. He found himself looking at his assistant, Stanislav. \"Sorry to wake you, sir, but there has been an incident,\" Stanislav said quietly. Volkov paused for a long moment before speaking. \"Okay. A minute please.\" He dressed slowly, wondering what on earth had happened for him to be woken up so early in the morning. The sun had started to come up over the horizon of Moscow. Volkov walked out of his bedroom and down to his office. He sat down as three of his military top generals waited to speak to him. He looked at his white coffee cup on his desk as he sat down and noticed the lack of steam. \"Okay, bring me up to speed on the situation,\" Volkov demanded. One of the generals stepped forward. \"Sir,\" he said quietly, \"an alien spacecraft has crashed at our Yenisei air base.\" Volkov didn't say a word. He wondered if he was still asleep and if this was just a dream running through his head. \"An alien spacecraft,\" he repeated. \"Yes, sir. Crash-landed a few hours ago. We only just got the message.\" There was a silence in his office. He looked up at the clock. \"Did anyone see what damaged the ship?\" he asked. \"No, sir,\" his general said. \"It flew in from the north already smoking and crashed at our air force base there. We managed to guide it in.\" \"Did any living thing emerge from the craft?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes sir,\" The general replied. \"Three of them.\" \"Did they offer any resistance?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes. Two were shot and we have one at Area 52,\" the general said. \"Has he tried any type of communication with you?\" Volkov asked. \"No, sir,\" his general replied, \"but we are working at it.\" \"Okay,\" Volkov said. \"I want a media blackout on this. No one is to know—only us.\" \"Understood, sir.\" Chapter 2 Three months later. If you asked Bradley Harrison to write about himself and what was important to him, this is what he would say: We used to be the typical boys, running around with toy guns, shooting at enemies and, of course, not to forget the aliens. You know what I mean. So we had the practice. Who was to know that one day all that pissing around would have been needed on a normal day like today. My name is Bradley. Bradley Harrison. I'm your average, everyday teenager. Love women and have my mind on one thing only. You guessed it: gun clubs and martial arts. Of course, you know what else I mean. I was born on the 2nd August 19.99. So nearly eighteen. Let me introduce you to some of my friends, and to make things better, the enemies too, who are going to have a different view of me after today. Meet Kevin, my longest running and most loyal friend. I have known him since kindergarten. He has a great brother called Will who has joined the US Army. Then we have Max. Nice guy, the best sniper shooting at the local gun club. He has had more bull's eyes than I have had hot dinners. And of course we leave the best man till last. Meet Eric. Yes, Eric. Mind you, Eric did help us out a lot when the Armazoids were invading, but he isn't the sharpest tool in the toolbox. But we all love him very much. Now to the others. Kate is my childhood sweetheart, and Lisa is Kevin's. To this very day we are trying to get in their pants. I didn't just say that, did I? But haven't had much luck since—well, you get what I mean. Now to the fun people. Ms. Hogan, our form tutor. Has had it in for me ever since I started high school. I don't know it's one of those things, but she has a little side-kick named Colin. If I said boo to a goose he would tell her. So there you have it. However, a normal day trip to the Big Apple is going to change the way they viewed life as they saw it. The Day Trip Stephen Cheshire Twitter: S_W_Cheshire Instagram S_W_Cheshire Facebook Author Stephen W Cheshire ","Summary":" Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure nov"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"there's a light at each end of this tunnel","Author":"Some Enchanted Evening","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10698471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Well, originally I was working on a different story, but I ran into writer's block with that and this piece kind of crowded my mind instead! So here's my first attempt at Bryan's voice, in the three weeks between the last two scenes of the second movie. Disclaimer: Not mine, never mine, you know the drill! The flight attendant smiles approvingly at him, even as Bryan waves her and her cart of beverages on. He supposes they do look like the idyllic family at that moment, the two women to the right of him fast asleep. It's likely no one would believe just what they were flying home from; it's likely no one would believe that this is actually the first time all three of them have been on an airplane together. Kim has the window seat, and had watched Istanbul fade away before curling up in the sort of ball that only teenagers seem able to manage, her long legs tucked under her and her head resting in Lenny's lap. Earlier, Lenny had been absent-mindedly stroking Kim's hair, but now she is asleep too, her head falling down onto Bryan's shoulder, her cheek pressed against him, hiding the scrapes on her face and neck. He wishes sleep would come so easily for him. None of them had slept the night before, sitting together in his room and watching the sun rise through the window before heading obscenely early to the airport to await the first flight that Sam had pulled some strings to book them on. He owes a lot to Sam, yet again – he'll have to buy him a beer when they arrive home. A case of beer. His very own bar. His mind is still live-wired, unable to relax, reliving the last two days, counting up the mistakes and missteps. It's always been that way, when he still worked and he would return from an assignment; it's what kept him sharp, made him better. He never made a mistake twice, but his mistakes have never bothered him as much as the ones he's made since his retirement do; but then, the stakes had never been so high. He sits stone still in his seat, nudging Lenny's head back every so often when she lolls forward, but in his mind he reruns the last few days, cataloguing all the ways he could have made things better, and all the ways they might have been worse. Every bone in his body aches, reminding him that he's older, slower, not as effective. He can't keep up with his thoughts anymore, and even on the quiet plane, his brain careens along the streets of Istanbul until he feels as though he is spinning out of control, all from the safety of his seat. It's unacceptable – control, in this business, is first and foremost. But it hadn't been business, this time or last. They have a layover at JFK, an overnight stay before tomorrow's early-morning departure. There's a hotel beside the airport, and they arrive early enough that Kim makes some noise about going into the city, because she's never been to New York and she's seventeen and far more resilient than Bryan gives her credit for. All of that still earns her a resounding 'no.' There's no two rooms nearby each other on such short notice, so they take one, a small efficiency with two queen-sized beds, and he takes the one by the door while Kim and Lenny take the one by the window. It's no frills, especially compared to the extravagance of the hotel in Istanbul with the large sitting rooms and sweeping views, but the stark simplicity suits their moods. There's a restaurant in the lobby, but they order up to the room. They'd received enough odd looks in the airport, sidelong glances that had put him even more on edge until Kim had leaned over to him and muttered, \"It kind of looks like you and Mom went a few rounds in the ring.\" Lenny had touched the cut under his eye. \"At least I can give as good as I get,\" she'd said dryly, and it had been a twisted joke but he'd laughed anyway. It had felt good to laugh, but he doesn't have a particular desire to sit in a restaurant and have their server wonder what kind of knock-down fight they had gotten into. After they eat, Kim sits on the bed staring at her phone while Lenny showers, and Bryan perches next to her, putting a hand on her back, between her shoulder blades. He can feel her breathe there, and it's comforting. \"You okay, baby?\" he asks quietly, because she hasn't spoken or moved in almost ten minutes – she's bounced back remarkably well since they all reunited at the Embassy, but he wonders if everything is really just hitting her now. \"Yeah,\" Kim answers slowly, and she raises her head, studying him as though trying to decide whether she should continue or leave it at that. He's silent, waiting, even though a thousand questions pop to the front of his mind, needs for reassurance. He's trying not to push, difficult as it is, because the only thing more frightening than not knowing everything about his daughter's life is the idea of her pushing him away because he's trying to do exactly that. \"At the pool…I was talking to Jamie on Skype when you called,\" she says finally – slowly, carefully, and despite his attempts to keep his face nonchalant, Bryan can feel his spine stiffen as soon as she says the name Jamie . There isn't necessarily anything wrong with the boy in particular ( too scruffy where are his parents doesn't he have a job he should be at his eyes are a little glassy maybe he does drugs ), at least nothing that Sam's routine poking had dredged up, but Bryan knows himself well enough to know that he'll never be okay with Kim dating. She's his little girl – there isn't a boy in the world good enough for her. \"I told him I would call him right back,\" she continues, \"and, well, obviously I didn't.\" \"So…you could call him now?\" Bryan suggests, the words difficult to spit out because sitting here in a quiet room while his daughter chats up her boyfriend…that's a whole different kind of torture. But he's wise enough to say what he should , rather than what he wants to at that moment. \"And say what, Dad?\" she replies flatly, raising her eyebrows, her brow scrunching. \"How could I possibly explain this to him? I haven't even told him about…about what happened in Paris.\" \"You don't owe an explanation to anyone,\" he tells her fiercely, just the thought of Paris making his stomach clench, and he slips his arm around her even as she discreetly rolls her eyes. He hates that the world can be divided into places where she's been hurt, when the only thing he ever wanted to do was keep her safe. Paris, and now Istanbul, are just names of cities to her classmates, but he's afraid that they'll always remind Kim of her stolen innocence. That's what they'll always make Bryan think of. He misses that about her, the bright-eyed way she would look at the world. He's fiercely proud of the woman she's becoming, but he wishes more than anything she could have held onto that childlike trust for just a little while longer. \"Do you really believe that?\" she asks him quietly. \"That no one deserves to have their questions answered?\" He hesitates, because it feels very much like he's walking into a trap, before replying carefully, \"I don't think a boy you've been seeing for just a few months has any right to demand any answers from you at all.\" \"If I had asked you what you did, when I was younger, what you really did, would you have answered me truthfully?\" she asks suddenly, and he winces, ah, there's the trap. He rubs his thumb over her shoulder, turning the question over in his head. No , he knows, of course he wouldn't have. He'd have wanted to keep Kim away from the salacious details of his work, keep her image of him as untarnished as he could. His hands are far from clean, and he doesn't think he could have admitted that to his daughter. \"I told you last year,\" he says, evading as best he can. \"A preventer.\" \"But I had no idea what that even meant,\" Kim points out, and he sighs. \"I'm your father,\" he says quietly. \"It's my job to protect you, including from things I didn't think you were ready to hear.\" \"Did Mom even really know?\" Kim presses. \"That's between us,\" he answers, closing the subject, but he can tell by the flicker in her eyes that she knows his real answer – no, again . He isn't used to sleeping with other people in the room. So the creak of the floorboards has him instantly awake, eyes snapping open, and he's tense, reaching to snap on the light, before he makes out Lenny's silhouette in the darkness, framed against the light from the streets that seep in around the corners of the curtains. She's standing on Kim's side of the bed, leaning over her, a hand on her hair. She stays there for a long moment, while Kim breathes evenly and deeply, and when she turns towards him, he pretends to still be asleep until oddly, worryingly, he hears the click of the door behind her as she leaves the room. He waits a moment, and then another, before he sits up, and this time he does flick on the light. Kim doesn't stir, sprawled on the belly. He checks three times that the door is properly locked before heading down the hall, down the elevator. It isn't a long search – he finds her in the lobby, curled up on one of the uncomfortable looking sofas in her tank top and sweatpants, a book in her hands. The lobby is fairly deserted, but those who do pass by do so without looking her way, hurried travelers on their way home, businessmen with their phones glued to their ears despite the lateness of the hour. He could leave her be. Logically, he knows that here no one will bother her and she'll wander back eventually, and maybe she needs time to decompress on her own. But he can't help but worry – not about anything external, but about what's going on in her head, and so hesitantly, he approaches, calling her name quietly so she won't be startled. \"You're not supposed to be reading. Doctor's orders, remember?\" He taps the cover of her book, as though to jog her memory. No reading, no TV, no computer for a week would help speed recovery of the concussion, the doctor at the Embassy had told them. Of course, that leaves nothing to do but think, and he can see how that could be a trial right about now. She looks up, smiling wanly. Her face is scrubbed clean, and that coupled with her casual sleepwear reminds him too keenly of when they were married, when he would come home late after weeks away and she'd be asleep on the couch, waiting. It pulls at his chest, squeezes at his heart with sharp regret. It's a part of her life that he's not privy to anymore, and seeing it makes him miss her with a ferocity that is normally dulled when she is putting on the airs of the glamorous, unattainable Lenore St. James – it's still there, it's always there, but it doesn't always pierce the way it does right now. \"I couldn't just sit there and stare at the wall in the dark any longer,\" she explains, and she adds apologetically, \"I didn't mean to wake you.\" He shakes his head, and she draws up her knees closer to her chest. He takes the invitation, and he sits beside her, arm draped over the back of the couch. \"Couldn't sleep either. Kim, on the other hand, is out like a light.\" He raises his eyebrows. \"Tell you what, we have one tough kid.\" \"Mmm,\" she answers quietly, and her eyes slide away, gazing off to something that he can't see. \"She takes after you that way.\" He frowns, at the unspoken self-reproach, and he puts his hand on her knee, squeezing comfortingly. \"You too,\" he says seriously, and the corner of her lips twitches up in a little smirk. He isn't sure what she expected of herself, but in his mind the fact that she'd survived and hadn't broken under her fear is something that most people wouldn't be able to say. She's resilient – always has been. \"You okay?\" he presses gently, and immediately feels foolish. Of course she isn't, of course Kim isn't…but he worries, regardless. It's something he doesn't know how to fix – he can bring them home, but he can't put their lives back together the way that they once were. \"Yeah. I'm okay,\" she replies quietly, but her brief smile is fleeting, flickering quickly off her face. \"Are you?\" he presses, and the words are difficult to get out. They haven't been able to speak openly since he found her in that bathhouse. On the ride to the Embassy, she had still been coming around to lucidity, and when they arrived and been reunited with Kim, she had slipped into mothering mode and brushed aside Kim's concerns, more focused on making sure their daughter truly was all right. He's counted the moments between leaving her behind and finding her again in his mind a thousand times. He doesn't know what happened to her in the inbetween, and part of him doesn't want to know, not when there's nothing he can do at this point, no way he can retroactively protect her from it. But nor would he want her to hold it inside, letting it fester into something even more ugly and painful – darkness thrives in darkness, he knows that all too well. \"I'm okay,\" she repeats, and then her hand lands on his chest, fingers spread wide. \"Bryan. I'm okay,\" she says again, softly this time, her eyes seeking his, and he releases a breath he hadn't known he was holding. She knows his unspoken question, and she's answering him in turn; I'm okay . \"Good,\" he answers, and his voice is a little hoarse. Her fingers curl in his shirt, making a fist over his heart, and she leans into him, fitting into the curve of his arm, her cheek pressed to his shoulder. Her skin is cold to the touch and he rubs her arm, trying to work some warmth back there. There's still that need, to touch, to assure themselves of the other's solidity, still here, still breathing . Each heartbeat only serves to remind how closely they brushed disaster – the blade sliding another inch or two along Lenny's throat, the gunman after Kim on the rooftop a hair faster on the draw, Kim speeding towards the train tracks but not quickly enough. They were lucky. He had been sloppy. \"I'm sorry this happened,\" he murmurs, slipping his hand up to the nape of her neck. She feels vulnerable there, and it makes him nervous and protective at the same time. \"That, ah, wasn't what I hoped for when I invited you two to join me.\" She tips her face up to look at him, her eyes serious and searing, pinning him to the spot. \"What were you hoping for?\" she asks quietly, and it takes him completely by surprise. He lets out a little huff of laughter, his fingers combing slowly through her hair. \"You really want to get into that right now?\" Everything is raw just then, too close to the surface, and if they touch it he isn't sure if it will spark like a live wire or crumble like dust. He knows why he invited them both to Istanbul, and if Lenny hadn't known before, she certainly does now. She's asking because she wants to hear it, and the words are right there, I wanted to see what it would be like to go as a family of three, I wanted to see if we could ever be that again, I've missed you . His thoughts have been shifting since he moved to Los Angeles, as he slowly started reconciling the fact that Kim wasn't a little girl anymore but a young woman. It's difficult, and some days he manages better than others, but he's coming around to it. He's been less rooted in the past, less nostalgic and wistful with each day that goes by for all the time and years he lost, more focused on the present and the future. When he thinks of Kim, he simultaneously sees her as the six-year-old missing her front teeth and the seventeen-year-old high school senior, and every stage between. He sees her as a newborn, swaddled in pink blankets. He sees her in her wedding dress, in a day that's hopefully still years away. And Lenny…he thinks of her, too, and not just as part of his past. She's always been a part of his future, too – that's what happens when you have a child together – but lately his thoughts have been more…concrete, and less wisps of an intangible might-have-been. Those feelings aren't new. They've been there for over a decade, worse since he brought Kim home and Lenny's long spell of iciness towards him had finally thawed, and knocking him clear on his ass when she told him that she and the perfect husband were separating. And he knows they'll still be there in a few weeks, when her reaction won't be steeped in relief or gratitude – that isn't what he wants. The last thing he wants is for her to feel pressured or indebted somehow, as though his taking care of her is contingent on a shift in their relationship, rather than something he'll always do regardless. Even when their relationship was at its most tenuous and she could barely look at him, there's never been another woman who could even come close to what she means to him. There's too much between them, time and history and emotions and their daughter . And no matter where they go from here, that'll always remain the same, and that's something he needs to know she understands before they take a step in any direction. He can be patient; he can wait. It's difficult when everything seems close enough to reach out and grasp, but it's also too important for him to do anything else. He's spent the last twenty years fucking up his personal life, and he's trying to guide it back on course through a minefield. He's determined to not misstep. He can feel the curve of her lips against his neck when she smiles, and she murmurs in agreement, \"Maybe not right now.\" And they're good for a long moment, quiet and at rest and he can feel his heart slow just a bit to match her soft breathing, the adrenaline that'd plagued him on the plane finally starting to seep away, bit by bit. He's left bone-weary in exchange, as though he could sleep for the next three days. It would be easy to do it right there – sleeping in strange places had been part of the job, and Lenny feels soft and warm curled against him and her breath is evening out, suggesting the tendrils of sleep are starting to pull at her, too. It's so tempting to just let themselves be , and only the thought of Kim upstairs drives him to nudge Lenny's arm. \"C'mon,\" he says quietly. \"Let's head back before Kim wakes up and assumes the worst when she sees we're both missing.\" Lenny nods, lifting her head, and he goes to stand, wincing at the soreness in his muscles, the stiffness in his joints. She catches him before he pulls away completely, her hand sliding to the back of his neck in a mimic of the way he had been touching her just moments before. Her eyes are overbright and damp, and from this close he can see the wetness clinging to her lashes. She nips her bottom lip to stop its trembling, and he keeps himself from repeating his question, are you okay? \"Thank you, Bryan,\" she says softly, seriously, and he doesn't know how to answer. What happened lies heavily between them, a weight pulling them down, and her fingers press more firmly against his nape, as though she feels it, too. He nods his head once, a silent acknowledgement, and she smiles a bit – tremulously, the way she had in the airport a year ago when he had brought Kim home, the way she had when he had told her Kim was safe just the day before, but a smile still. He brushes his lips against her forehead, and feels her exhale against his throat. Still alive . They share a cab from the airport, and even though his apartment is closer, he instructs the driver to go to the house first. The fare'll be higher, but seeing them home is the final step, and he wouldn't feel right just sending them on their way. Neither of the ladies complain and they crowd into the backseat, Kim in the middle, her head resting tiredly on Lenny's shoulder. They're quiet, on that car ride, and the driver keeps looking back to check on them, but it's a peaceful sort of quiet, one where words just aren't needed. When they pull up the house, there's a black Mercedes in the driveway. Kim frowns, her brow furrowed in thought, and Lenny sighs, her thumb and forefinger coming up to pinch the bridge of her nose, and he can feel the tension in the car, can feel her bracing herself. And it feels terrible, because he knows how exhausted they all are and now it is as though he's sending her into the fray, another battle to fight. It's been only a week since he last saw that car, peeling down the street, and Lenny had answered the door in tears. It hadn't been his business but he'd hated to see her cry and that had been the onus that started the whole thing. If he'd kept his mouth shut, Kim and Lenny would have been safe in Los Angeles and he would have dealt with the men determined to pick him off as need be. He knows, logically, it isn't his fault but there are still times that he thinks of how he could have prevented this whole mess in the first place. \"Do you want me to come in?\" he asks as they pull the suitcases from the trunk, and Lenny shakes her head. \"I can handle this,\" she replies, and it's probably for the best. He's still too on edge, and he doesn't completely trust that his mind will be able to separate a merely unpleasant situation from a dangerous one. He has no idea how much or how little Stuart knows – if Lenny even told him she and Kim were leaving the country, and if so, were they were going and with whom – and Bryan has to let her navigate this alone. For him, it always seems to come back to that same lesson. Kim gives him a long suffering look, and he wraps her in a hug, putting his cheek to the top of her head. \"Driving lesson on Saturday?\" she asks, and he raises his eyebrows. \"We can take a little break from lessons if you want,\" he offers, surprised. He's been the one thus far pushing to schedule driving lessons every Saturday, and after his barking at her as they tore through the streets of Istanbul, he had expected her to have no desire to sit behind the wheel of a car again for quite some time. Part of him is glad, the part that wants her to be able to dust off all the traumas of the last two years, but part of him is worried that she's trying for too much, too soon. She shakes her head, and her eyes are steely. \"No, I'm ready,\" she tells him firmly, and although he's been telling himself it for the last two years, that's the moment that he really realizes that his Kimmy isn't a child anymore. He nods slowly, mulling it over in his mind. \"Then I'll see you Saturday,\" he says. He waits until they go into the house, and a beat longer – waiting, waiting – before getting back into the cab, alone. Bryan has never been so aware of how devoid of life, of personality, his apartment is until he returns after Istanbul. Kim's room is the only one that offers any hint as to the person who lives there. She doesn't spend the night often, but 'not often' is still a step up from 'never.' She's made little changes, since she started coming over, because he'd picked out the curtains and the bedspread and the pictures with a little girl in mind, not a young adult. The pink is almost garish, in retrospect, but she's left it as is, tossing a big grey and white chevron blanket over the width of the bed to mute the color a bit. The curtains are there still, but the artwork is gone, replaced by posters slapped on with tape and pictures with friends stuck on with push pins – it'll be coming out of his security deposit whenever, if ever, he leaves, but he doesn't mention it. The desk is piled with DVDs, scattered with notebooks, headphones, odds and ends from her purse. But the rest of the apartment, there's little to no sign of who might live there. There are pictures of Kim – her third birthday party, riding a pony at six, dressed as an angel at seven for the Christmas pageant – but little else. No pictures from the last decade, no knick-knack souvenirs from friends or brought back from vacations, barely any dishes in the cupboard because he gets take-out more often than not and when he does cook, it's usually only for himself. The bookshelf is full but non-descript, and he hasn't read half the novels there, ones he picked up and then never had the opportunity to start before work pulled him away, and now he keeps only out of habit and some sort of misplaced guilt. It's the place he lives, but it's missing all of those elements that would make it a home . When Kim comes to visit, filling the space with her laughter and noise and her things – that's the only time it feels close to anything real. It's probably an accurate representation of his life thus far, the last dozen years spent wandering, staying nowhere long enough to make it a home or even accumulate the things that would make It feel like one. But perhaps it's time to start settling his roots in Los Angeles. \"Say cheese,\" he tells her one Saturday, pulling out the camera on a whim as she sits behind the wheel of the car and idles, waiting for him to get in. \"Ugh, really, Dad?\" She pulls a face, and that's what he captures – her tongue poked out, her eyes crossed, and she makes another one when he shows it to her. \"Oh, God, please, please delete that.\" \"Sure,\" he tells her, and does the exact opposite. He wonders how long it will take her to notice it framed next to one of her childhood pictures – the little girl he remembers besides the woman she's turning into. It's time to start filling in the years inbetween, he realizes. It's the tiniest of steps, but it's in the right direction. He goes to pick up Kim for her driver's test – third time is the charm, he prays – and Stuart is there. Stuart is always fucking there anymore. He doesn't know what it means. He can't even ask what it means, because the bottom line is that it isn't any of his business. He doesn't know if he's moved back in, or if he's just there during the day, or if he's only there on the days Bryan comes to get Kim. Maybe Lenny asks him to be there. Hell if he knows. All he does know is that there is a weird, uncomfortable energy as the three of them wait in the kitchen, after Kim had called down that she needed five more minutes. It's never been easy, but it's been more tolerable than this before, and now none of them speak. Stuart looks at him with a scrutinizing expression, as though he's a puzzle to be solved, and Bryan stares back unabashedly, and Lenny sits with her arms crossed and looks at no one at all. Finally, Stuart speaks. \"I never did get to thank you, Bryan, for what you did. Again.\" His lips curve into a small smile, but it never reaches his eyes, still suspicious, still studying. \"We're so lucky you do…what you do.\" Bryan doesn't answer, which is probably for the best, as the first replies that come to his mind are anything but courteous. The mere fact that Stuart is thanking him gets his hackles up – as though he did anything for Stuart's sake, as though he had ever been a blip on Bryan's radar. \"Yes, well,\" Stuart adds, when they all sit in silence for a moment longer, \"we probably all just need some time to regroup.\" We, he says, and Bryan knows exactly what he's implying, what he's politely suggesting, and Bryan keeps his gaze fixed, meeting the unspoken challenge. Others might be cowed by Stuart's wealth, his connections, but Bryan's seen too much in his life to be fazed by a businessman throwing his weight around. Stuart reaches out, perhaps to take Lenny's hand, but her fingers and her eyes slide away and he's left grasping at air. He raps his knuckles against the counter instead, as though that had been his intent all along. \"I'll go check on Kim,\" Lenny says distractedly, sliding from her stool. Bryan follows her without bothering to excuse himself, and he catches her arm by the door, before she can call up the stairs. \"Lenny,\" he says quietly, conscious of the fact that Stuart is still in the kitchen, that Kim'll be coming down the stairs any moment, \"if you want me to…\" he trails off, waving his hand vaguely as he works to find the words, \"to leave you alone, so you can figure things out with Stuart, then I'll do it. I'll do that.\" He fixes her with a steely stare then, and he plants his hand on the doorframe next to her shoulder – she hasn't made a move to go, but he doesn't want to give her the option just yet. \"But only if you tell me to,\" he adds firmly. \"Not because he tells me to. You.\" Her eyes slide to the staircase before returning to his, her gaze steady. She's never been intimidated by his intensity – she hasn't always liked it, but she always meets him head-on, and there aren't many people in the world he can say that about. \"That's not what I want,\" she answers softly and he kisses her before he can think better of it, the way he should have in New York, quick and hard with his hand clasped at the back of her neck, over her hair. She makes a soft sound of surprise but her hands curl around the collar of his shirt, fingers brushing against the skin of his neck. Her lips are warm in a way he's thought about since Istanbul, and he can smell the perfume from behind her ear, and it's all too much and not enough, brief as it is. He puts his free hand to her waist, and something that feels like relief bubbles in his chest. Her eyes don't open right away when he pulls back, and he briefly rests his forehead to hers. Then she looks up at him without pulling away, and her face is so close, close enough that her breath hits his lips when she releases it, and even after twenty years, he's still caught off guard sometimes by how beautiful she is. He thinks of kissing her again, of how much he wants to, but he hears a door shut upstairs, the creak of footsteps, and instead he swallows hard and takes a step back, giving her some space. For now. Just for now. Because he had meant what he said, that he would back off if she told him to, if that was what she wanted, much as it would have hurt. But if she doesn't want that, then he sure the hell isn't walking away again. The idea that Stuart thinks he can intimidate him away is laughable. He can fight. He's good at that. ","Summary":" A/N: Well, originally I was working on a different story, but I ran into writer's block with that a"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"taken","Author":"al3bsee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10222613","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first story I have ever written, hope you enjoy it There are two families who have been neighbors for many years. The first family has only one son, and the second family has only one daughter, too. Bryan and Lenore are in love with each other since they were children. Even though they love each other, they always have disagreement and fight with each other. Both of them are clever in their education. He was studying criminal justice and she was studying medicine. When they graduated, he became a police officer, and she became a doctor. One day, both of them have vacation and they are planning to travel together. Unfortunately, he got a call from the police chief to tell him that the president will travel with his family in two days, so you and other police officers will go with him. Bryan couldn't refuse that, so he invite Lenore to have dinner together to apologize to her. She got angry because she was excited to travel with him and she will not have vacation until the next year. She didn't even give him a chance to tell her where he is going. She was screaming at him and crying, the she left him. She decided to stay at home, and when Bryan traveled, she met her friends and they have plan to travel, so she was interested to go with them. She didn't text Bryan to tell him that she will travel with her friends. However, she traveled with her friends and when they arrived, they decided to take a nap and then get prepared to go to the beach. So, they went to the beach to have fun there, and after a while, they heard gun shooting near to them. Yeah she is unlucky because she traveled to the same city that Bryan traveled to. However, Bryan who was shooting because there were some thieves who tried to steal the president family's stuff. One of the thieves got hurt, and while Bryan was running to him, he saw Lenore. He was upset because she didn't tell him that she would travel. He stopped to talk to her and he was blaming her. While he is talking to her, one of the thieves was looking at them. The day after, Lenore decided to go to him to fix the problem, and when she got out, the thief kidnaped her. The thief called Bryan to tell him that he kidnaped Lenore, and if you want her alive come over here and bring a million $, otherwise I'll kill her. Bryan's responds \"I don't know who you are, but if you don't let my girlfriend go, I will find you and I will kill you. Bryan recorded the call while he was talking to the thief. He realized the location and went there without asking his friends for help. He got there and stormed the place, then started killing everyone he faced. When Bryan found Lenore, she was unconscious. He start crying and blaming himself because he couldn't save her life. But he didn't know that she was acting to see what he will do if he saw her died. As usual, the police came over at the end to arrest the criminals. Finally, Bryan and Lenore got married and have a cute daughter whose name is Kim. ","Summary":" This is my first story I have ever written, hope you enjoy it There are two families who have been "},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"I'm only human (and I bleed when I fall down)","Author":"Some Enchanted Evening","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10612225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Well, I didn't expect to write another piece so soon – WHOOPS! Guess I have this series on the mind, and what can I say – 'separated/divorced couples who still have feelings for each other' is basically my favorite trope ever. This fic was almost called 'I love everybody in this bar.' XD Disclaimer: No ownership, no money, etc. etc. etc. Lenore's dressed for divorce court, not a bar. But after hours and hours of finalizing the cataloguing of 'his' and 'hers', of recounting all the thousands of reasons that her marriage to Stuart has twisted into something ugly and awful, of signing the final papers to sever their union forever, she needs a drink or two. She's only a block or so from the courthouse, so she doesn't look too out of place with her pencil skirt and crisp pressed blouse among the interns and paralegals, the counselors and court reporters. Her plan is to nurse a glass of red wine and hopefully her nerves in the process, and wait out the storm that threatened overhead, the rainclouds dark and heavy and foreboding. She'd been forced to park six blocks away, and thought it best to wait before making the trek. Stuart, lucky enough or connected enough to get a spot right in front of the courthouse, had tersely offered her a ride to her car, but as he had called her an icy bitch and she had called him a pathological control freak only a half hour ago, she had gracefully declined. She slides onto a bar stool and tries to not exude 'single and sad' as she orders a glass of red wine and takes out her phone. There's a text from Kim, seeing how she's doing, and Lenore fires off a quick reply, letting her daughter know her status before picking up her drink. She's not alone for long, which is something she should be glad about. She's one of the only people here by herself, it seems, but the clientele is mixed enough that it isn't all couples, and soon there's a man seated next to her, offering her a smile and a handshake with his introduction. Lenore isn't stupid, she knows she's failed miserably at her 'don't appear single and lonely' plan, but it's nice to not be alone, nice to have a man – and then another, the first's friend, lingering by her stool ostensibly to order a drink from the bartender but working to catch her eye – want to talk to her after spending the day being ripped apart. She forgets the name of the man sitting next to her as soon as he gives it, and after he buys her a few drinks she's far too embarrassed to ask, but their conversation is nice enough and in the end, it won't make a difference anyway. She's too old and seen too much in life to let some stranger at a bar take her home just because he's picking up the tab and is wearing a suit. She won't deny that it's nice to flex her flirting muscle, however; after so many years, it's more than a bit rusty. Suddenly, her companion notices something over her shoulder and Lenore knows , she knows he's there even before she turns around. Other men always get this look around her ex-husband (her first ex-husband, she has to remind herself, and oh god, how pathetic that she now has to number her failures), a sort of wariness. She supposes she can't blame them – Bryan usually towers at least a good half of a foot over anyone in the room, and when he's around strangers he always has this look on his face, like he could break someone's neck with his thumbs if he so chose. Which, Lenore admits, he probably could. He wedges himself quite pointedly between Lenore's stool and the stool of the man she had been talking to – Paul? Patrick? Well, whatever his name had been doesn't really matter because he's already gone like a wisp of smoke, as is the gentleman who had been hovering and vying for her attention. It's so comforting to know that her new friends would so readily leave her at the mercy of someone who, for all they know, is a scary, scowling stranger. Bryan gestures with two fingers to the bartender to bring the check, and Lenore can see him roll his eyes when he signs for the single glass of wine on her tab. That's right, she had started with wine before – Peter? – had switched her to vodka and lemon. \"What are you doing here?\" she demands of Bryan. \"I swear to god, Bryan, if you put a GPS on my phone, too, I will kill you. Actually kill you.\" She fumbles for her phone in her purse, angrily jabbing her finger at the screen and expecting something – a map, or a sign saying 'He's Guilty' perhaps – to pop up and implicate him. Instead, she sees that it's been almost four hours, she's missed six calls from Kim, and her stomach drops. \"No GPS,\" he says upon reading the expression on her face. \"Kim was worried, said you texted her that you were stopping for a drink after court. There aren't that many bars within walking distance, though this is the third one I've tried.\" He pushes the signed receipt back across the bar, and offers out a hand to help her down. \"Let me take you home.\" \"No. I don't want to go home,\" she says stubbornly. Just the thought of that huge, cold, white house is enough to turn her stomach at the moment. It's where she built a life with Stuart, and even if she doesn't want that life anymore, she doesn't want the reminder of it, either. Bryan drums his fingers on the bar top. \"We can play this out one of two ways, Lenore. Either we get up and head for the door like the civilized, mature adults we are and no one will notice us leaving at all, or I sling you over my shoulder like you're a kid who missed curfew and we create a huge scene in the process,\" he tells her, and despite his casual tone, she knows it's no empty threat. She slides from her seat and takes his arm – she's irritated that he's telling her what to do, but she's also not sure when the floor decided to slant to a forty-five degree angle, so holding onto him is a matter of necessity. \"My car's on 8th street,\" she tells him when he guides her to his car, parked just outside. She wonders how he managed that. She only hopes it didn't involve any damage to property or persons. \"Yeah, well, we'll worry about that tomorrow,\" he answers dryly, and he shuts the passenger door behind her. They drive in silence, and it's when they pull onto the interstate that she starts crying. It just suddenly hits her like a fist to the gut, the finality of it all, the closing of the chapter of this part of her life. It's been months and months of fighting, of lawyers, and she's so exhausted and so relieved it's finally over. But the thought that she has to start all over again is equally as tiring, and it's sad, too, to think that the last year is what she'll think about when she thinks of Stuart. They were happy, once, but it seems so long ago she can scarcely remember what it felt like. She wishes she could go back, or forward a year to when she doesn't hurt as much, or just anywhere but here, feeling as awful as she does. \"Shit,\" Bryan mutters, shooting her a sidelong glance, and even with her head swimming she laughs through her tears that he can confront a seemingly endless number of thugs completely stonefaced, but the sight of a woman in tears has him completely discomforted. \"I…I didn't bring any tissues, or anything. I'm sorry.\" His hand lands on the back of her head, awkwardly patting her hair even as his gaze returns to the road. \"No, I'm sorry,\" she counters, embarrassed, and she tries to wipe her damp face with shaking fingers – a futile process, as she hasn't stopped crying yet. \"Oh, god, I don't want Kim to see me such a mess.\" \"I told her she could stay with me tonight, that you might need some alone time,\" he reassures her, and she's grateful and dismayed all at once – yes, she doesn't want her daughter to have to see her this way, but at the same time alone time is the last thing she wants at the moment. \"You, ah…you miss him?\" He tries to keep his voice casual, failing miserably in the attempt, and she watches his fingers flex on the steering wheel, drumming out an erratic tune. \"No,\" she sniffles. She had the opportunity, if she had wanted it, one last chance to work things out. When she and Kim came home from Istanbul, Stuart had been horrified to learn of what they had been through, crippled with guilt that he had inadvertently set into motion everything that had happened by cancelling their trip to China. She didn't blame him – not for that – but she hadn't wanted to reconcile, either. Things had gone too far, and she's changed irrevocably now. \"But I'm going to be alone forever, and I don't want that, either.\" He lets out a huff that could be a laugh or could be a sigh, and his hand drops to the back of her neck, squeezing lightly, his thumb rubbing soothing circles against the hinge of her jaw. \"That's not true, Lenny.\" \"It's what Stuart says,\" she points out, and she turns her head to the window as her eyes fill again. They'd both hurled their share of cruel remarks at the other, but that had been one that had cut deep. \"Well, he's wrong. And he's an asshole. I never liked him.\" Now Lenore laughs, the sound shaky through her tears. It isn't a fair assessment – Stuart had been good to her, had adored Kim, for years, but it doesn't hurt to hear at the moment. \"He wasn't too crazy about you, either.\" \"I can live with that,\" he replies dryly. \"But really,\" she presses, with the intensity that only belongs to the very serious and the very drunk, \"I'll be divorced twice before I'm even 45. What does that tell you?\" \"That you have crummy taste in men.\" She glares at him, unamused, and after a sidelong glance over at her, Bryan briefly takes his hands from the steering wheel to hold them up in a gesture of surrender. \"I mean it! You think I'd marry me? No one else did.\" \"Did you ever come close?\" she asks suddenly, quietly. She doesn't know anything about Bryan's romantic life since they divorced. She's never wanted to know about that – she still doesn't, really. He's never mentioned anyone, but then again, before the last year and a half he'd only be around for a handful of weeks at a time, swearing he would make up his absences to Kim, being an attentive, hands-on father…until the next assignment for the CIA pulled him away and months would pass before he would pop up again. But just because Bryan's never shown up with a woman on his arm doesn't mean there wasn't one, at one point – perhaps at many points. Her stomach twists unpleasantly at the thought, something she knows is completely unfair considering she's the one who just ended a seven year marriage to another man. \"Me?\" he asks, and his hand slips away from the back of her neck. She instinctively grabs it before he can withdraw completely, holding it between her own two hands. His fingertips are callused, his knuckles scarred – she can trace the veins as they trail up his wrists, keeping him alive despite everything they've faced. \"No. You were right about that one. Marriage and the CIA don't mix.\" His fingers tighten briefly against hers, a silent apology. She turns it over in her head, unsure if his answer makes her feel better or worse, if she hates the idea of another woman in his life more than she hates the thought of him spending the last decade alone. It had been far too easy in Istanbul to be swept up in the wave of renewed affection when things had been so harrowing. When he'd held her and promised that she was safe – that more importantly, Kim was safe – Lenore had been certain she had never loved him more. At that moment, she had been certain that nothing mattered more than that feeling did, that any obstacle would be inconsequential in light of having him again. And she'd known by the way he'd clutched her to him, his hand in her hair, cheek pressed to the top of her head, that he'd felt the same. In the familiarity of California, though, things had become so much more muddled. She remembers the mess they made of things the first time around; she wonders if she spent so many years resenting him and seething in anger that maybe the pendulum has just swung too far the other way now that he's around again, and if she just has to wait it out before she settles into comfortable apathy. She questions if she's just lonely, and afraid, and he's here , the way she wanted him to be years ago, and she tells herself how much it would hurt Kim, if they were to try again and fail. Sure, the biggest issue had been his job, and he's retired from that now, but she wonders if she can ever make peace with the fact that he chose the CIA over her and Kim. It's been years and years since then, but it still aches in the center of her chest when she thinks about it. Maybe she'll never forgive him that choice. And even if she could untangle her own confusing thoughts and feelings, she has no idea where he stands. He may have saved her life and turned a city upside down to do it, but there's a huge distance between wanting someone to be alive and wanting to be with them. No matter how he felt about her personally, he would have done what he did in Istanbul simply because she was Kim's mother. Maybe he's just thrilled at the idea of finally amicably co-parenting, and she's reading things that aren't even there. It's there for her, though. Regardless of how long it stays around or if he feels it in return, that old flame that she'd thought long extinguished is burning, and she doesn't know what to do with it. He pulls up to the looming mansion, throwing the car into park before coming over to her side to help her out. She doesn't realize how much she needs the help until she tries to stand, and her legs wobble like jelly beneath her. He puts an arm firmly around her waist for support, and she sags against the solidity of his chest. \"It's all right,\" he soothes her as she grasps at his shirt to steady herself. Walking up her driveway isn't so different from walking out of that basement in Istanbul – weak-legged, light-headed, trusting that Bryan wouldn't let her fall. The major difference is that she's far more embarrassed this time, much more conscious of how it's her own fault this time that she's in this state. \"I'm sorry. I don't mean to be such a wreck,\" she tells him, as she digs for her key. He leans over to peer in her purse, to help her search, and their heads bump lightly. \"It's all right. It's a tough thing,\" he replies, and she manages to not hang on the irony of the fact that he would only know that thanks to their own divorce. He cups her cheek in his hand, thumb brushing against the tear tracks left on her face, wiping the salt away with a half-smile on his face. \"You'll be okay.\" Maybe it's the smile, or the sweetness in his eyes, or the warmth flooding her body, or the way that his face is right there… whatever the reason, she kisses him. She had kissed him in Istanbul, too, in that cab in the heat of the moment, suddenly filled with dread that she would never see him again. It had been quick, over before she'd given him a chance to register, much less react, and they hadn't spoken of it after – there had been too many other things to process, but that doesn't mean she's forgotten. Though, she admits, this is probably the worst time to try a reprisal. It may not be the ideal circumstances, but times are certainly less dire ; so this time it's slower, and he's less surprised. There's only a fraction of a beat before he kisses her back, almost lazily at first, first her top lip and then the bottom, his thumb still stroking her cheek, and then more thoroughly as his free arm wraps around her back, pulling her close against him. She sighs against his mouth, her fingers sliding to the back of his neck, brushing along the back of his hair. She tilts her head as she parts her lips, and his tongue is hot when it slides along hers. It's been so long since she's been kissed , really kissed as though the other person meant it, that it makes her weak in the knees so that she has to cling to him tighter, her fingertips digging into the solid muscle of his shoulder. There's a fluidity, a naturalness to the way they touch, the way they come together, as though they're simply picking up where they left off ten years ago. It's overwhelming, like all this time she's just been waiting to kiss him again, without even realizing. She pulls back to catch her breath, light-headed and dizzy from more than just booze, and he follows her; he kisses her this time, his arm tight around her shoulders now, fingers wrapped in her hair, and his other hand roaming along her back. She's caught between the front door and his body and she's glad of it, because she isn't entirely sure she'd be able to stand at this point. The rest of the world seems to melt away behind him, but he's solid enough to hold onto, enough to steady her. He drops his lips, pressing an open-mouthed kiss to her throat, and Lenore's breath hitches; she wonders if he can feel her pulse leap, and she moans softly at the contact. It's at that sound that he pulls back, his breath releasing in a sudden rush. His hands go to her shoulders, giving her a tiny push to hold her apart and create some distance between them – not much, but enough. He frowns slightly, his brow furrowed in thought, and the tip of his tongue darts out to swipe along his bottom lip. \"Whew. You're, ah, potent , Lenny. Do me a favor and don't breathe over any open flames, okay?\" Heat rushes to her cheeks in a flush of embarrassment; here she had been thinking how nice it was to kiss him again, and she hadn't even spared a thought about how the smell and taste of vodka is probably rolling off of her in waves. Almost as strong as the desperation , she thinks bitterly. \"Oh, god,\" she mutters. \"I'm so stupid. Sorry.\" She tips her head back against the door, closing her eyes, as though she could will everything away that way. Wasn't it just earlier this evening that she'd tried so hard to not come across 'single and sad'? Why had she thrown that away so easily? He'd kissed her back, though, and how he'd kissed her back – she hadn't imagined that. \"Lenny.\" His voice is gentle, as soft as the chaste kiss he drops on her forehead, so different from the heated ones he'd left on her lips. \"Don't be sorry. Just…not like this, okay?\" \"Okay,\" she agrees in a whisper; it's one of those thing that she knows he's right about, even if she doesn't want him to be. She feels both startlingly sober now and more cloudy-headed than ever, and their relationship – whatever it is – is enough of a minefield on its own, without adding alcohol and newly minted divorce papers to the mix. In the morning, she knows she'll be glad – but the morning seems a far way off, just right then. He nods, brushing a lock of hair behind her ear. He looks like he wants to say something more, but Bryan's never been very good at words – no, he's more a man of action , she thinks wryly – and he lets the moment lie. \"I'll call you tomorrow, see how you're feeling,\" he offers, and she smiles wanly and agrees, and tries to convince herself she didn't just make a total fool of herself. The house is silent when she lets herself in, and she decides at that very moment that she hates it. It's obscenely large; it had been when there were three of them, and now it's just her and Kim, and soon Kim will be off to college and it'll be Lenore on her own. And what does she need with six bedrooms, with four bathrooms? It's full of memories from a life that's over now, and she wants a new beginning, a fresh start. That would be on her agenda tomorrow, after taking the three Advils she's sure she'll need. She hears Bryan's car start up after she flips her bedroom light on. Despite her lingering embarrassment, Lenore smiles. Hours later, everything is dark and the world is quiet when she awakens to the dip in her mattress beside her, the rustle of a sheet before a slim arm slings around her middle. \"Kim?\" she mumbles, keeping her eyes closed in order to not aggravate the headache that – as predicted – is throbbing at her temples. \"I thought you were staying with your father?\" \"I know,\" her daughter whispers back, her cheek pressing against Lenore's shoulder. \"I thought you might need company, though.\" Lenore smiles in the darkness, despite the pain in her head, and her hand closes around Kim's, holding tight. They're two of a kind sometimes, Kim and her – Bryan may have said that Lenore needed 'alone time' but her daughter would know that it wasn't true, not tonight. Neither of them were particularly solitary creatures. \"Thanks, sweetie,\" she whispers, and she sighs heavily. \"I'm sorry to put you through all of this again.\" This , of course, being more upheaval, another divorce, when really all Lenore ever wanted was to make a stable home for Kim, to give her a proper family. When she realized Bryan wouldn't leave his job until the bitter end, she'd looked for that elsewhere, and now it's Lenore who botched it, who brought her daughter a second broken home. \"It's okay,\" Kim whispers. \"We're going to be okay. We have each other.\" It's the best reassurance she's had all day – the only one that really matters, in the end. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Well, I didn't expect to write another piece so soon – WHOOPS! Guess I have this ser"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"in this desert, how we blossom and we cease","Author":"Some Enchanted Evening","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10593190","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I think this is born of my frustration of any thinly written female character, especially when a good actress like Famke Janssen is so awfully under-utilized (it's insult on top of injury!). So here's a little post Taken 2 character exploration, with hopes that the character will be expanded in the third movie! If you enjoy, please take a moment to drop a line! :) Disclaimer: None of the characters or trademarks below belong to me, yada yada, no money is being made on this piece. You know the drill. :) She tries to be strong, for Kim. Kim had nightmares every night when she first came home, nightmares that had Lenore curled around her in the bed until dawn finally broke in the morning, nightmares that were finally starting to go away that now rear their heads again. She'd take them away if she could, but it's a comfort to have Kim slip beneath the sheets as though she's six again. It is easier to stay awake and wait for Kim's nightmares, than to fall asleep and have her own – the knife biting into her throat, the tang of her own blood in her mouth, the sour breath in her face, the terrible images her mind had conjured of what might have become of her daughter. When Kim leaves for college at the end of the summer, when they bundle her up and send her an hour up the coast (and could Lenore ever bear to send her further away again when even this distance felt wrong?), the bed, the house – it all feels too big, too cold and empty, with her footsteps echoing off the tile and reverberating back to her. She thinks about selling it, but it's been Kim's home for ten years, and she fought Stuart so hard for it that it seems wrong not to keep it now. That fight had been easily won after they returned from Istanbul – things with Stuart in general became easier after he heard from Lenore's mother what had happened halfway across the world. He'd pulled Lenore to him with one arm, Kim with the other, and whispered that he was sorry, how glad he was that they were okay, and it had been as though the last terrible year of fighting and lawyers and threats had never happened. The last time Lenore had seen him, they had been screaming at one another at the top of their lungs; seeing them again, he'd held them and promised everything would be all right, as though he could make it so. Perhaps he wishes they could go back – he had hovered for nearly a month, stopping by unexpectedly to check in on the two of them, and it reminds Lenore that he did love them both, once. But it also reminds her of how sharply her life has been divided into before and after, how little sense his world of white picket fences and cocktail parties makes to her now. Stuart is whole and Lenore is fractured, and they'll never fit together again. Her captors had called her brave. Bryan had, too, her hand clasped in his as the taxi raced towards Kim at the embassy, you were brave, Lenny. She hates it, because it doesn't feel true; she hates it, because she doesn't know what it means. Is she brave because she didn't die – or would she have been braver if she had? Is she brave because she forces herself forward, makes herself go to work with a scarf around her neck to hide the scar on her neck? It's a small mark, and she's overreacting, but she's terrified of someone asking about it, of having to explain how not-brave she was – how not-brave she still is. She hates the mark for the reminder it is, and yet loves it for being the one scar she can see, compared to the ones she carries inside. When those scars keep her awake at night, pacing the floor and mindlessly watching infomercials until the next day begins and it's time to do it all over again, Lenore doesn't feel very brave at all. Bryan notices right away – of course he does, those are the very things he is trained to look for, weaknesses, fissures, places where a person might falter and Lenore is full of them now. He drives them to visit Kim one Saturday and Lenore's asleep in the passenger's seat before they've left the driveway, her head slumped against the window. When she wakes up as they pull on campus, Bryan's watching her with the same scrutinizing expression she used to hate so much, the one that used to make her feel like a suspect or target rather than his wife. \"What?\" she snaps, cringing even as she speaks at how on edge she sounds. It doesn't faze him. \"You're tired,\" he replies, in that gravelly voice of his, and she manages to bite back no shit, Bryan as he reaches over and swipes a thumb over her cheekbone, smearing the concealer she caked on to cover the circles under her eyes, because the last thing she wants to do is worry Kim. She tells him it doesn't matter, and she opens the door. He comes over for dinner the next night, and they struggle to find their footing without Kim's presence balancing them. It's heavy, what's between them. It's never been easy, because some people end a marriage because they fall out of love and some people end a marriage because it hurts too much to stay in it, and their case has always been the latter. She'll never forget the look in his eyes when they put the knife to her throat, the way a moment's glance had spoken of a thousand regrets and sorrows and apologies. She'll never forget that even in her darkest moment, she never, ever doubted he'd come back for her. She'd been afraid that they would kill him, or kill her, or kill them both – and most of all, worst of all, that they would find and hurt Kim – but when she was told she'd simply been left behind, she'd known it wasn't true. He looks out of place in the kitchen, on the couch, the way he always does in this house. Lenore pours them some wine and he flips the television to Law & Order; she's reminded how much he enjoys that show, and how annoying she used to find it that he figures out who the culprit is in the first ten minutes and always announces it to the room. But now all she thinks is that it's better than infomercials, and there's something charming in his smile when he makes his guess. He's right, of course. In this arena, Bryan usually is. She doesn't realize she's falling asleep until she feels Bryan take the wine glass from her hand before he wrapping an arm around her shoulders, pulling her against the breadth of his chest. She murmurs a half-hearted protest, even as she sinks into the comfort of being embraced. \"It's okay,\" he says, his voice a soothing rumble against her cheek, his hand cradling the back of her head. \"You're okay, Lenny.\" She wishes he would stop saying that. She thinks he wants it so badly to be true – not just for her, but for Kim, for the three of them together. She can't fault him for that, for being the person he is – orderly, direct, with little understanding of how messy emotions can be. When Bryan sees a problem, he wants to solve it or eliminate it, but that's his world – not hers, and certainly not Kim's. But it's the first night she sleeps through since arriving home, the two of them cramped on the couch. When Lenore wakes up, she wonders if that had been his plan in inviting himself over all along. Kim calls her every night. Lenore doesn't tell Bryan. Kim calls him a few times a week, as well, and sometimes he'll put her on speaker as their daughter fills them in about classes and clubs, about roommates and reading assignments, as though she is any other college student. She says the things that she knows her father will want to hear, the things that she thinks will ease his mind, and Bryan, desperate to believe, clings to her chatter. When Kim calls Lenore, sometimes they don't speak for long stretches of time; many times, Kim asks in a whisper so her roommate won't hear if Lenore will stay on the line until Kim falls asleep. Just hearing one another breathing on either end of the line is comforting, and Lenore waits until she hears the deep, even cadence before she hangs up the phone. \"Do you think it'll ever feel normal again?\" Kim asks her one night, and she doesn't have to ask what it means – life. Love. Everything. \"I don't know, sweetie,\" Lenore answers honestly, and with no small amount of guilt – she should be that semblance of normalcy for her daughter, that rock in the storm, that's her job as a mother, but Lenore's still trying to figure out this new world, too. But Kim's breath releases on a rush of relief, and Lenore thinks it must be nice to hear something else other than you're okay . Perhaps instead Kim wanted to know it was all right to be not-okay. They're not-okay and not-brave; they're survivors, and that counts for something. Bryan takes her to the shooting range. \"I hate guns,\" Lenore reminds him – she does, has as long as she can remember, but the feeling intensified when she married him. She had been so afraid a gun would take him away from her, from Kim…and for a long time, it had, just not in the way she had most feared. \"I know,\" he says in that maddeningly calm way of his, the way that says he's decided the best course and everyone else should fall in line. \"I just think it would make you feel better if you knew how to fire one.\" He'd wanted to teach her twice before, when they first married and he was gone so much, and then when they divorced and she had custody of Kim. Not everyone solves their problems with bullets, Bryan , she had told him, but now she wonders if he maybe had a point. She hadn't had access to a gun in Istanbul, but maybe she would have felt better knowing that all she needed was one in her hands. The feeling of utter helplessness, of being at the mercy of the men who held her, is the hardest thing to reconcile. She wonders what the instructors at the range think, when they approach to help and Bryan waves them away. The recoil on the first shot takes her completely by surprise; she doesn't even come close to the target, and the gun nearly falls from her hands. She flinches. \"Here,\" Bryan says, and he steps behind her, his hands closing around hers. \"Make sure to hold steady.\" To her surprise, she likes the feeling of the cold metal in her grip, the rush of power the release of the trigger gives her. Even more, she likes the feeling of Bryan's solid presence behind her, and most of all she likes the feeling of his body beneath her hands when they go back to her house and fuck in the kitchen against the counter, in the shower with the water running over them, in the bed still sopping wet, like two drowning people clinging to each other for salvation. It's strange, the way it is different and the same all at once after so many years; it's a bit scary, how easily they fall back into a cadence with one another. It's felt inevitable for awhile, but they've managed to dance around the edge of propriety for an impressively long time – not quite exes anymore, but calling it 'friends' hadn't felt right either. They've been in the inbetween for so long that it feels good to finally cross that line, as ill-advised as it may prove to be. But then, she ran away from him so far and so fast that it really is no surprise that she ricocheted and crashed back into him. She should have seen it coming. She's exhausted afterwards, as though she's wrung out, and she shivers as the sweat on her body starts to cool. It feels good on a primal level, too – she hasn't had sex in nearly a year, and it's been even longer than that since it was any good, anything other than perfunctory. Every muscle in her body is blissfully relaxed as she rests her cheek against Bryan's chest, listening to his still rapid heartbeat as he runs furrows through her damp hair with his fingers while they both catch their breath. In the morning she'll wonder how she could have done something so stupid, but at the moment all she is aware of is how every nerve ending still hums with latent pleasure. \"Shit,\" the word rushes out of her lips as she exhales, and Bryan lets out a bark of laughter, his hand sliding down to encase the ball of her shoulder. \"Oh my god.\" She means it as a good thing, but she can't help but notice the way his fingers tighten around her, like she's going to run again, like he'll need to stop her. It should make her feel trapped. Somehow it makes her feel safe. \"I have to go to Slovakia for three days next week,\" Bryan tells her one morning. \"Visiting dignitaries, apparently.\" Mornings waking up together are becoming more and more frequent, and Lenore can see the ways he is trying to subtly sneak into the crevices of her life – his toothbrush and razor in the bathroom, his shirts in the empty dresser drawer. He thinks she hasn't noticed but she has, and she's already decided she likes it, that it's comforting, so she lets him go on thinking he's fooling her. Lenore smiles into her pillow. \"I'm not going,\" she says, and to her surprise, laughter bubbles from her lips. She's never laughed at anything even vaguely related to Istanbul. A psychiatrist would probably tell her she was crazy for doing so now, but it makes her feel better. Bryan's surprised too, but he laughs as well, and if it doesn't feel quite like healing it is at least on that road. \"You'll be careful, won't you?\" she asks, and it's back again, that twist of worry in the pit of her belly that was her constant companion when they were married. She had never stopped worrying, not completely – he's Kim's father, and she loves him. But when she didn't know where he was, what he was doing, it was easier to push that fear to the back of her mind, and now it rears its head again, reminding her that he might seem invincible at times but that doesn't make it so. \"I'm not the one who will need to be careful,\" he jokes, the corner of his mouth quirked up in a teasing smile. But she doesn't see the amusement in his face when she looks at him just then, but the scars on his hands and arms, the way he stands and stretches stiff muscles, the way he moves just a bit slower than he used to, the bit that could make all the difference. \"Bryan,\" she pleads, and her voice catches in her throat, her chest heavy. She wishes he would do something else, anything less dangerous, but she knows he never will. He's there for Kim now in a way he never was when she was a little girl, and that's all Lenore can fairly ask. She learned the first go around that she can't change who he is. The best she can hope for is that he'll try and be safe. \"Hey,\" he says gently, perching beside her on the bed. \"This is nothing, Lenny. I promise.\" He leans down, his lips grazing her bare shoulder, and she clings to those words – Bryan hasn't always done what she's wanted him to do, but he doesn't promise easily, and he never goes back on those promises when they really count. \"Good,\" she answers quietly. \"Kim needs you.\" He smiles, and Lenore knows how much it means to hear that. For so many years, she coped with his absences by telling herself – and him, when she was especially angry – that Kim was better off without him popping in and out of her life on a whim. Once Stuart came into the picture, it had been even easier to believe. \"I need you,\" she adds softly, before she can stop herself. She watches him swallow, his brow furrowed in thought as he smoothes her hair off her face. \"I love you, Lenny,\" he tells her quietly, and she feels that last wall, that last bit of resistance, melt away. She may very well be making an awful mistake, but it certainly wouldn't be her first. \"You and Kim…that's all that matters to me.\" It's good to have a few days alone with Kim. They vacation in the backyard, lying arm to arm in the big hammock strung up by the pool. It may not be Europe, but Lenore, at least, has lost her passion for traveling. She suspects it will likely be the same for Kim, but despite the odds, she hopes not – Lenore has had a lifetime to see the world, and her little girl should know there is more good out there than bad past the expanse of her backyard. \"I don't know if I can go back,\" Kim tells her softly, and Lenore frowns. \"To school?\" \"They're all so…different from me,\" Kim murmurs. \"I feel like I'm pretending, and they can all see right through me.\" \"Oh, sweetie,\" she answers, her heart breaking in her chest as she curls an arm around her daughter, pulling her close. They used to lie this way when Kim was little, but she's all grown up now, grown and hurting, raw around the edges where her trust has been worn away. \"You are the bravest person I know. Think of everything you've been through. You can handle college.\" She tips Kim's face up, pressing a kiss against her forehead. \"And everyone sees what I see – a beautiful, accomplished, intelligent woman that they would be lucky to know. What you've been through is always going to be a part of you, honey. But it doesn't define you, and others certainly can't see it on your face.\" She isn't sure if Kim believes her, but she at least agrees to give it another semester. Oddly enough, it's the first time Lenore believes herself, and the next day she doesn't wear the silk scarf to work. If she expects Kim to face the world head on, the least she can do is the same. They decide to surprise Bryan again, but at baggage claim at the airport this time. It warms Lenore's heart to see the way Bryan's face lights up when he sees Kim, the smile that breaks out across Kim's face as she hurries over to hug her father. It's the same expression he wore when she used to bring Kim as a small child. She wonders if anyone ever came for him in the years between, or if it had been an endless brigade of lonely arrivals. Over Kim's head, she meets his eye and there's a sort of silent understanding that passes between them, that they'll leave Kim in the dark until they're on more solid ground. Lenore suspects it won't last long – not with Bryan, who works in such absolutes and certainties, and Lenore has always been a terrible liar herself. And in so many ways, they're already too late; Kim's been looking at them with undisguised hope in her face since they met Bryan in that hotel in Istanbul, perhaps even since she asked Lenore what it felt like to fall in love. She's seen more than any girl her age should have to bear in an entire lifetime, but she's still like any child of divorce, waiting for her parents to realize they've made a horrible mistake and set things right. \"It was uneventful,\" Bryan tells them as they head for the sliding glass doors, wheeling his suitcase with one hand, his other arm slung around Kim's shoulders. \"Which suits me just fine. I could do with more assignments like that.\" Lenore snorts. \"If only,\" she says dryly. They go to dinner, the three of them, at a small dinner off the freeway. They feel like a family, but strangely, not their family, the way they used to be. Bryan had been gone so often and returned so unexpectedly that family dinners hadn't been the norm when Kim was little. It's different, like how Lenore had wanted it to be fifteen years ago. It's better, even if the road there had been far more harrowing than she had ever expected. He drops them off at home, and Lenore watches him drive away with a sort of hollow feeling in her stomach. It's funny, how she didn't mind seeing him off to the airport, but she misses him already when his car turns the corner off their street. It's the space between necessity and choice – that's what's unbearable. They're home for approximately two minutes before Kim asks, \"What's going on with you and Dad?\" Lenore turns so quickly her heel scrapes the parquet – Stuart would have had a fit if he could have seen, he took so much pride in keeping the enormous house immaculate. \"What do you mean?\" she demands, and even before Kim leaves over the kitchen counter and smirks, she knows her panicked tone has given her away. \"I didn't want to say anything, because I figured you'd tell me once he got back. But I guess that isn't the case. So…\" with a nod of her head, she gestures towards the counter, where a forgotten newspaper lays near the coffee maker, \"we haven't gotten the newspaper delivered in six months because neither of us reads it. And…\" now she goes to the refrigerator, opening it up, \"orange juice with pulp? Ew. Only Dad drinks that.\" She closes the door and turns back to face her mother, a smugly triumphant smile on her face. And deserved, too – she's her father's daughter, no doubt about it, with those same sharper than average skills of perception. The shirts, the razor, the toothbrush, those Lenore had noticed, but the newspaper, the orange juice…those had slipped on by. She could blame Bryan for being careless, but instead she blames herself for being blind. \"Oh, honey,\" she sighs, \"I just don't want you to get your hopes up.\" \"Right,\" Kim agrees, but she's biting her lip to hold back her smile, and it's too late for that, too late for any of them to try and disentangle, really. It's drizzling when they leave to drive Kim back to school – not enough to make for treacherous driving, but just enough that the whole world has a foggy edge about it, nothing quite in focus as they zip along the highway. It's early, and Kim's gone back to sleep in the backseat, her mouth slightly agape and one of her earbuds fallen from her ear. She looks young again, like the world hasn't hurt her beyond measure. Let's keep driving , Lenore wants to say. Just keep going . Maybe the three of them could just disappear into the mist, and maybe on the other side of the rainstorm, things make sense and are easy again. Maybe Kim could keep dreaming of a world where she's just another college freshman, and maybe they can act like they're whole until they believe it themselves. Bryan has one hand on the wheel, and Lenore reaches over, lacing her fingers through his free hand. He squeezes. She knows better, that pretending has its limitations. They're fractured pieces, the three of them, chipped away by trauma and bloodshed, unraveling along with the ticking minutes of the clock. They can never go back – there is only forward, the endless expanse of highway that lies ahead. Their shards fit together, though, into something imperfect but whole. Perhaps that's all that matters. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I think this is born of my frustration of any thinly written female character, espec"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Taken: Audrey's Story","Author":"PianoLove1226","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9278400","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: The Disappearance of Three Friends BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! Ugh….. Stupid alarm clock. I hit the alarm once and it stops beeping its wretched sound. Well better get dressed for school I thought. I quickly put on jeans, a simple orange v-neck, and white converse then I headed out the door. Little did I know that today would be the day that put my survival skills to the test. After walking what seemed like an eternity I finally met up with Jade and Aiden. They have been my friends since we were like two years old. I don't know what I would do without them. \"Hey, Audrey!\" Aiden exclaims. He seems especially jumpy today. Hmmm I wonder what the news could be. \"Hello Aiden,\" I reply rather coldly. Dangit! Better apologize or make up a lie be…. \"Woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning?\" he replies curiously or hurt. \"Yeah, sorry didn't mean to take it out on you. It just…. Umm…. Slipped out?\" I replied. My response sounded more like a question as, if I did not know my answer for sure. He left it at that and Jade and him started a conversation. I was too caught up in thought and did not really engage in conversation. I don't know what it is but something just doesn't feel right. Well try not to ponder on these things for too long. We finally arrived at school. It flew by like a blur, maybe because I didn't really pay much attention in all my classes except for maybe Reading and English. \"Here,\" someone said slapping a piece of paper into my seemingly open hand, \"meet us at the place at 6:30. Don't worry Jade and Aiden will be there. It's just a little party for our senior year.\" They must have seen my confused WTF expression because they had quickly added that Jade and Aiden would be there as well. \"Okay. It's tonight right?\" I asked \"Yep! See you there\" she said. OH! I know who she is. She is Taya Young, most popular girl at school and as far as I know most dated girl at school as well. I used to be apart of her \"crowd\" but I grew tired of their ignorant ways and moved to my little \"reading/nerd group\". Taya and I are still friends or acquaintances. I just don't remember her features all to well because Taya who has blonde curly hair, perfect white teeth, chocolate brown eyes, always has some flashy get up and always changes her style. \"Yep. I will definitely be going! See ya' later Taya\" I responded \"See ya' later Audrey!\" she replied back. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: The Disappearance of Three Friends BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! Ugh….. Stupid alarm clock. I hit th"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"The Neighbour","Author":"AllyHoward","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9348701","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ally Howard 27 th May Neighbour. Prologue; The small tongue of the flame burnt into the matchstick, devouring it, leaving what was once a thin, simple wood, into a black charred nightmare. As she breathed heavily her heart pounded against her chest, the candle flickered out. In the corner of her eye she saw the gloomy silhouette lurking behind her, he was here again. She couldn't run now. Chapter 1, Introduction : The alarm alerted the neighbours as well as Beth; the sharpness cut her from her sleep and ended her ever-lasting dream. Monday. Her worst nightmare, she hated Mondays, she hated school, and she hated life. Could her day get any worse? Possibly. The sunlight peering through her wooden, Ikea blinds pierced straight through her, the room went black until her eyes adjusted. She heard her mum as usual, better get dressed she thought. Beth dragged herself out of her comforting bed and the smell of dampness and drainage hit her like thunder, the neighbour's apartment had flooded again. That's the reason why she wanted to live in a house. As of many other things, she hated living in a flat. She knew how unstable and dangerous a flat can be, trampy, that's what a flat reminds her of. Wallpaper half peeled off, thick hard chewing gum stuck within her half white-half grey carpet. Dust cluttering the air. On the plus side, she only lived on floor 2 so it was amazingly easy to jump from the window in her room when she was grounded. She stood in front of her stained mirror and rolled her skirt down, mum would moan. She was scared of mum, like everybody else in the flat was. Hair up today, she didn't want to make her blonde hair even greasier than it already was. She applied her concealer to hide the evidence that she was up late the night before. Mum hated her staying up late on school nights, she cared so much for her education and every time Beth failed to care as much as her mum cared, her mum would say 'education becomes intelligence'. Beth didn't care at all, she didn't understand why her mum cared so much as well, it's not like she was the teachers' pet. You could notice the excitement in Beth's cheeks; her mum had bought her the latest Betsy bag, perfect. Beth was brought up well and the punishments were always lined up but when it came to rewards Beth was always spoilt. It did seem fair as she was the only child she was the only one her mum had to pay for. She smiled at herself in the mirror; the sun reflecting off her eyes made them a deep blue colour. Beth wasn't the cleanest neat freak but when it came to appearance she was spick and spam, she cared too much on judgements and thoughts by other people. Breakfast time, Beth wasn't really a fussy eater, in fact she wasn't an eater at all, Beth was the skinniest in her class, eight and a half stone is adequate for a fifteen year-old. On the plus side, she was the tallest in her class and everybody wanted her on their sports team. Beth poured the semi-skimmed milk into her chipped bowl of cornflakes, the milk was warm. The fridge had broken again, as her mum would say 'more money down the drain'. Beth couldn't make herself realise that in ten minutes she would be leaving for school, but still staying up late wasn't a bad decision, in Beth's spare time she would sit in her room and spy on the new neighbours across the road with the binoculars her granddad bought her last Christmas. She loved discovering new secrets and catching up with the latest gossip in and out of school. She used to listen to Mrs and Mr Smith fighting late at night until Mrs smith left, well she never saw her leave but only Mr smith leaves the apartment now a days. Beth scribbled random numbers on her answer sheet and poured water on it so the ink would spill, perfect excuse for no homework. For once she was leaving her phone at home, it got confiscated last week and mum wasn't too pleased with her, anyway it had low battery and her charger is lost among all the mess in her mum's room, unlike Beth her mum is very untidy and lazy when it comes to house work. Beth kissed her mum goodbye then left; her mum was working late tonight. This meant Beth could invite her friends round for a while until her mum came home. Chapter 2, School: Beth scurried down the cold metal stairs and rushed out of the flat, she'd miss her bus otherwise. She speed-walked down her road and out of her mum's sight, she rolled her skirt back up and applied another layer of concealer, Beth was a sneaky one. Joshua left his house as well; he lived on the same road as Beth, in primary they used to walk together but they were so caught up in talking that they were late every Friday and we all know how Friday drags, with an extra thirty minutes I don't think anybody would want to talk anymore, don't you? Beth crossed the road to talk to him until her bus came, 'I don't suppose you did the homework?' She asked hoping he'd say no. With no surprise he did do the homework AND extra homework! Beth would definitely be staying behind after school today, she hated the goons that would always do their homework on time without fail, 'who has time for that?' She accidently said aloud. She could tell by Joshua's face that he was uncomfortable with how she reacted. She'd better go to the bus stop now she thought. The bus still isn't here, Beth could've walked to school by now but she had to be lazy and wait for a bus. The old man sitting next to her the other day had a cough, the one thing Beth hates about buses, they're so cramped and everybody's always either coughing or sneezing over you. Beth was overly hygienic; if her mum was ready she'd usually get a ride in her convertible. She loved showing off the expensive things her mum would've spent ages saving up for. Finally, the bus was here. The doors slowly opened and again Beth smelt dust, it was hard for her to breathe especially because of her asthma. She sat in the disabled seat hoping a disabled person wouldn't get on, the bus was now full and she'd have to stand up. Beth was sitting next to what she reckoned was a Mexican man, to Beth his face seemed familiar but she couldn't put her finger on it, she thought he might've been in her neighbours house once, maybe he's a builder or a plumber. This was her stop, she ringed the bell. She had a weird habit of feeling the bumps that would indicate to blind people they're finger is on the bell. Beth got off the bus; the noise of children was too loud. She hated the noise of out of control children. She hated it with a passion. Now it was time to fight her way through a thousand children just to get to the entrance. Crowded. You can say that again, Beth almost struggled standing up let alone getting to the entrance. Pinching herself wasn't working, she was in school, and she was in hell. Everybody always used to point out how Beth was always depressed but now they realised, the new cover teacher drives everyone mad. One thing everybody hates is a cover teacher, a lost puppy trying to tell them what to do and what not to do, he didn't know them, he didn't know what they'd be learning but yet he takes over, unorganised, disgusting. Beth emptied her half-chewed equipment on her desk and laid her bag on the floor for display. Bearings, perfect lesson for a perfect day. Mr Prince snapped at her, he could tell that by her shrug that she didn't want to be here either. Nobody really wanted to, not even the teachers. As Mr Prince yacked on about his social life Beth sneakily pulled her mirror out of her bag, not a hair out of place as usual. The bell rang, like a pack of wolves all the students scavenged towards the canteen. Beth decided to eat alone, she wasn't up for socialising today. As Beth ate her lunch she couldn't help but think of what her neighbour would be doing at this current moment, she was fascinated by his life. He seemed weird and her mother told her to stay away from him, Beth didn't really see the harm in speaking to your neighbour, is there anything wrong with that? Beth did understand where her mum was coming from, he did seem a bit creepy and all. She once cleaned his garden for him and all he did was sit and watched if he had time to watch then why not have time to do it himself? But Beth didn't complain, if making a tenner out of picking up a few bottles worked then he could watch all he liked. Beth loved break times, she had a whole hour to sit and have her own thinking time, and at home it was always so distracting. All of the teachers were concerned about Beth but nobody really understood. She didn't want to make friends, she wasn't bullied, and she was just more of an independent person. Beth hated planning parties and going out with her 'mates', she liked to listen to music in her room and write in her diary, just keeping everything to herself. To everyone else in her school Beth was just the girl in the corner, the shy one. Beth wasn't shy at all and she absolutely hated the fact that everybody thought they knew it all when really they knew nothing about her. She loves drama and mysteries; she loves Martina Cole books and sleeping in complete darkness. She wasn't weird just didn't like noisy places, to even it all out she didn't like making friends. It has only been ten minutes and Beth already felt like she wanted to die, three more hours of complete nothing, rehearsing things she's already learnt before. It wasn't her fault that she learnt nothing new, every time the teacher says something it just goes out the other ear, she just completely shuts off. Forty-five more minutes before hell again. Beth opened her eyes, Sheeple, that's all she saw. People trying to please other people, thinking about the past and what's going to happen in the future instead of living in the now. She didn't understand how people can be so stuck up in boys and love and whatnot. I guess it just isn't her cup of tea. Half an hour left and nothing to do again, sometimes she'd get so caught up in her thoughts that she wouldn't even notice the things going on around her, it all became a blur. Beth sighed; she didn't want to go to second period. Does she have to? What great fun. Yay. Another two hours wasted in her life, time is life and all she's doing is throwing it away. She was thinking of signing up for a job, to earn some money. Pocket money isn't enough these days, not with what it's worth anyway. She wasn't looking for anything too effort taking, she just wanted a newspaper round or cleaning her neighbours garden now and then. She just needed money, but she didn't want to do the dirty work in order to get it if you know where she's coming from. Maybe house cleaning, this was a good idea for her because she's close with all the neighbours on the block so they'd probably say yes and might even pay extra. Hmm…who to ask? Definitely the new neighbour and Mr Smith. This way she can catch up on even more gossip and maybe find out where Mrs Smith went. Also, she'd need to find out all of the neighbour's names, maybe she can ask them to write their name, address and how much they paid her on a form. Great way to get away with being inquisitive, now she'd find out the new neighbours name. She thought he'd be a Paul or a Steve, maybe an Owen? The exasperating bell struck like a light of thunder again, better dash. Uh-Oh worst lesson ever, Science. She absolutely despises Science, you might be thinking by now that Beth dislikes a lot of things in life, well actually English was her inspiration. Beth used to always write mini novels and scenes of her dream life, she was inspired by the fact that when her pen reached the paper it could turn into anything she wanted. Beth opened the creaky door and took a seat right at the back where it was nice and cool; she sat below the air conditioner. At least it wasn't hot and stuffy like her old science class, well if you can call it that. When the new building was taking place the whole school was under chaos, all the classes had been moved and packed boxes were everywhere, there was hardly any room for Beth's science class so they had their lessons in the cleaning room. It reminded Beth of the dry cleaners, full of damp clothes and a weak bleach smell. Beth always analyses things, whether it was the specks of dirt on the outside of her bedroom window or what her science class smelt like. She examined everything like a robot, she didn't have a reason for it at all, and she just does it. Great, this isn't sarcastic. Beth's doing an experiment, no real lesson for an hour. They had to neutralise acids and alkali's not the best lesson but at least she listened to the instructions otherwise she'd have to see the headmaster again. The headmaster was like a massive shadow lurking over your shoulder, watching every movement you make. You'd expect the headmaster to be nice and kind seeing as she is a lady but no she has the blood of a monster, heartless cow. Beth grabbed the glass of Hydrochloric acid and poured the universal indicator to the substance, blood red. She learnt about the pH scale last lesson, if it was pure red; it was highly dangerous and very acidic. She knew she needed an alkali, a strong one. She analysed the alkalis, and clawed the bottle of drain cleaner, perfect. Her teacher told her to use the pipette and add it drop by drop, who had time for that? She took the spoon from her teachers' desk and poured the alkali in. She added too much. Big mistake. She saw a cloud of deep purple slowly form in her substance, now she needed some acid. Actually she needed to finish her art homework for next period. Berth pulled out a half drawn girl from her bag, the edges had crumpled up. Oh well. 'You got a pencil Jimmy?' She asked, she knew a goon like that would probably have ten spare. He handed her a pencil feeling privileged that Beth Lawson asked him for a pencil! Ugh, weirdo she thought. The charcoal pencil added reflection to her work and the thickness of the pencil added a great improvement, her teacher would love it. She added more depth to the shadow on her face and quickly hid it under the table as her teacher walked past. Phew! That was a close one. Anyway class was over now, her teacher was appalled at the state of her substance. Beth drew an evil grin, she didn't care how many times he'd ask her to improve. She wasn't changing anything for anyone. She dragged her aching feet to her art class, she wanted to go home. 'Homework!' Miss Gilroy viscously snapped at the class. Like a fragile thread of string the whole class hesitated, they all pulled out their homework but only one caught Miss Gilroy's eye. 'Beth, bring your homework to the front so I can take a closer look.' Uh-oh, from where the charcoal had only recently met her sugar paper it has smudged in her bag and her whole work looked like a massive puddle of black oil. 'And what do you call this, Beth?' Miss Gilroy raised her eyebrow and lowered her small thin glasses onto her crooked nose, Beth hesitated for a split second. 'Uh, well can't you see miss, its art?' Miss Gilroy smiled 'ahh'. Surprisingly she loved her new art work, she said to Beth that she'd send a report to her mother on how excellent she'd been working this year. Beth really didn't have a clue what was going on, did she really find her smudged five minute art work (if you could even call it that)…nice? Well Beth knew what she'd be doing for the next homework. Miss Gilroy put Beth's work on the visualizer, the awkward silence filled the air then everybody daggered at Beth. Eyes all on her, no sound just eyes. Beth pulled an awkward smile and the whole class applauded her work, they could tell Beth didn't put an effort in. Well, being in at least one of Beth's classes you'd know she never makes an effort with anything. Well, she isn't complaining, having mum buy her a new Betsy bag for her report is perfect! Only thirty minutes left until home time! Yes. Well, it isn't all good she's going to spend her free time cleaning her neighbour's houses and pulling out weeds. Chapter 3, Hometime: Better get home she thought. Beth hurried out of the school building, the quicker she got out the better. This is what basically everybody thought about school, they didn't want to spend more time in it when they could be getting out. Beth decided to run home instead of getting the bus, she couldn't be bothered to wait for it and as usual there would be a massive huddle of savages cramping the bus. The one thing she hated most. As she was running she was deciding who she'd ask first, she was going to go home and change into shorts and a vest top (it was too hot to be wearing school uniform) and then ask the new neighbour. Finally she'd find out what his name was! The thrill of finding out his name was incredible; the adrenaline rushed through her body and speeded up her pace. Now she was running faster than she's ever run before, her heart was thumping, almost as if it would pop out of her chest and onto the cemented pavement. Her hair was swaying left to right behind her and her school shirt was sticking to her sweaty back. Her neck started to ache; she stopped for a moment before she'd carry on again. She drew her asthma pump from her blazer pocket, gasped for air then continued. She could see her flat from here by now; this made her run even faster knowing that it was just a few metres away. Her knee high socks had fallen down to her ankles and her Betsy bag kept slipping off her shoulder which held her back a couple times. Finally. She was home. She opened her bag to get her key; her mum wasn't in so she brought her key today. Beth rummaged through all her belongings to find that her key had fallen out, great. She peered down the road, if it was near the sun would reflect off of it and create a sparkle. It wasn't down her road and by now it's probably been picked up, to even make the situation worse her mum wouldn't be back until ten tonight. Beth unbuttoned her shirt a little, seeing as she wasn't getting changed anytime soon she might as well make do with her uniform. She took her blazer off and stuffed it into her tiny bag. Hmm…She decided to go to the new neighbour and ask him whether she could clean his house for some money hoping he'd say yes and by seeing how hot she was possibly get her a drink. She stepped on his lawn, his grass was emerald green and the flowers were blossoming. Beth walked over to his door and knocked on his surprisingly heavy door knocker. About five seconds after the door swung open as if he'd been waiting at his door for someone to knock. Beth hesitated then quietly asked 'I don't suppose you'd want me to clean your house for you?' He looked her up and down and in a deep voice said 'Oh, come on in then darling'. Beth thought it was going to be awkward but they had a deep conversation on why she wanted to raise money. For the Betsy bag of course, he looked at Beth weirdly seeing as she was wearing the newest one and another one hasn't came out yet. Beth knew but she wanted to save up for when it does come out. Beth looked around, his house was spotless so she wouldn't be getting a lot of money for trying to clean it more. 'I don't mean to sound nosy and all but do you mind me asking your name?' The man smiled, 'I thought it was about time I introduced myself; Phil Fallons, yours?' Beth paused for a second then told him her name, she didn't really like her name. Well Elizabeth is her real name but Beth was better than that. Chapter 4, As clear as water: She was handed the polish Beth started cleaning his already clean house. She started in his living room noticing the picture on the wall, it was of him with a woman who looked like his wife and then two small children. If he's married then where's his wife and children, Beth decided not to ask in case he had relationship problems. She polished the slate window sill, he had a telescope pointing out of his window. Beth loved astronomy and stars, maybe he did too? 'Why don't you rest? You've had such a long day at school and after losing your key you must be pretty stressed?' Beth was pleased on how considerate he was before noticing that she never told him about losing her key. Oh well she thought, maybe it might of slipped out. Beth sat on his sofa and drunk what looked like lemonade he recently handed her. Because Phil was so nice maybe he'd give her a lot of money, fingers crossed. Beth moved on to the kitchen, there was two cups in the sink so she washed them up for Phil and started mopping the marble floor. By the real gold antiques Beth knew that Phil was filthy rich so she decided that she would only clean his house after school because he'd probably pay more than any other neighbour. Phil was happy with what Beth had done so far and he told her to start in the passage. On the left hand wall there was a massive built-in mirror along the whole wall up until the staircase. Beth started polishing it, it'd take a while for Beth to finish but she didn't mind because she was too concentrated on how much she'd earn if she did this every day for the whole week. She still didn't realise why he needed her to clean his house, maybe he felt sorry for her because he could tell she needed money. Phil's house was immaculate, no rips or tears in the wallpaper, pure white fluffy carpet, chandeliers in every single room. What else could you ask for? Beth understood why it was so clean, he was living by himself. Beth finished polishing the big mirror and then went to go in the room at the end of the passage to clean it. As she walked down the passage she heard running down the stairs, it was Phil. 'this room doesn't need to be cleaned Beth so please don't go near it, thanks'. That was odd, none of the rooms needed to be cleaned but he still told her to. Beth apologised and started sweeping his stairs, they were covered in a creamy gold carpet with gold lacing all over it. Beth couldn't help but notice that the carpet grippers were pointing out of his carpet. It wasn't really a big deal but if she lived there she would've had to get it sorted out, but that's just her. Beth continued sweeping the nothingness into the pan. She noticed how soft the carpet was and laid down for a few seconds, she was tired. Her eyes flickered shut and she drifted off. Phil boiled the kettle for her and himself, he thought it was the least he can do after all her effort she'd put in. He called her to the kitchen; nobody answered. Phil panicked, he knew she'd go into the room, he knew it! He ran out into the corridor and smiled to find she had just dozed off and nothing bad had actually happened. He stood there for a few minutes waiting for Beth to wake up but instead he thought it would be better to carry her into the lounge to rest for a while. He leant over to pick Beth up but needn't worry because she woke up. Beth felt uncomfortable waking up seeing Phil right in her face so she questioned him about what he was about to do. After he told her she was still unsure about staying there so she made up an excuse about her mother coming home soon so she'd drink her tea then go home. Phil poured the boiling water into the cup she washed up previously. 'Three sugars' Beth commanded. Phil smiled, 'Sweet tooth, ay?' Beth shyly giggled at his comment then sipped at her tea. The sooner she got paid the better. Phil took out his wallet and pulled out £100, Beth couldn't accept this. Phil commanded Beth to take it for all her hard work. 'Are you sure? Your house wasn't even that dirty in the first place?' Phil placed the two fifty pound notes in Beth's hand, 'just take it'. Beth greedily smiled when he turned his back, of course she could take this. Just the right amount she needed. Beth gurgled the last of her tea and left Phil's house with a spring in her step. Beth waited for the cars to drive past then crossed the road and sparkling outside the flats was her set of keys! They had been lingering there the whole time, Beth picked them up and opened the gate to the flat. Now she didn't have to wait for her mum to come home, Beth's school shoes tapped on the glossed stairs as she rapidly ran to the second floor. Home at last. She wasn't really that happy to be home considering she'd just been in Phil's house, her 'house' (if you could call it that) wasn't anywhere near as good as his was. Chapter 5: There's no place like home: Beth forced the key in and stiffly turned it, the door flung open. She stepped inside to what her loving mother had left her, a pile of mess. It didn't seem fair for Beth because she was spending time cleaning other people's house for money then she comes home to more mess that she'd be cleaning up for nothing. Great. Beth stuffed the humongous pile of clothes into her washing machine and as she added powder it spilt over the floor. She would've had a cup of tea or something but just reminded herself that the fridge had broken and the milk would've gone off by now. She played some music to get her into the mood then started washing up the filthy plates and mugs from last night, now she wished she didn't leave Phil's house. Beth made do with the cold water and fairy liquid to clean the dishes, mum forgot to pay the gas again. The water turned a dark murky colour, Beth's hands wrinkled up. Her kitchen smelt of her science room, damp and dirty. Beth didn't bother drying up, her work had been done for the day. She moved the piles of magazines from the wooden table to on top of her refrigerator. The thin lining of cheap plastic-wood was peeling off of her table; mum had probably spilt beer on it and was so drunk to remember. The bleach white table cloth folded up in the corner caught Beth's eye, she unfolded it and swung it over the ruined table. Much better. Beth didn't get why her mum bought so many cleaners and sprays, it's not like she used them. Under her sink there were dozens of metal sprays, polish, window cleaners, bacterial, sink cleaners, drain cleaners and what other rubbish she could get her hands on. Most of them were out of date and the rest weren't even opened yet. Beth took the curtains off the railing and put them into the washing machine, the previous load had finished. She managed to fit all the other used clothes that were lingering over the kitchen floor. Instead she didn't put any washing powder in, she put the powder under her shelf which was too small for it to fit but she managed anyway. It started looking decent and Beth took out her Henry hoover, her Nan had bought it for her a few Christmas's ago and when mum's hoover broke she replaced it with Beth's. She took out the filter which was clumped with dust and tangled hair, along with hair slides and mini sequins from her mum's wardrobe. Beth's mum was overly attached with sparkles and sequins, Beth couldn't think of one piece of clothing that her mum owned without having any sparkly things on it, except her work clothes of course. As she poured the dust into the plastic pound shop bin the dust cluttered the air and filled Beth's lungs. She coughed. Like a volcano exploding, Beth burst open with coughs and splatters. She had a chesty cough, a spiteful sharp one. The sharpness cut, Beth put her hand over her chest, for a minute she had to see if her chest was actually cut. She started panting, whenever she was out of breath her doctor said to take deep breaths, she tried by the phlegm was blocking up her oxygen path. She coughed harder; it felt like her lungs were going to burst open. Beth started to feel really tired, like she'd been drugged. Her surroundings were blurred, she felt light headed. By now she'd already hit the kitchen floor and was unaware of what happened. The tap was still running, flooding the sink, the plates were now floating and water was dripping down her cupboards, she needed to wake up. The water soaked through the carpet, her apartment was now a puddle or a very shallow pool. Beth wasn't going to get up anytime soon, she wasn't asleep. She was unconscious. The water split in separate paths and changed directions; mum would have a large water bill this month. The worse thing about it is that it was eight o'clock and her mum would be back at ten! Like a virus the water spread rapidly flooding everything in it's path, her mum's clothes, her homework; now she'd had a real, honest excuse for not having it. The water reached Beth's hand, it ran in between each finger then beside her arm, she didn't have a clue what was going on at all. Hopefully one of her neighbours would notice that her apartment was flooding and open the door or something. The water has started to drop through the ceiling of Mr Smith's apartment, he ran as fast as he could. Barging everyone out of his way. Mr Smith cared too much about his apartment, he'd already been piled up with bills and he has enough on his plate as it is. He turned the handle, the door was locked. \"Elizabeth?! Stefani!?\" No matter how louder he shouted Beth wouldn't hear him, he had to think fast. He kicked the door once, it shook, he kicked it twice, it cracked at the bottom and water gushed out. He kicked the door the third time, it was forced to the floor. He saw the over-flooded sink and dived towards it, the tap was now off. He perceived Beth knocked out on the floor, her skin was pale white, like the pavement on a snowy winters' day. Mr Smith examined the room for a telephone, he saw Beth's mobile phone on the kitchen table and immediately swooped it. His hands were shaking so much that he dialled '996', he hung up. Hesitating he dialled 999 and whimpered ambulance. He was demanded to stay calm and wait for the ambulance to arrive, which was estimated to take about fifteen to twenty minutes due to busy services. Mr Smith hooked his arms in between Beth's and dragged her out of the water and onto the kitchen table. He performed CPR on Beth, she still wasn't breathing, was this the…end? ","Summary":" Ally Howard 27 th May Neighbour. Prologue; The small tongue of the flame burnt into the matchstick,"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"My script idea","Author":"StephGorringe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9308001","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I have no idea why some of this is bigger then the rest, it must have happened when I was sortiing it out on Word...Stupid thing1 Anyway, enjoy :)- Steph Ext - AIRPORT TERMINAL DROP-OFF POINT - DAY A grey Volkswagen Touran pulls up to the drop-off point and out emerges KARA (in her late teens/ early 20s, about 5'6\" in height, wearing Converse All-star shoes, ripped skinny jeans, a Combichrist T-shirt , a plain black hoodie, a long leather coat and glasses carrying a Slipknot over the shoulder bag), JADE (same age as Kara, but about 5'3\" in height, wearing Converse All-star shoes, skinny jeans, a white blouse, a lime green cardigan and a beige hooded coat carrying a small purple backpack) and JAMES (in his 40s, about 6'3\" in height, wearing Doc Martens, black trousers, black T-shirt and a black bomber jacket) and the trio all walk around to the boot. JADE (Excitedly hugging KARA) I can't believe it, we're finally going to Australia, whoop. KARA I know, I paid for it all! Ooh, don't forget there are some places I'd really like to go to, like AC/DC Lane in Melbourne and pay my respects to Bon Scott and Heath Ledger in Fremantle. JADE Don't forget going to Australia Zoo too. KARA Oh yeah, I forgot, doh. KARA slaps her forehead and pulls a funny face, which makes JADE laugh. JAMES (Opening the boot of the car) Sounds like you two have a bucket list for your trip before going onto the rest of your bucket list. JADE (Getting out her green suitcase) Well, it's more of a to-do list, actually JAMES (Sarcastically) Oh I'm sorry, beat me. KARA gently punches JAMES on the shoulder before picking up her turquoise suitcase out of the boot of the car. JAMES then closes the boot and assists JADE and KARA with putting their suitcases onto the pavement. JAMES Well, enjoy yourselves in Australia. Kara, don't forget to send me a post card too. KARA I will dad. I'll make sure I'll send one from every place we visit. JAMES Also, stay out of trouble and don't talk to strangers. JADE rolls her eyes when JAMES says that and KARA looks at JADE. KARA Dad is serious Jade. We don't want anything bad happening to us. JADE Ok There's a bit of an awkward silence between the three, and then KARA breaks it. KARA (Holding the handle of her suitcase) Well, we'd better be off. Got to go check in and all that. JAMES Well, come here and give me a hug then. KARA then takes her hand off of the suitcase and reluctantly walks over and gives JAMES a hug. After KARA, JADE goes over and gives JAMES a brief hug. KARA and JADE (Waving to James as he starts to walk to the car) Bye, see you in a few months' time. JAMES (Turning around and waving back) Bye, be safe. JAMES finally gets in the car and drives off leaving KARA and JADE to drag their suitcases into the airport terminal. INT airport, DAY KARA and JADE then go through the standard procedure of: checking in and getting rid of their suitcases and getting their boarding passes, queuing up for passport control, going and getting x-rayed by the metal detectors and having their bags x-rayed, then finally entering the waiting/ shopping area to see where their flight will be taking off from. JADE (Jumping up and down in joy) We're in, whoo. KARA (Sighing) And now we have to wait. AIRPORT ANNOUNCER (O.S) We regret to announce that the 13:50 flight to Sydney, Australia has been delayed by 3 hours, due to the weather, causing the wings of the plane to freeze, and they need de-frosting. KARA throws her arms in the air almost hits JADE KARA Great, just what we need, typical British bloody weather! JADE (Looking around at the shops and restaurants) Well what do we do now? KARA shrugs her shoulders in response and looks around. After a little while, KARA pulls out her mobile and texts JAMES to let him know that the flight has been delayed and will text him again when it's been sorted. INT – OUTSIDE SHOPS - DAY Montage of JADE and KARA then wander around the shops and eventually get something to eat in a burger restaurant. INT – IN FRONT OF DEPARTURE BOARD - DAY We see JADE and KARA sitting in front of the departure board and eat their food and there is another passenger reading a book (ISAAC). ISAAC is in his late 30, early 40s and is quite good-looking and is wearing brown boots, black trousers and a New Zealand All Blacks rugby t-shirt. They see that the delay time as shortened but about 15 minutes. KARA pulls one of the fairly large books she has out of her bag. KARA I know bringing a book would come in handy. JADE (Looking at KARA, puzzled) What book is it? KARA (Showing JADE the book) The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring. ISAAC overhears KARA saying that, so he puts the book marker back in his book, closes it and turns around to the girls. ISAAC (In a New Zealand accent) Say, how far have you got with The Fellowship then? KARA (In response to ISAAC's question) Not that far. I've not long got to the part where Frodo, Sam, Merry, Pippin and Aragorn are on their way to Rivendell after Frodo got stabbed by the Witch King. ISAAC (Nodding his head) Ah ok. I take it you have seen the films? JADE Kara here (JADE pokes KARA on the shoulder) has the trilogy in the extended box set thingies. ISAAC (Looking at KARA) Really? Cool. So is this your first time going to Australia then? KARA (Putting her book back in the bag) Yep, what about you then, is this your first time going then, err ISAAC The name's Isaac. And no, I actually have a place there. All three exchange handshakes JADE Are you from Australia Isaac? KARA He sounds more like a Kiwi to me. JADE (Looking at KARA) Kiwi? I swear that's a fruit. ISAAC (Laughing in response to JADE) It is, but it's also a nickname for people who live in New Zealand. Didn't you know that? JADE No actually. KARA Well besides the accent, I could tell Isaac is a Kiwi, as he's wearing a New Zealand All Blacks rugby t-shirt. JADE I didn't notice his t-shirt, to be honest. KARA (Huffing jokingly) Well you should have gone to Specsavers then, shouldn't you? ISAAC laughs at KARA and JADE who are now sissy slapping each other and then breaks up the 'fight' between the two girls by sitting in between them. ISAAC (Looking at the departure board) How long does it take to defrost bloody aeroplane wings in this place then? KARA Well this is England, ha ha ISAAC (Laughing) Yeah, I suppose KARA (KARA's tummy gurgles and she smiles sheepishly when ISAAC gives her a perplexedlook) Dammit, I'm hungry again. ISAAC So am I. Did you want to go grab a bite to eat then? KARA Yeah, ok. Jade, could you keep an eye on the departure board to see if the time goes down on the delay, please? JADE Okie dokie. I'll text you if anything happens. ISAAC and KARA then get up and go find somewhere to eat. Whilst trying to find somewhere to eat, ISAAC asks KARA what music she's into. INT –CORRIDOR OF RESTAURANTS- DAY ISAAC Right, I can see you're into Slipknot and Combichrist, but what other bands are you into? KARA Well, I'm also into AC/DC, Rammstein, Stone Sour, Infected Mushroom, Rob Zombie, I used to be into Metallica until they released Lulu with Lou Reed, erm, I'm also into Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden and Vintage Trouble. I also like a bit of classical music too. How about you Isaac? ISAAC Funny you should say some of those bands, as I'm also into AC/DC, Rammstein, Black Sabbath and Iron Maiden too. KARA Cool beans. Ooh here's somewhere to eat. KARA points to another burger restaurant and the duo both go and get something to eat. As they're just about to sit down at the table, KARA's phone goes off in her trouser pocket. KARA Whoa, I'm vibrating. ISAAC smirks at KARA when she says that, and KARA pulls out her phone and reads the text JADE has just sent her. KARA Jade just said that the delay has been shortened and now we only have an hour to wait. ISAAC Ok. Here comes our food. Mm, smells nice. After eating their burgers, KARA and ISAAC go back down to where JADE is sitting. INT – IN FRONT OF DEPARTURE BOARD - DAY KARA (Sitting next to Jade) Yum, that burger was delish, even though it cost six quid. ISAAC But it was well worth it, I've never had anything as good as that in my life! KARA So, which part of New Zealand are you from then Isaac? ISAAC Well, I was born in Wellington, but moved to Auckland a few years back, but the place in Australia is more of a holiday home. Where are you two from then? JADE We're both from Brighton, which is on the South Coast. AIRPORT ANNOUNCER (O.S) Just to let passenger know, the delay for the 13:50 flight to Sydney, Australia has now been cut again to half an hour. ","Summary":" Author's note: I have no idea why some of this is bigger then the rest, it must have happened when "},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Suspicions","Author":"Silver Azure","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6467897","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been one year since Bryan rescued his daughter from the clutches of the Albanian sex slave traders, but he was about to face an obstacle even tougher than that of rescuing his daughter...she started dating. It was a warm summer day and he was hanging out in his apartment watching some television when he had received a text from Lenore and it read; \" Come over, Kimmy has someone I want you to meet\" Bryan had put on a black t-shirt and pair of black jeans and black low top sneakers and headed to his car to drive over. Bryan couldn't fathom who Kim wanted him to meet and it went through his head the whole trip on who Kim wanted him to meet but when he got there he was let in and to his shock he saw Kim sitting with a boy... he was Caucasian and had shoulder length brown hair, green eyes,he wore a long sleeved black t-shirt and blue jeans. \"So Kim, who's your friend?\" asked Bryan \"Well Daddy, I want you to meet Liam my new boyfriend\" said Kim with a smile on her face Bryan kinda saw it coming but he figured he should still ask, now Bryan wasn't too comfortable with Kim dating, he motioned to Lenore to talk to him in private; \"I'll be back\" said Lenore as her and Bryan walked into the kitchen \"I don't trust this kid one bit\" said Bryan Lenore was cross \"Why can't you just accept the fact she's now dating? Look the two met at Barnes and Nobles during a book signing, I've met him before and he's a real nice guy!\" Lenore whispered angrily \"That doesn't mean shit, for all you know he could be some...drug pusher!\" Bryan angrily whispered back \"Are you serious? He has a 4.0 GPA do you honestly think he'd piss it away for drugs?\" Lenore whispered angrily, getting more pissed by the second \"Look all I'm saying is how do we know if his intentions are good or not?\" asked Bryan Lenore just shook her head in disgust and walked out into the living room where Kim and Liam were sitting on the couch. \"Sorry about that\" said Lenore as she sat back down Liam looked at his watch and it read 4:47pm \"Kim, we should get going we don't wanna be late for the concert\" said Liam \"What concert?\" asked Bryan \"Liam's taking me to see The Who\" said Kim \"Yes, with money he saved up all by himself\" said Lenore who gave Bryan a look Liam and Kim had gotten up to leave because it was a six o'clock concert but it was an hour's drive \"Well, we'll see you around\" said Liam \"Bye mom, bye daddy\" said Kim as she kissed her mother and [biological] father \"I guess I should be going as well\" said Bryan, but Lenore was on to him \"SIT!\" she said pointing to the couch Lenore knew that had she not stopped Bryan, he would've tailed Liam and Kim to see if they were really going to a concert or somewhere else. \"Look, I know you don't approve of Kim dating but the fact of the matter is she's 18 now and she's gonna start dating whether you approve or not\" said Lenore Just before Bryan could say a word, he had gotten a text message from one of his CIA buddies; \" Hey, if you didn't know The Who are in town and they're having a concert tonight! 5 hours, 2500 dollars you in?\" Bryan responded \" Sure, I'll be there\" Bryan had gotten up to leave but Lenore tried to stop him again. \"Where are you going?\" she asked \"Work\" Bryan responded \"Oh no, you are not going to that concert!\" exclaimed Lenore But it was too late, Bryan was already out the door and got into his car and drove off, Lenore just stood on the threshold shaking her head in disgust. [MEANWHILE] Liam and Kim were on their way to the concert when Liam pulled out something from his pocket, it was a black box. \"For you\" he said as he handed it to Kim She opened it up and it was a gold bracelet with the letters \"LLK\" engraved on it with four hearts surrounding it \"Oh my God I love it, but you didn't have to do this I mean are you sure we're not rushing anything?\" asked Kim \"Don't worry about it and besides I instantly thought of you when I saw it\" said Liam \"Aw you're so sweet, but what's LLK?\" asked Kim \"Liam loves Kim\" replied Liam Kim's eyes lit up as she gave Liam a kiss on the cheek. [NOW TO BRIAN] Brian was driving in his car when he received a text from Lenore; \" I'm serious, you better not be heading to that concert because so help me if I find out you were there\" Bryan just deleted the message, now Bryan didn't trust Liam too much but then again he's a dad and he has right to be concerned. After a drive he had arrived at the arena where The Who were performing, he parked his car and out of the corner of his eye he saw Liam with his arm around Kim and he really wanted to do something about it but he figured he shouldn't blow his cover. \"Bryan come on dude!\" said one of his buddies Bryan walked towards him to the backstage area where he'd receive his backstage pass and everything, but he wanted to work by the stage just so he could try to keep an eye on Liam and Kim just so no hanky-panky went down, because he still didn't trust Liam a whole lot...and little did he know, his suspicions were correct. (A/N) Hope you enjoyed my first \"Taken\" fic, I'm a huge fan of the movie and of Liam Neeson, the movie is a real balls to the wall action fic. Also Lamminator really inspired me to write this because I read his/her \"Taken\" fic and well thus came mine lol, thanks for the inspiration Lamminator and there will be more chapters up real soon! ","Summary":" It had been one year since Bryan rescued his daughter from the clutches of the Albanian sex slave t"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Treasure","Author":"Rebellwithoutacause","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5443812","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Taken, or anything affiliated with it. It'd be nice, but sadly, I do not. Author's Note: So, I saw the movie in theaters, loved it, and bought the DVD. I was watching it this evening, and for some reason, was compelled to write this little ficlet. I hope you guys enjoy, lemme know what you think with reviews! Thanks much! I couldn't stop the pounding in my chest. I was so close. I could sense that the rats who had my daughter were running out of places to hide her. Marco had told me they sold virgins to St. Claire, and I'd tracked him down too. I quietly stepped into a dark room, carrying a tray of ice and champagne. In the middle of the room, encased by perfectly clear class was an open space. A young woman was standing in it, illuminated by a pale, soft light. She was dressed in very scanty clothes and pitch black heels. Men in leather arm chairs sat in a wide circle around the glass case. A woman's voice came over a speaker. \"One hundred thousand. One hundred…\" a red light clicked on across the room, and the voice said \"One fifty…\" \"Your champagne,\" I said quietly, remembering how I'd gotten in here. The man I was speaking to was partially shaded, but, he looked younger than the others in the room. His only response was to tilt his head at me. Someone pressed a clicker on the table beside their chair and the woman on the intercom spoke again. \"Two hundred.\" \"May I serve?\" I asked very softly. \"Please.\" he answered. I popped the bottle of champagne and poured a small amount into the glass as the man pressed his own clicker. \"Two fifty….two fifty…sold for two hundred and fifty thousand.\" A shadowed man stepped into the case, threw a black cloth around the poor girl and drug her away. The woman's voice came over the intercom again as the light dimmed and then brightened again. \"The last item. As usual, we saved the best for last. Speaks English, some French, certified pure.\" My heart raced up into my throat. Kimmy spoke English, and a little bit of French. And she was a virgin. A cloaked woman was led into the case. The man leading her very slowly, very carefully unveiled the girl, and I could not tear my eyes away. \"Gah!\" the man sitting nearest to me spat. I realized that I'd over filled the glass. I jerked back quickly. \"Sorry,\" I muttered quickly. \"Get out.\" he growled. But I did not move. I set the bottle down and my eyes became glued to the unveiling figure. \"The bidding will begin at one hundred thousand.\" The last of the cloak was pulled off the girl, and my heart stopped. The woman was Kimmy's height and proportions, but her head was lolled, turned, perhaps afraid to take in everything around her. She had long, chocolate brown hair, the same length and cut as Kimmy's. And then at last, her face turned. I stared into my terrified daughter's face. The face I thought I'd never see again. The face I cherished and dreamed of every single night. Kim staggered slightly, and I could see she was malnourished. She was wearing ever so thin, spiky heels that I knew she could barely stand in. She was barely wearing any clothing at all, bejeweled strings covering her chest and pelvis, just enough. It was horribly wrong to see her so. I could feel my heart breaking inside my chest as I took in the sight of what these monsters had done to my baby. \"One hundred…one hundred, one fifty…\" the intercom spoke. \"Buy her!\" I snarled, whipping out my gun and shoving it into the neck of the man I'd been serving. He tried to protest but I shook the gun threateningly, \"Buy her!\" \"Two hundred.\" \"Two fifty.\" At last he pressed the clicker. \"Three hundred. Three hundred…\" Kimmy tried to take a shaky step, and I realized she must not have been able to see outside the glass. Like a two way mirror she was blocked in, because she looked straight at me, but no recognition passed in her eyes. Frantic adrenaline shot into my blood. \"Three fifty. Three fifty…three hundred and fifty thousand…\" \"Buy her!\" I nearly yelled into his ear. His hand did not move. I shook the gun again, but he held his price. \"Four hundred.\" There seemed to be a three way bidding war between the men across from us, right and left. I think the other two in the room had stopped bidding, finding it to be too rich for them. But the other two seemed determined to battle it out. Not if I had anything to say about it. And I most certainly did. \"Four fifty…\" The woman's voice was slightly more tentative now. \"Four fifty…four fifty…\" I knew I didn't have any more time. I slammed the clicker on the desk. \"Five hundred. Five hundred…five hundred…sold for five hundred thousand.\" I breathed for the first time in what felt like a year. The room went dark and the man who took the previous girl away and veiled Kimmy again. I was grateful that I no longer had to see her dressed like a porn star, but a vengeful hate rose up in me that anyone would touch her. And my loss of visual contact with her made fear rise hot and thick in my throat. \"That concludes the sales for tonight. Thank you all for coming. You may collect your purchases directly.\" \"You will never get away with this!\" the man snarled as I grabbed him by the nape of the neck and hauled him out of the chair. \"If you want to live, you'll make sure I do!\" I said savagely. I pushed him out the door, hand still wrapped around the nape of his neck when I felt a burning white hot pain in my neck, and I collapsed to the floor, falling into blackness. 88888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888 I was exhausted. I'd chased a speeding boat, killed six or seven more men, including one who was just as well trained as myself. The only reason I managed to win was because I was fighting for one I loved, and one who I had no fear to die for. It made me risk every dangerous maneuver I had ever been taught, and had come up with on my own. The man lay dead on the floor at my feet. I snatched up his gun, made sure a bullet was in the chamber, and faced the last door. I was limping, and bleeding from my stomach, but, I didn't feel it. I shoved the door open deftly. I saw Kim, clutched by an old man, a man who held a long knife at her throat. Kim whimpered but didn't try to struggle away, fearing the blade. I raised the gun. I stared at the man who'd thought he could have my daughter as his valuable virgin prize. I raised the gun I held in both hands, more steady than I'd ever been in my life. His beady eyes darted from my face, to the gun, to Kim, then back to me. \"We can neg-…\" BANG! I put a bullet directly between his eyes. He dropped back to the wide bed behind him and moved no more. Kim staggered briefly, and then looked straight at me as I lowered the gun. \"Daddy?\" she said, almost like a question. Like she couldn't believe I was standing there. Like she was dreaming and didn't believe what she had just seen. \"Daddy.\" she repeated, and this time I heard the reality in her voice. She knew it was the truth. \"You came for me!\" she whimpered, and then she staggered towards me. She pushed her head into my chest, fisted her hands into my shirt and let loose a shuddering sob. \"You came for me,\" she said again through her choking tears. My stupor seemed to shatter. \"I told you I would,\" I whispered, pushing my cheek against the top of her head, wrapping my arms around her. I held her tightly to me, but not so tight that she couldn't breathe. She gasped and sobbed, and I could feel the hot tears spilling from her eyes onto my chest. It was like an electric shock to my heart. It was beating again, normally, for the first time in almost ninety six hours. I had my baby. I had my Kimmy. She was alive. I had done the impossible. I'd rescued my little girl from a group of monsters, and she was alive. My baby was alive. I could feel it in the relief of her tears. And I cried too, holding her, rocking her slowly back and forth, overwhelmed with the force of my baby's emotion, the force that had always driven me. And always would. I'd do it all again, all for that one moment of feeling my daughter's heartbeat against mine, the comfort I would always treasure no matter what. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Taken, or anything affiliated with it. It'd be nice, but sadly, I do not. A"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Vanished","Author":"tdubb28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8641036","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wright 7 ","Summary":" Wright 7"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Sudden Meeting","Author":"Un-Ended Tales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8760356","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Had this story going around in my head after I watched the movie so I thought I would write it down. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas, only my OCs and this storyline. Hope you enjoy. Sudden Meeting After Arthur became the new Santa Claus he started to leave the pole more often. He would go out into the world to just see the children and what they did in their everyday lives. He wanted to see what really made them smile. Because it wasn't just the material gifts they got on that one special night every year but it was the people in their lives that lifted their hearts. Arthur watched as the children played together, sharing the gifts he had delivered that year. He didn't just want to deliver the gifts then go back home just like that. He wanted to see their reactions, just like Gwen. That's why, every year, on the day after Christmas he would sneak out. It was a different place in the world every year. This year's town didn't seem to be different then any other. He had chosen at random. There was snow on the ground and the children were out playing just like every other year. He watched as snowballs flew and the new sleds the children had received went shooting down the hills. Arthur wished he could be out there with them, but he could never convince Steve to go with him. He was standing over the cover of some trees watching them laugh as they cut through the snow. He hadn't started growing his beard yet and the hair on the top of his head was still brown, not gray. Yet he still felt like he needed to stay out of sight and watch from the sidelines, but he would soon learn that it was all right to get out there and have fun with the rest of them. He didn't need to be cooped up back at the North Pole. That's where he was the first time he saw her. The meeting was quite sudden and some would say painful. She came whizzing down the hill on her old wooden sleigh that she had gotten one year when she was very young when she asked Santa Claus for a surprise. One of her friends had pushed her without warning down the hill. In her surprise she didn't steer the sleigh very straight and ended up veering towards the trees. Arthur didn't see her until it was too late. All he heard was an incoherent shout before her sled knocked him off his feet. He landed on the back of her sled as it kept going. Together they went screaming down the rest of the hill with snow spraying into their faces. A mound of snow sitting at the bottom of the hill was what finally stopped them. Arthur burst out of the snow, gasping. \"Sorry.\" A voice said beside him. She was a little less buried in the snow and she managed to pull herself out. She wore a long dark green coat with a red tuque pulled on over her brown hair that she had pulled back into a ponytail. Her long red and green striped scarf hung around her neck. \"I didn't see you there.\" She apologized as she started to dig him out with her woolen mittens. \"That's alright. I wasn't looking either.\" When Arthur looked up the first thing he noticed were her eyes. They were a very attractive emerald green. \"Here.\" She stretched out her hand for him to take. He shook himself out of his daze and grabbed onto her hand. She pulled and managed to pull him out of the deep snow. \"Do you need help with your sled?\" He asked, seeing that it was still lodged in the snow. \"Oh.\" She said, as if just noticing. \"Yeah, thanks.\" Together they dug it out without a scratch on it. \"I swear that thing is indestructible.\" She commented. \"I've had it ever since I was a kid.\" She was about the same age as Arthur. \"I love these old sleds.\" Arthur smiled at her. \"They're fun but I must say a little hard going down.\" She laughed. \"Jamie!\" They heard someone yell. They turned to see a woman come running down the hill towards them. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yes, I'm fine. Had a little bit of padding.\" She glanced over at Arthur. \"Good, because we have to go or we'll be late. The kids are waiting and you promised.\" The woman pointed out. \"Oh I almost forgot.\" She glanced down at her watch, remembering. \"Sorry Florence.\" \"Come on.\" Florence tugged on her arm. \"Right, I'm coming.\" She looked back to Arthur. \"It was nice meeting you…\" \"Arthur.\" He stuck out his hand. \"Arthur.\" She shook his hand. \"I'm Jamie.\" \"We're going to be late Jamie.\" Florence was more insistent. \"Maybe I'll see you later.\" Jamie said, hopefully. \"Arthur.\" \"Yeah.\" He rubbed the back of his neck nervously. \"You should ask him to the dinner.\" Florence suggested. \"I've only just met him.\" Jamie whispered back, thinking Arthur couldn't hear. \"It'll be fun.\" Florence nudged her. \"Well…\" She turned back to Arthur. \"We're having this dinner tonight. Nothing too big, but it's sort of an end of the season kind of thing. One last boom before we take the decorations down.\" \"Sounds fun.\" Arthur smiled. \"Really?\" Jamie's face lit up. \"You'll come?\" \"I'll try.\" He said. \"Come to this address.\" She quickly scribbled it down on a piece of paper. \"It starts at six but you can come anywhere around that time, later if you like. Whatever works.\" 'Thanks.\" He took the paper from her. \"See you then.\" Then she was gone, Florence pulling her away across the snow. Arthur looked down at the paper she had given him. It was the address of an orphanage not too far from the hill. He smiled. Why not? Though his family would probably start looking for him soon. He would have to tell him he would be out late. He didn't know what, but there was something about Jamie that intrigued him. Something about her made his heart beat faster. He had never felt this way before and he wanted to know what it meant. \"Jamie.\" He said her name as he watched her disappear. Thanks for reading and please tell me what you think in a review. I would really appreciate it. Hope you stick around for the next chapter. It will be fun. See you next time.[Chapter 2] Sorry if this took a bit long. I'm not off for the holidays yet. This is for the person who wrote the first review. I love your enthusiasm. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas, only my OCs and this storyline. Hope you enjoy. Write to Me Arthur found the place easy enough. He was early so he found himself standing outside the purple door on the sidewalk for a while just staring at the door's paint. Snowflakes began to fall from the sky. Arthur had always liked watching the snow as it just started to fall. He wondered if it was the same with rain. He hadn't been caught in the rain so he didn't know. The cold snow was his comfort. Warmer months were usually spent back at the Pole where there was much work needed to be done to prepare for the next Christmas. He needed to remind himself to take some time off and find a place where it was raining. Maybe Jamie could show him, but what was he thinking? He barely knew her. Yet he could not get her emerald eyes out of his head. All he had to do was go up and knock on the door. Steve would disapprove. There was the fear of being compromised and having to go underground again like in 1816. But Arthur didn't look like Santa yet, at least not the figurehead version. It was now or never. Carefully, Arthur made his way up the slippery stairs to the door. Being Arthur though, his feet found a way to slide across the ice just as he was about to knock on the door. At the same time someone chose that moment to open the door. Arthur fell forward. He heard a little yelp from the person at the door as he crashed into her, sending them both tumbling back into the house. It seemed events were bound to repeat themselves when he looked down and found that the person he had crashed into was none other then Jamie herself. She took one look at him and started to laugh. \"We have to stop meeting like this.\" She grinned. \"Its very icy.\" Arthur pointed out as he got to his feet, extending his hand for her to take. She did. \"I was just going to check for mail and I found an Arthur instead.\" She giggled. \"Glad you could make it.\" She popped her head out the door and checked the mailbox, finding a few letters inside. \"They're from some of the kids' families who couldn't be around for Christmas.\" \"How was their Christmas?\" Arthur asked, closing the door for her. \"It's always magical to watch them wake up to find gifts from Santa under the tree. He makes their Christmas special every year.\" Her words made Arthur blush. He tried to hide it by taking off his scarf. \"That's wonderful to hear.\" Being up at the North Pole you never really hear exactly what people think of your work. It was nice to hear it first hand. \"Here, I'll take that for you.\" She took his coat and scarf from him. He stuffed his mittens in one of the pockets. \"I like your sweater.\" She nodded towards the Christmas sweater he was wearing. \"Oh.\" Suddenly he felt a little self-conscious. \"It's just…\" \"No, I'm not kidding.\" She laughed. \"I really do like it. Always wanted one like that. Christmas is my favorite time of year, especially when I get to spend it with the kids.\" \"Really?\" Usually people thought his sweater was over doing it a little. \"Of course. Come on in. We're just about to start taking the decorations off the tree.\" She waved him to follow her. \"Taking the decorations off?\" He followed her. \"It's always sad taking them off so we try to turn it around by making a special celebration of it.\" Jamie explained. \"Just in here.\" She opened a door to what looked like a living room. There was a medium sized tree on the other side of the room covered in mostly homemade decorations and there was a paper star on the top. \"Jamie!\" Five little voices yelled as they scrambled towards her. They wrapped their little arms around her. Florence was there too, and she smiled when she saw Arthur. \"Hey kids. I wasn't even gone for five minutes.\" She ruffled their hair. \"This is Arthur.\" She gestured towards him. \"Too bad all the mistletoe has already been taken down.\" Florence whispered to Jamie so Arthur couldn't hear. Jamie elbowed her, but blushed. \"Hello Arthur.\" A little boy came up to him and took his hand, leading him towards the tree. \"That's Andrew.\" Jamie introduced the boy. She turned back to the others and counted their heads. \"Five. Where's Christopher?\" \"He won't come down from his room.\" A girl said, pointing at the ceiling. \"Oh.\" Jamie followed the way the girl was pointing and sighed. \"Thank you Claire. Arthur I'll be right back. You make yourself at home.\" Arthur watched her walk out of the room with a question on his mind and curiosity in his heart. When the others weren't looking, he followed her. He knew how to walk up stairs without a sound. He followed the sound of voices down a hallway. One of them was Jamie's, and the other belonged to a young boy. He couldn't be more then ten years old. The boy was sitting on his bed staring out the window. Jamie sat down next to him. \"Christopher?\" She placed her hand on his shoulder, but he did not respond. He just kept staring out the window. \"Why don't you come downstairs? We're all waiting for you.\" \"Why would you want me there? They don't.\" He rested his chin on his knees that he had pulled up to his chest. \"Your aunt and uncle.\" Jamie worked it out. \"Not even a letter. They don't care.\" Christopher buried his face in his knees. \"No one wants me around.\" \"Don't say that.\" She told him. \"We want you here.\" Arthur heard himself say as he stepped into the room. Jamie looked surprised to see him there, but also relieved. \"Who are you?\" Christopher asked as he raised his head to look at the stranger. \"You can call me Arthur.\" He took another step in. \"Why would you want me?\" The boy asked. \"Because you're Christopher Balltic.\" The name just floated into Arthur's head. \"There is no other Christopher that we would want downstairs with us.\" \"Why me?\" \"Why not you?\" That was the obvious question. \"No one ever seems to acknowledge me.\" His eyes were downcast. \"We came all the way up here to get you.\" Arthur countered. \"We can't start without you Christopher. Won't you please come with us? We need you.\" \"No one's ever needed me.\" Christopher spoke softly as if he wasn't really saying it to anyone at all. He had a look of surprise on his face. \"Your family needs you.\" Jamie's voice joined in. \"But I don't have a family. They don't want me.\" \"We're you're family Christopher.\" She said. \"And we'll always want you.\" Not another word needed to be said. Jamie stretched out her hand to Christopher and he willingly took it. She pulled him to his feet and led him downstairs to where everyone else was waiting. Arthur followed close behind. \"How did you know his last name?\" Jamie whispered to Arthur. \"One of the kids told me.\" He lied. \"Christopher!\" Claire came running over and took him by the hand, pulling him into the festivities. \"Sing White Christmas.\" Florence suggested. \"Oh, I couldn't.\" Jamie tried to back out. \"Come on. It will make the night.\" Florence insisted. So Jamie stood and looked around at all the faces staring back at her. Arthur saw her gulp. She was nervous. Somehow that made Arthur like her even more. She wasn't the most confident person in the world, but she wasn't overly confident either. She was just right. Her nervousness seemed to disappear when she started singing. She let the song take over. Arthur's mouth fell open. Her singing voice was beautiful. Not that her speaking voice wasn't. Slowly everyone else joined in the song, even Christopher. But Arthur could barely take his eyes off Jamie for the rest of the night. They spent the night singing and telling stories, slowly taking the decorations off the tree. Florence sat down at the small piano they had and started to play. The children danced. Jamie pulled Arthur in. \"I'm not a very good dancer.\" He warned, but Jamie didn't care. He only stepped on her foot a couple times as they danced around the room. The night came to an end far too quickly and soon it was time to go. The tree was bare with no more decorations to put away. Arthur had to get back to the North Pole before the others started to worry. In secret he had had another wooden sleigh built to be pulled by a couple of reindeer. It would get him back to the Pole fast. He had hidden it not too far away. Jamie walked him to the door. \"Maybe I'll see you tomorrow?\" \"I'm afraid I'm leaving for home tonight.\" Arthur told her. \"Oh.\" She sounded disappointed, but quickly lightened up as she grabbed a piece of paper and pen and scribbled something down. \"Here.\" She said, handing him the paper. \"Write to me? I'd like to stay in tough. I had fun tonight.\" \"You don't use email?\" Arthur asked as he looked at the address written on the paper. \"I like the old fashion way.\" She admitted. \"Do you like writing letters?\" \"I love writing letters.\" He remembered every letter he wrote back to a child. It used to be his only job. \"Write to me then.\" She told him. \"I will.\" Arthur grasped the paper in his hand tightly. \"Maybe I'll see you again next year.\" \"Yes, I hope so.\" In a split second decision, Jamie leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek. \"Goodbye Arthur. I look forward to your letters.\" Then she closed the door, leaving Arthur stunned. He was frozen for a moment as his cheek warmed where she had kissed him. \"Until next time, Jamie.\" He said to the air and finally managed to pull himself away and off towards the sleigh with the piece of paper still in his hand. Thanks for reading and please REVIEW! I love to hear from you. Hope you keep following and see you next time.[Chapter 3] Can you ever forgive me for being so late with this chapter? Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas, only my OCs and this storyline. Hope you enjoy. Collision Christmas was coming around again in a few weeks. Everyone was rushing about trying to get everything done on time. Even with all the new technology there was still possibility of error, so everything had to be checked and double-checked. Arthur felt swamped. Everyone was coming and asking him questions about this or that, half of the things he had to send them to Steve because he had no idea. He was still trying to get a hold of this whole Santa thing. Even with all of this rushing about there would always be those moments that would remind him why he loved being Santa. But right now he just needed a moment to himself to take a breather, maybe get some air. He did finally manage to slip away and found himself wandering into the familiar room where he had spent many a night writing letters to all the wonderful girls and boys around the world. Arthur walked up to his old desk, letters still scattered all over it. He still liked to reply to some of the letters himself. Of course he couldn't reply to as many as he wanted to. He leaned forward and ran his hand across the letter lying freshly on the table. It had arrived just that morning and, as instructed, one of the elves brought it especially to this room, because it wasn't from any one of the children that he delivered presents to. A smile danced across Arthur's face and all his stress seemed to disappear for a moment as he remembered how he felt when he had opened the letter and saw her handwriting scrawled on the paper. She didn't have the best of handwriting. They had joked back and forth about it several times. Arthur joked that he had had to get one of the elves to decipher her cryptic message. In turn she had said that his sparkly marker had nearly blinded her when she opened his last letter. She had written in capitals: OVERWHELMED WITH THEIR SPARKLINESS! \"Jamie.\" Arthur picked up her letter, his smile growing into a grin. He hadn't seen her since last Christmas, but her letters made the time seem shorter, making him feel like he really did know the girl who ran him over with a sled the year before. He could still picture her emerald green eyes. Arthur rushed from the room, letter still in hand. He stopped only to change into his favorite Christmas sweater. He ran down the hallways, pushing open the doors and not caring to close them behind him. Then he swung open the doors to see his small sleigh. He hooked up a couple reindeer. This sleigh wasn't as heavy as the original EVE . Without telling anyone, Arthur hopped into his sleigh and was off, flying away from the North Pole. He knew where he was going and it didn't take him long to get there. He landed and hid the sleigh, deciding to walk through the mall close by on his way, to see the Christmas decorations. In the middle of the mall was where the children all lined up to see Santa Clause. Arthur had always been a little jealous of those Santas. Arthur was about to walk over to take a look when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He froze. \"Gotcha.\" A low voice said behind him. Arthur spun around. \"Steve!\" He was shocked to see his brother standing before him. \"I knew you were going to do something like this.\" Steve glared. \"This close to Christmas and you're still taking your little trips.\" \"I just needed some air.\" Arthur tried to laugh it off. \"Getting air doesn't mean you need to fly miles away just to get it.\" Steve huffed. \"What are you doing out here?\" Arthur waved his arms. \"I guessed what you were up to so I hid in the back of your sleigh.\" Steve smirked. \"I was going to come right back.\" Arthur tried to explain. \"I just needed a breather, to get away from all the stress.\" \"I don't believe you.\" Steve crossed his arms. \"Maybe I just needed to see a little Christmas spirit. Seeing how happy the holidays make people always gets me excited and it helps me work better.\" Arthur turned and pointed towards where the kids were lining up to see Santa Clause. \"Just look at the smiles on their faces. That Santa is keeping their dreams alive, and even the elves…\" He stopped mid sentence. \"Arthur?\" Steve waved a hand in front of his brother's face but his eyes seemed to be fixed on something. He followed his gaze. Or maybe it was someone. \"It's her.\" Arthur finally managed to say. \"Are we looking at the brunette dressed as an elf?\" Steve asked. \"Yes.\" His voice was quiet and his eyes were wide. Suddenly he pulled on his brother's arm and led him around a corner. \"What are you doing?\" Steve had never seen Arthur act like this before. \"That's her.\" He said frantically. \"The one I told you about.\" \"Sled girl?\" Steve remembered last year when Arthur had come home acting all giddy. \"That's her?\" He had almost managed to catch a glimpse of her before Arthur had dragged him away. \"Yes.\" Arthur said in a hushed voice. \"If you like this girl why are we hiding?\" Steve asked. \"Because…\" Arthur tried to think of a logical response. \"And who ever said I liked her?\" \"Your face did.\" Steve pointed at his blushed cheeks. \"Why don't you just go talk to her? You've been writing to her for a whole year.\" \"This is different.\" Arthur tried. \"Not good enough.\" Steve grabbed his brother by the shoulders and started to push him back to where they had been standing before. \"Steve!\" Arthur struggled but his brother was still stronger then him. \"This is for your own good.\" Steve was almost enjoying this. \"Alright fine.\" Arthur managed to pull away. \"I will talk to her.\" He dramatically turned around, but just as he was about to turn the corner someone else was turning it at the same time. They collided. Arthur fell backwards. He groaned and rubbed his head. \"Sorry.\" He tried to say when he saw whom he had run into. She had fallen back as well and was also rubbing her head. The bell on her hat jingled. They must have hit their heads together. Then she looked up and her emerald eyes met his. \"Arthur?\" Her eyes widened. \"Jamie!\" Arthur got to his feet and helped her up. \"Arthur!\" She didn't wait another second as she jumped on Arthur, giving him a hug. He stumbled but didn't fall over, returning her embrace. \"It's been too long.\" He said, pulling away. \"Almost a year.\" She agreed. \"I like your sweater.\" \"Thanks.\" He said, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. \"I like your elf costume.\" \"Thanks.\" Jamie grinned. She was wearing her long green coat over it now. \"I was volunteering but I just finished.\" \"Must be fun.\" Arthur said. \"I love it.\" She nodded. \"Its one of my highlights.\" \"I think I might be jealous.\" Arthur started to relax. \"I'd like to see you in an elf costume.\" Jamie laughed. \"You haven't changed, Jamie.\" Arthur smiled at her. She hadn't really. Her hair was still long and she wore it back in the same ponytail. She was still wearing the same long green coat. \"Neither have you.\" She told him. \"How have you been?\" \"Busy.\" He told the truth, well, most of it at least. \"Same.\" She nodded. \"I'm just going back to the kids to get them ready for ice skating. What are you doing here anyway?\" \"Oh, I'm just passing through.\" He shrugged. \"I'm here with my bro…\" He turned around but Steve was gone. \"Well I was here with my brother but he seems to have disappeared.\" \"How long?\" She asked. \"I have some time, but I can't stay long.\" Arthur told her. \"You should come ice skating with us.\" Jamie suggested with a smile. \"I really should be finding my brother.\" He said, looking around for Steve. \"Oh, well think about it.\" She wouldn't let that get her down. \"The rink is really close to the orphanage, just a couple blocks away. Shouldn't be hard to find.\" \"I'll try.\" He said. \"You better.\" She grinned, starting to back away. \"Well, I should go. I promised the kids I wouldn't be late. Hope I see you there.\" \"Me too.\" He waved to her. She waved back and disappeared into the crowd of rushing Christmas shoppers. Arthur turned around and found himself face to face with Steve. \"You idiot.\" Thanks for reading and please REVIEW! They have been wonderful so far. I love you guys. Please send me any ideas you have of other scenarios in which they could meet. I am all ears. Hope you keep following because the next chapter will be uploaded much sooner then this one was. Still very sorry for that. See you next time.[Chapter 4] How is that for faster then last time? I know, still not fast enough. Exams are coming up so I have to study. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas, only my OCs and this storyline. Hope you enjoy reading it as much as i enjoyed writing it. A Night on the Ice Arthur arrived at the frozen pond that Jamie had called a skating rink with a pair of skates that Steve had shoved into his hands. He was standing at the edge, watching as the children wobbled across the slippery ice. He saw young Andrew, now a year older go flying over the ice, letting out a yelp as his skates caught in a snow bank and he flipped over onto his back. Another girl skated over and giggled. \"Its not funny, Jane.\" He groaned. \"Oh, it is very funny.\" Jane helped him to his feet and they went to join the others. There were six children: Andrew, Jane, Claire, Christopher, and the twins Owen and Charlie. Skating with them were Florence and…Jamie. She was wearing a red tuque with her usual green coat and she had wrapped and long blue scarf around her neck that was covered in little white snowmen. She was holding the hands of one of the twins, Charlie, as she tried to teach him to skate. Jamie could skate quite well backwards. Then she let go of the boy's hands. He wobbled for a moment, sticking out his arms in front of him. Jamie extended her arms towards him, encouraging him to skate to her. The boy wavered and then pushed himself forward. His twin brother, Owen, was skating not too far away, a natural at it, but he would keep looking towards his brother, watching his progress. He was looking forward to being able to skate with his brother. Florence was holding Christopher's hand and he had a hold of Claire's. The three of them would skate really fast and then Claire would stop and let them pull her along. Florence and Christopher used their momentum to whip her out onto the ice. She let out a yelp, waving her arms to keep herself balanced before disappearing into a snow pile at the edge of the rink. Christopher skated over. \"Claire?\" He called out her name, looking for her in the snow. There was no reply. \"Claire?\" Suddenly a hand burst from the snow, pelting Christopher with a snowball. Claire emerged from the snow, laughing. Her laugh was cut short by a snowball. Thus began an epic snowball fight. Soon Andrew and Jane came over and got dragged into it as well. Florence watched from the sidelines before Andrew spotted her. She gasped as a snowball connected with her stomach. She laughed and chased Andrew across the ice with an especially large snowball. Andrew grabbed Owen's hand, pulling him across the ice. As they passed his brother he caught hold of his arm and soon all three of them were skating from Florence, who had a devilish look in her eyes. Jamie laughed, watching them until her eyes landed on a certain someone standing at the edge of the ice putting his skates on. \"Arthur!\" She waved to him across the ice, closing the space between them. \"You made it.\" \"I did.\" Arthur grinned at her, getting to his feet with a slight wobble. He stepped onto the ice and his feet nearly came out from underneath him, but Jamie caught his arm. They skated together further onto the ice. It was still light out, the sun hadn't started to go down yet. Jamie glanced over at Arthur with his goofy smile. It made her smile. She had stashed all of the letters he had sent her in a box that she had on her desk. Sometimes she would take one out and reread it, laughing and smiling at the same parts as when she first opened it. Jamie always looked forward to her letters from Arthur, writing back almost right away. The two of them skated around the ice in silence, just enjoying holding the other person's hand. Jamie knew that Arthur would not be staying for long, but she was going to take all the time she could get. They were interrupted when Christopher grabbed a chunk of snow, crafting it into a reasonably sized snowball. He aimed and fired, hitting his mark. Jamie retaliated within seconds. There was no escape for Christopher as a snowball from both Arthur and Jamie pelted him in the back as he tried to get away. It became a full out battle after that. There were no definite sides and was more of an everyone-for-themselves kind of battle. Alliances were built and destroyed over the course of half an hour. Near the end Arthur had formed an alliance with young Christopher. They were standing back to back, fighting off Florence and Jamie. Not too far away there was a rally of snowballs going back and forth between Andrew and Jane verses the twins and Claire. Jamie tried to go in for a close up shot at Arthur but he saw her just in time. He grabbed her arm with the snowball in it to stop her from throwing it. Just as this happened, Christopher lost his balanced, crashing into them. The two of them went tumbling into the snow. Arthur went down first and Jamie went down right on top of him in a great crash, sending snow flying. Arthur shook his head and saw Jamie doing the same. She looked down at him. For a moment they seemed locked there, their eyes fixed on each other. Arthur felt himself getting lost in her emerald eyes, and Jamie looked at his eyes as if seeing them for the first time. The moment of connection seemed to last an eternity as they stared into each other's eyes. Jamie broke first. Her cheeks flushed, she giggled slightly and then rolled off of him, lying on the snow beside him. Arthur felt himself gasp quietly as the weight of her on top of him disappeared. He looked over at her and she looked back at him. They both laughed. Arthur tried to cover up his gasping kind of laugh. \"Sorry.\" He said between laughs. \"My laugh isn't exactly…\" \"I like it.\" She smiled. \"Are you two going to stay down there forever?\" Florence's face appeared above them. \"The snowball fight has ended.\" She helped Jamie up first and then Arthur. They both wobbled as they tried to find their footing again on the ice. Arthur didn't see Florence wink at Jamie and then skate away. \"Come on.\" Jamie took Arthur's hand, leading him out onto the ice. The children were having a cool down, just skating quietly and slowly across the ice. The twins held hands, Charlie still unsure of his skating skills. The others skated a little ahead of them in a sort of line, weaving around each other. The twins were the youngest out of the six of them. The others were very close in age with Andrew being the eldest. There was no music playing, but Jamie and Arthur swayed together. They faced each other, holding mitten-covered hands. Sometimes there's no need for music to dance. You just need the moment. They pushed off with their right feet and started spinning clockwise. They started to spin faster and faster. The world around them seemed to disappear and it was just the two of them skating on the ice as the sun started to set in the sky. Jamie studied Arthur's face and engraved it in her memories. She would never forget how he looked in this moment. He would never forget her either. Their friendship had been an odd one. They had only ever spent maybe a day together if you put all of the time together. The rest of the year they had only communicated through letters, but that was enough for them. Even if they only saw each other one day every year that would be enough. Arthur did hope that one day they would get longer. He almost opened his mouth to tell her why he was always so busy around Christmas, but then he closed his mouth again, not wanting to break the beautiful silence. How would she react anyway? She'd probably laugh and think he was kidding. It was hard to tell someone out of the blue that you were Santa Claus. Maybe one day he would tell her, but for now he would leave things the way they were. In this moment everything was perfect. Arthur and Jamie span around, holding tightly to each other's hands as they started to pick up speed. Together they laughed. Eventually they managed to slow down and their spins covered less of the ice. Soon they were just standing hand in hand facing each other on the ice, not moving anywhere. Arthur never wanted to stop looking at her. \"Who's that?\" Florence skated over to them, pointing towards the street where someone was standing by a tree. \"That would be my brother Steve.\" Arthur sighed, spotting him waiting. Steve would want to head back to the North Pole now. \"You have to go now, don't you?\" Jamie could tell. \"Everything always gets so busy around Christmas.\" Arthur explained. \"I can never stay in one place for very long. I'm sorry, Jamie.\" \"As long as you keep writing to me.\" She smiled, her hands slipping from his. \"I know I'll see you again.\" \"Yeah.\" Arthur didn't want to leave, not yet. \"Be careful if you're traveling close to Christmas.\" Jamie warned. \"They say there are signs of a blizzard.\" \"I'll be sure to remember that.\" Arthur smiled. \"You be careful too, you and the others.\" \"Maybe next time you could spend Christmas with us.\" Florence put in. \"Maybe.\" Arthur wanted nothing else. \"Come back soon.\" Jamie took his hand one last time and their eyes connected. \"I'll be seeing you, Jamie.\" Before he could rethink what he was doing he leaned forward and kissed her on the cheek. She was silent, her cheeks growing pink. Arthur smiled and skated away, their hands staying together until he couldn't hold onto hers anymore and they were forced to let go. \"Until next time, Arthur.\" Jamie whispered as she watched Arthur disappear with his brother. Neither of them knew it yet but they would be seeing each other sooner then either of them thought. Thanks for reading and please keep up the marvelously exquisite REVIEWS! All suggestions are welcome. If I don't get any more ideas the story may only be a few more chapters. Hope you keep following because the next chapter will be action filled, sort of. See you next time.[Chapter 5] Well I think this is a decent sized chapter. Exams are making it harder for me to get time to just write. Very sorry for that. Still trying to update faster. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christams, only my OCs and this storyline. Hope you enjoy. Saving Christmas Another Christmas and another long night, but Arthur wouldn't have it any other way. The trip they took every year around the world in just one night had always been long and tiring. If it weren't for all the elves Arthur wasn't sure if he'd be able to get to all of the children in time. Unfortunately with so many children to visit it wasn't possible for Arthur to deliver each present himself. Even so each present was special and Arthur wanted it to be perfect for every girl and boy. The weeks before Christmas he always found himself going through the letters they had written, double-checking they had gotten their request right. Even just the small things made it all the more special, like the teddy bear needed to be orange and not brown. So far the night had gone smoothly. The drops had been made quickly and neatly, not alerting anyone to their presence. Now the ship was making its way towards its final destination. They all needed to take extra precautions here with a blizzard going on, but Arthur wasn't going to let that stop them. There was one gift he just needed to deliver himself. The elves suggested that he let them take the present. It might be faster and then they wouldn't have to stay too long in the blizzard, but Arthur refused. Not even a blizzard was going to stop him from putting the present under her Christmas tree. He had made it and wrapped it himself. A small group of elves did insist on coming with him, but the winds were so strong that they were nearly blown away. In the end only a couple made it down to the roof. Arthur made his way through the thick snow towards the chimney, his red sack slung over his back. He tried to protect his eyes from the snow with his arm. The snow was covering an icy patch on the roof so Arthur didn't see it. He stepped right on it and slipped. Arthur was thankful for the extra precautions they had taken. They were prepared for this with a rope tied around his waist and wrapped around the chimney by a couple of light-footed elves that managed to scurry across the roof expertly. Even with all of their skills they were almost blown off the roof by the snow. The elves said it was madness, but Arthur didn't care. He had to do this, at least just this once. So he pulled himself up and pushed against the winds towards the chimney. But his fall had made a rather large bang, waking a certain someone who had fallen asleep in her armchair by accident as she read Charles Dickens's \"A Christmas Carol\" for the hundredth time. She had meant to put the book down after a few more pages, but her eyes had grown heavy and she had slipped off to sleep. The large bang from the roof had startled her awake, dropping the book. She looked up at the ceiling as if she might have x-ray vision and be able to see what had made the noise. She listened carefully and could almost make out the sound of footsteps making their way across the roof. Someone was on the roof. A few ideas of who it could be flashed through her mind, but one thing was clear. There was someone on her roof and she was going to find out who. She pulled herself out of her comfortable chair and grabbed her coat from a hook by the door. Her scarf was wrapped extra times around her neck and she pulled her hat down so she could barely see. She slipped on her thickest mittens and her warmest boots, which were her only boots. Once ready and wrapped up tight to protect herself from the cold, she ran over to the fireplace and looked up the chimney. She could totally fit; at least she hoped she would. It looked wide enough. There were footholds on either side of the chimney for people to climb up when it was being cleaned. So, without another thought, she squeezed herself into the chimney and started to climb. Half way up she started to feel the cold of the blizzard raging outside. Arthur had almost made it to the chimney, walking across the roof had been harder then he had anticipated. He hoped it was warmer inside the house where everyone was supposed to be sleeping. He was almost there when his pant leg got caught on a nail sticking up from the roof. Arthur tried to pull free but it wouldn't budge and he wasn't about to drop the bag of presents. \"Arthur?\" The voice was muffled because of her scarf but Arthur still heard it through the snow. He looked towards the chimney and saw that someone had popped their head out of the chimney, staring at him. He almost didn't recognize her because of how wrapped up she was. \"Hello Jamie.\" He waved as if him being on her roof was nothing out of the ordinary. \"What are you doing up here?\" She called. \"Delivering presents.\" Arthur couldn't think of any other excuse for why he was up here. \"I may also be a little stuck.\" He gestured towards his pant leg. \"Hang on a sec.\" Jamie started to climb out of the chimney. \"No, that really isn't necessary.\" Arthur tried but Jamie didn't stop, either that or she just didn't hear him, he couldn't he sure. Jamie planted her feet on the top of the roof, steadying herself with her hands stretched out on either side of her. She seemed to be performing some kind of balancing act as she made her way over to Arthur, wobbling to whole way like she was walking on a tightrope. She seemed to be having an easier time walking across the roof then Arthur and the elves had. Before long she had reached Arthur and bent down to untangle the nail from Arthur's pant leg. \"Thanks.\" Arthur shouted over the wind as Jamie stood up straight again. \"No problem.\" Then she stopped, spotting the elves behind Arthur who seemed to be clinging to ropes that were hanging from some unseen aircraft. \"So I guess this is why you're always busy around Christmas.\" It wasn't the reaction Arthur was expecting for when she finally found out about him. She wasn't freaking out or thinking that he was crazy. She just accepted it right there and then. Arthur was Santa Claus. Of course that was logical. \"The kids are all asleep.\" She yelled, pointing at the roof and the rooms bellow it. \"They're waiting for you.\" \"Good to hear they still believe.\" Arthur smiled. \"We should probably get off the roof.\" \"Good idea.\" Jamie slowly started to turn around and make her way back to the chimney, Arthur following close behind, still clutching his bag. Then Jamie stepped on a patch of ice and slipped. Arthur reached out for her but missed. She only had enough time to gasp before she disappeared over the edge of the roof. \"Jamie!\" Arthur yelled. Without hesitating, he jumped off the roof after her. He had managed to wrap the string that held his sack full of presents shut around his wrist tight enough that he didn't have to hold it. The rope that attached him to the chimney caught him and Arthur caught Jamie by the hand. For a moment they just hung there. Jamie's heart was beating almost out of her chest, but it still wasn't beating as much as Arthur's. He'd almost lost her and he didn't like that feeling. Jamie looked up at him, eyes wide. \"How close are you to the ground?\" Arthur called down to her. \"Not too far.\" She looked down to check. \"I'll be fine if you let go.\" \"You sure?\" He didn't really want to let go of her. \"I'll be fine.\" She tried to reassure him with a smile. \"Okay.\" Arthur slowly loosened his grip on her hand. Jamie dropped and landed feet flat on the ground. She stumbled off balance and fell into the snow. Arthur heard her laugh. She looked up at him, still hanging off the roof, and gave him two thumbs up. She was fine. \"See you inside.\" She called up to him and took a set of keys from her coat pocket. Arthur sighed with relief as the elves started to pull him back up. They couldn't have done it with Jamie's additional weight but Arthur wasn't too hard by himself. Arthur finally made it to the chimney and climbed down with the presents. When he came out through the fireplace Jamie was already there, waiting for him. Her hair was wet from the snow and she had already hung up all of her snow-covered clothes. She reached down and pulled Arthur out of the fireplace. Jamie was wearing a Christmas green turtleneck with jeans and reindeer slippers. She smiled at Arthur as she pulled him up. The two of them placed the gifts from his red sack carefully under the tree. There was one for each of the children and even one for Florence. When Jamie wasn't looking, Arthur slipped her gift under the Christmas tree as well. \"Well I think we both had a part in saving Christmas this year.\" Jamie laughed. \"Make sure you have a safe trip back, Santa Claus.\" \"I'll never get used to hearing that name after my father being called that for so long.\" Arthur laughed his wheezy laugh. \"I think you make a great Santa Claus.\" Jamie walked with him back over to the fireplace. \"Can't wait to see the kids' faces when they come down and see the gifts under the tree.\" \"Wish I could be there.\" Arthur sighed. \"Wish you could too. Maybe one year, but you need to get back before the blizzard gets any worse.\" She nodded. \"Until next time.\" Arthur grinned and slipped into the fireplace. \"Arthur!\" Jamie called him back. Arthur pocked his head out of the fireplace and before he knew what was happening Jamie had kissed him on the lips. He was startled for a moment, his cheeks going red. \"I couldn't let you leave without giving you your Christmas present.\" Her face was so close to his. He leaned forward and they kissed again. \"It's the perfect gift.\" He grinned. \"Merry Christmas Jamie.\" \"Merry Christmas Arthur.\" She smiled. The next morning the children ran down the stairs to find that Santa Claus had come and he had left presents under the tree for each one of them. Jamie loved watching them open their gifts and seeing the looks on their faces. She held a mug of hot tea, still warming up from her adventure on the roof. Florence had put on a Santa Claus hat and was giving out the gifts. It was all the more special to watch because Jamie knew who had put them there. Once all the children had their presents, Florence came over and handed Jamie a box of her own. She didn't remember seeing Arthur slip it under the tree. Jamie put down her cup of hot tea and unwrapped the gift. She lifted the lid and her face lit up. She reached in and pulled out her own goofy Christmas sweater, putting it on right away. There was a letter with it as well, but she would read that later. For now she just sat in her armchair enjoying Christmas in her new favorite sweater. And it was the best Christmas ever. Thanks for reading and please tell me what you think with an awesome REVIEW! I'd really appreciate it. Still open for more ideas and if you have any questions just put it in a review. Hope you keep following because Arthur and Jamie can't stay apart for long. See you next time.[Chapter 6] And here it is, the last chapter. I'm sad to see it end but I have a lot of other projects to get to and school is starting up again. All good things must come to an end some time. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas, only my OCs and this storyline. Hope you enjoy. Reckless It had almost been a year since the last time Arthur had seen Jamie. He had wanted to go visit her at some other point during the year but had never gotten the chance to slip away. Now that Christmas was only a couple months away the North Pole had become a mad house of elves scurrying around, trying to tie the final bow on the present, the final touch to another great Christmas. Arthur should have been excited like he usually was around this time of year, but there was something else on his mind. It had been a whole month since Arthur received Jamie's last letter. There hadn't been anything unusual about that letter. It was the usual catching up and joking around, but this was the longest Arthur had ever waited for one of her letters. He was so lost in thought that he didn't notice the small elf running towards him. To get his attention the elf had to tug on his pant led. Arthur shook his head and looked down to see the elf holding a letter out to him. He took it quickly, not forgetting to thank the elf. Arthur opened the letter carefully, his eyes scanning over the words. He stopped. Then read the words again. Without any hesitation, he sped down to where he was keeping the small sleigh. As fast as he could he hooked up a couple reindeer, and before he knew it he was in the air, flying a course he knew by heart. It wasn't long before he was landing in his usual hiding place. He tightened his green scarf around his neck and made his way through the snow towards the familiar house, only blocks away. He hopped up the steps to the door and knocked. \"Arthur!\" He heard someone behind him, spinning around, and there she was. Jamie looked like she had been running, her breaths coming out in wheezing puffs. \"I got your letter a couple hours ago.\" Arthur hurried down the stairs towards her. \"How long has Christopher been missing?\" \"Since this morning.\" She panted. \"I woke up and found him gone. He wasn't in his room. I've looked everywhere, Arthur.\" \"Don't worry, Jamie.\" He put a hand on her shoulder and tried a smile. \"We'll find him. Where's everyone else?\" \"I didn't want to tell you over a letter.\" Jamie lowered her eyes. \"We found them homes, all the kids. They're with good families now, except Christopher. Claire was reluctant to leave him, but I promised her I would protect him. I can't break my promise.\" \"When did this happen?\" Arthur asked. \"In the past month. That's why I haven't written lately. I had to see that they were all picked up and that they had everything they needed.\" Jamie explained. \"Florence said it's time to be looking for another job. These are the last days for the orphanage, but it just didn't feel right to look for another job while Christopher was still here, and now he's run away.\" \"A month?\" Arthur was surprised. It had all happened so fast. This place was Jamie's life and those kids had become like her family. It must have been hard to see them go, even if it was for the better. It would have been like loosing the North Pole for Arthur. \"I don't know where he could have gone.\" Jamie ran her hands through her messy hair, which she hadn't had time to put up into a ponytail before rushing out of the house to find Christopher. \"You know Christopher better then anyone.\" Arthur tried to reassure her. \"Just take a deep breath and think about where he could have gone. He couldn't have gone far.\" Jamie was trying to calm down, but she still looked like she was about to hyperventilate. It felt like all of her nightmares were coming to life all at once. She had a strong fear of failing. What if she had failed Christopher? What if she has failed to keep her promise to Claire? \"Jamie!\" Arthur tried to shake her out of her mental breakdown. \"Freaking out isn't going to help Christopher. Think of it this way, if you were Christopher where would you go if you just wanted to get away or be alone?\" \"Oh my gosh.\" Jamie gasped, her eyes widening in realization. \"What?\" Arthur asked urgently. \"The pond.\" She grabbed Arthur's wrist and pulled him along behind her as she sped off in the direction of the pond. \"It was always his favorite place.\" The two of them swiftly came to the pond. Their hearts pounded in their chests as the horrible possibilities ran through their heads. The pond wouldn't be frozen over completely yet so the ice would still be too thin to skate on. Arthur just hoped they weren't too late. At first the ice looked empty, but then they spotted the small figure wobbling a little ways onto the ice. Arthur had to pull Jamie back before she went running across the ice, sure to go right through. \"Christopher!\" She called out, fear in her eyes as her voice cracked. The young boy looked over his shoulder at them, determined not to be caught, but wavering on his plan to go across the ice. No one would follow him that way. Why would they? Christopher had almost believed that no one would find him here, that no one would have been looking for him. He recognized Arthur from the few times they had met. He still remembered the conversation he and Jamie had had with him in his room a couple years back. But that had been a long time ago. Those words couldn't still be true. Christopher tried to slide further across the ice, away from his pursuers. \"Christopher stop!\" Jamie yelled. She and Arthur broke apart and went in different directions, sticking to the edge of the pond. \"Go away!\" Christopher yelled back, not looking at them. \"Stop following me!\" \"Why did you run away?\" Arthur asked. \"I didn't run away.\" He shouted. \"I left. Why should you care?\" \"Why did you leave?\" Arthur tried again. \"I'm not stupid.\" Christopher was angry. \"I knew what was going on. My home was going to be taken away from me and then I would be alone. So I thought why wait? I was going to be alone anyway.\" \"I wouldn't have let that happen.\" Jamie called out. \"The others are gone.\" He cried. \"You were going to leave too, and find another job.\" \"I wasn't going to leave until I was sure you were safe, Christopher.\" She told him. \"I couldn't do that to you.\" \"No one cares about me.\" Christopher put his mitten-covered hands over his ears, not wanting to listen. \"No one's coming. I don't have a home anymore. I'm alone. One thing you learn from being an orphan is that no one ever comes for you.\" \"Don't say that, Christopher. Don't you ever say that.\" Jamie cried. \"We're here for you. We've come for you and we will always come for you.\" \"I…\" He looked over to where Jamie was standing. You could see the conflict going on inside him, but then the ice started to crack. Christopher froze and so did the others. Their wide eyes found the crack forming under the boy's feet. \"Christopher.\" Arthur spoke very slowly. \"Listen to me very carefully. I want you to stand very still and don't move.\" \"I'm going to go through the ice.\" Christopher gasped. \"No, you're not.\" Arthur's voice was firm, but gentle. \"I'm going to get you out. You're going to be fine. Trust me.\" \"I barely know you.\" \"True.\" Arthur took his first step onto the ice, placing his foot down very gingerly. \"Which means that I could be capable of anything. I could be Santa Claus for all you know.\" \"You're too young to be Santa Claus.\" The conversation was starting to make Christopher relax as Arthur made his way towards him across the ice. Jamie watched them closely, not wanting to add any more weight to the ice. \"Am I?\" Arthur went for a smirk. \"I don't know why it's taking me so long to grow a beard.\" He glanced over at Jamie who gave him a thankful smile. \"I can feel the ice moving.\" Christopher's fears started to rise again. \"You have to be strong now, Christopher.\" Arthur spoke slowly. \"Keep your eyes on me.\" Christopher slowly looked up to meet Arthur's eyes. Arthur tried to keep his uncertainties out of his eyes. \"You're being very brave, Christopher.\" He moved closer, but then a cracking sound made him stop. Three pairs of eyes lowered to see another crack forming in the ice under Arthur's feet. \"Neither of you move.\" Jamie called to them. \"Christopher.\" Arthur looked back to the boy. \"Take my hand. We're going to get through this.\" He took the boy's small hand in his. \"Jamie! Am I right to guess you have a plan?\" \"Not a well thought out plan, if that's what you were aiming for.\" She took a few steps back through the snow away from the edge of the pond. \"Jamie? Think about this.\" Arthur warned. \"I did.\" She smirked. \"For about a minute.\" Then she ran towards the ice. When her boots met the slippery surface she went sliding across it, speeding right towards Christopher and Arthur. Arthur was starting to reevaluate Jamie's sanity when it came to situations like this. It was like last Christmas Eve on the roof. She was being reckless. The funny thing about Jamie and her reckless plans was that they usually worked, and this was no exception. She was going fast enough across the ice that she didn't put too much weight on any part of it for too long, keeping it intact. She collided with Christopher and Arthur with such force that she pushed them the rest of the distance between them and the edge of the ice. They crumpled into a disheveled heap on the ground. \"I can't believe that actually worked.\" Jamie laughed. \"And yet you still did it.\" Arthur smiled. Christopher was breathing hard in his arms where he had landed on top of Arthur. \"You're safe now.\" He tightened his grip on the boy comfortingly. \"Don't ever scare me like that again.\" Jamie tried to be angry, but she was too relieved to see Christopher safe and unharmed. \"You will never need to be alone again, Christopher.\" \"What do you mean?\" The boy looked up at her. \"I made the decision a few days ago and I've gotten the papers signed. I was going to tell you this morning.\" She smiled that familiar smile. \"You'll be living with me. I'll be your official guardian.\" \"Really?\" His face lit up. \"We are going to have to find a place to live though. We can't keep the orphanage.\" She admitted. \"Why don't you both come with me?\" Arthur suggested. \"Really?\" Now it was Jamie's turn to be surprised. \"Come on.\" Arthur got to his feet, helping the others up, and motioning for them to follow him. Jamie slipped her arm through Arthur's, and Christopher took her free hand. They made their way to the spot where Arthur had hidden the sleigh. \"Jamie.\" Arthur leaned over and whispered in her ear so Christopher wouldn't hear. \"Yes.\" Jamie whispered back. \"I haven't even asked you the question yet.\" Arthur looked at her in surprise. \"The answer is still yes.\" She smirked, giving him a kiss. They rounded the corner to see the reindeer and the sled covered by a green sheet. \"Well, Mrs. Claus.\" Arthur grabbed the sheet and whipped it away to reveal the sleigh. Christopher's eyes were wide, in awe. \"To the North Pole it is.\" Thanks for reading and please REVIEW! I do love to hear from you all. I hope you enjoyed the ending. Please tell me what you thought of it. Until we meet again, my fair readers. ","Summary":" Had this story going around in my head after I watched the movie so I thought I would write it down"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Firery Christmas for Steve","Author":"anderson.vettech22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11810746","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chicago December 24 11:56PM \"Steve the alarm!\" exclaimed Arthur as he jumped onto Steve's arm. \"I know, I hear it. I told you to not play with something that isn't yours. We need to get out of here before they wake up and think we are burglars.\" Steve said as he tried to take his arm back from his younger brother. Steve rolled his eyes and was looking for a way out when he heard someone coming down the stairs. He looked over and saw a very scared yet calm woman coming down the stairs holding a baseball bat. \"Don't move you two; I am calling the police.\" Steve grabbed Arthur's hand and ran for it. He sprinted down the street dragging Arthur with him. In the reflection of a window he saw the flashing of a cop car coming. Of course the year Arthur talks him in to getting out of mission control and help him deliver presents Arthur just had to try and pet the cat and set off the alarm. Now they were going to get caught if he couldn't find some where safe to go. The lights were getting closer, so he ducked around another street corner only to meet another unexpected surprise. There she was standing on the steps to her house all bundled in her scarf and jacket with her long brown hair waving in the cold winter wind. She looks over at them and could tell clearly that they were running from something. Great another person that has seen them in one night. This night just keeps getting better and better, Steve thought to himself. Her green- blue eyes looked them up and down and before they could dart of again she spoke the most beautiful sound he had ever heard that almost sounded like a sweet song. \"Hurry up and get in here.\" The two Clause boys exchanged a look before proceeding to follow her in the house. Once they were inside they were strangely greeted by a house over decorated with tons of Christmas decorations. \"Follow me into the kitchen you need to stay away from the windows until the heat out there calms down. I hope your ahead of schedule because I am afraid you might be stuck here for a while.\" She said as she took off her coat and laid it over the back of the chair. Arthur did the same making himself at home. Arthur was the first to speak as he held out his hand. \"Hello, I am Arthur and this is my brother, Steve. Thank you for helping us.\" \"Samantha, but please call me Sam\" Steve still looked shocked that they were in this beautiful strangers' house, but stranger non the less. \"Why did you help us?\" he finally asked. Sam looked they both up and down one more time before answering. As she answered she took three wine glasses out of the cabinet and poured them all a drink. \"Well clearly he is Santa Clause,\" she gestured to Arthur with her glass then to Steve. \"And your, well I don't know what you are because you are too tall and handsome to be an elf.\" Arthur politly declined his wine, but Steve was in need of a drink. How was this grown adult believing in Santa? Before Steve could ask another question the front door bell rang. \"Stay in here out of sight.\" She went to answer the door while Steve was still beside himself. He didn't realize he was staring after her until Arthur said something to him. \"Steve why are you staring at her?\" \"Arthur because clearing something in wrong with her a seemingly normal person who is an adult is ok with you being Santa Clause. That is wrong.\" Before Arthur could answer she was back in the room with them. Her leaving and coming back made Steve think that she was even more beautiful than before and he never realized how petite she was until she came back. She only came to a little below the middle of his chest. Finally, Steve asked the burning question that he had to know, \"why do you believe that he is Santa and not a robber and that there even is one?\" She took a long sip of her wine before answering, \"well you're going to think I am crazy, but oh well. He is clearly Santa because I have never seen so much Christmas joy in anybody's eyes before while being chased by the police. You never did answer my question as to who are you in your pins trip suit.\" \"I am his brother and COO of North Pole operations. You never answered the second part of my question.\" Without noticing he stepped closer to her. He was close enough he could touch her. He had to keep himself composed before he did something stupid. \"Why stop believing in something that no one ever proved to me didn't exists. Clearly I was right.\" Arthur broke up the interrogation that Steve was trying to do by changing the subject. \"So Sam what do you do here in Chicago?\" She took a long sigh and leaned against the wall. This intrigued Steve as to why answering the simplest question seemed painful to her. \"I do many things, but I am a full time firefighter at firehouse 81.\" Sam walked to the sink and dumped the rest of her wine out and without turning around she told them, \"it is safe for you two to leave now and finish your evening.\" Steve headed straight for the door walking as fast as he could like there was a fire in there while Arthur put his coat back on. \"Thank you and happy Christmas. I am sorry about him; he is a little stressed about tonight. Are you going to be alone for Christmas?\" \"No. I am going to my Dad's in the morning. If you are ever in Chicago again and need anything feel free to stop by.\" \"Arthur come on!\" Steve yelled back into the house. \"Well good luck. Tell him to smile more it will make me like him more.\" Sam followed him out on the front steps and watched as they disappeared on what seemed like zip lines into the night sky. Steve looked down at her from the S-1 and wished he know who she really was and wished he could have looked at her one more time before he rushed out, but he needed out of that house before he turned bright red and could catch his breath. She shivered as she walked back into the house. Once she was inside she felt lonely. She cleaned up the glasses and went upstairs to climb in to bed. Once she was comfortable and in bed and almost sleep she jumped up fully awake. \"Did I really call him handsome?\"[Chapter 2] Part 2 North Pole December 25 7:00 AM The Clause dining room \"So nice to have everyone together for Christmas. How as delving presents Steven?\" Mrs. Clause asked her eldest son who was on his phone clearly trying to ignore everyone. \"Techno Tommy is too busy on his calculator,\" exclaimed Grand-santa throwing some food off of his fork at Steve. Steve looked up and glared at the old man over his phone. \"It is a hand held operational and homing organizer- the HOHO 3000. It was fine. A few glitches with Arthur, but nothing I couldn't handle.\" Then, Arthur thought it was a good idea to give more details of the misshape that had taken place the evening before to ruin Steve's calm manner. \"Steve did great! I had never seen him run so fast when he was trying to keep us from getting arrested. I mean he did great until we ran in to Samantha and she helped us by letting us stay with her until the police left.\" There was silence and all your heard was silver wear being dropped onto plates. Everyone exchanged a look of concern and then stared Steve down. This reaction made Steve's face turn a deep red color. Mr. Clause and Grand-santa started laughing at the story, but Mrs. Clause was not as amused. \"Steven! Did he just say police and who is this Samantha?\" Mrs Clause voice sounded terrified at the whole thing. \"She is nobody just a woman that helped Arthur and I.\" Steve stood instantly waving his hands in front of himself. \"Wow! Mr. Special got saved by a girl!\" Grand-santa laughed even harder as he poked him with his cane. \"She was very nice Mom. She was an adult who still believes. She also, liked Steve, a lot.\" Arthur chimed in making Steve's face turn even redder then it already was which no one thought was possible. He never knew when to stop did he? Steve asked himself. \"Oh, did she? Did you thank her for her help and hospitality?\" Mrs. Clause asked giving Steve a side long glance. \"I did, but Steve ran out as soon as the coast was clear without saying good-bye.\" Wow, way to throw me under the bus Arthur! Steve was yelling in his head. Steve instantly stormed out before they could reply and headed to his living quarters to ignore all of them. Why would Arthur bring that up? She didn't like him did she? He finally got to his rooms and changed into something more comfortable and crawled into bed. He picked up his book to read, but he found that he couldn't focus. He had to get up out of bed to pace to help himself think. His mind keep circling back to what Arthur had said, that she liked him. Despite all of his efforts to think of something else to calm his mind, he just kept seeing her flawless face. He wasn't sure if she liked him but, three things he did figure out, She was the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen He wished he had known more about her He knew that he had to see her again somehow There was a knock at his door that broke his thought and stopped him in his tracks. He opened the door to find his mother on the other side holding an espresso and a tray of cookies. She could tell that something was bothering him and they needed to talk. \"Come in Mother.\" He stood aside to allow her to come in. She walked over and sat on his bed and patted the spot next to her. He took a seat and took the espresso, which was the last thing he needed right, but he wasn't going to turn down something his mother had made. Mrs. Clause just sat there looking at her son who was about to break and waited for him to open up. Finally, Steve started talking, \"I like her a lot.\" He had said this to the floor rather than to her. Steve stood back up to pace again. \"I am sorry, I wasn't that nice to her, but I was scared of her she was like a beautiful angel that I thought was disappear.\" Before she could reply he started rambling again and talking extremely fast. \"Why is just one woman causing so many problems? Why me? Why now? My life was great I was running things flawlessly, now all I can do is just see her dazzling eyes. I mean I can't even read my book.\" He threw the book across the room and he sunk to the floor holding his head in his hands. Mrs. Clause walked over to stand in front of her broken son, \"Do you want to know what is wrong?\" \"I have gone mental!\" \"Steven! No you have fallen in love with this woman.\" \"Impossible, I barely I know her.\" \"You do and you need to go tell her how you feel and also, thank her for helping Arthur and you. By the way I never want to hear you two are ever chased by the police again.\" Steve finally stood up and walked to the other side of the room to pick up the book he threw and to let everything sink in that his mother had told him. \"What would I do? What would I say?\" \"Go see her and tell her how you really feel.\" \"Should I take her a present?\" \"I can make her some of my cookies. Go visit her at work that will make it more romantic; I would like grandchildren one day and you seem like the only one out of the two of you interested in woman.\" Steve looked over shocked at what is mother just told him and turned red at realizing what she had said, then he sobered. \"What if she doesn't like me?\" Mrs. Clause walked over and kissed him on the check, \"if she doesn't then she is stupid and I will have to take care of her. No one hurts my boys.\" \"Mother I am not a child anymore.\" She walked to the door to leave but, before she left for the night she paused to look back at her son who was turning into an adult. \"You will always be my little boy. Good-night Steven.\" As soon as she was gone Steve got to work on figuring out a plan on how and when he was going to see her. At least it was after Christmas they weren't as busy and he had some more time off. Once he had a clear plan he to lay down to try and get some sleep. He planned on getting up early to get his work done early so he could start getting ready for his trip back to Chicago. That night he feel asleep with a smile on his face that he couldn't get rid of.[Chapter 3] Please read and review I would love feed back on if I am doing a good job writing my story or not. Thanks pleas enjoy. Chicago Fire house 81 January 3 10:00AM Steve was beyond nervous and slightly embarrassed, he got a couple of elves to drop him off in the S-1 and to pick him up when he was finished. He wore his typical Christmas camo and had a dozen of his mother's best cookies just as she promised. He was shaking as he approached the fire house; all of the horrible scenarios were going through his head. One of the engines were sitting outside with a couple of men in bunker gear putting tools away, so he walked over to them with his hands trembling now. \"Can I help you?\" one of the men asked looking at Steve's strange clothes. \"I- I am looking for Samantha.\" Steve was sweeting despite the freezing January temperature. \"Who is asking?\" which came out a little defensive Steve thought and all of the men put down their tools and were now looking at them. \"My name is Steve. She helped my brother, Arthur and I a couple weeks back. I was just bringing her a thank you present.\" \"Well she is Bata shift so, she won't be on until tomorrow.\" \"Thank you.\" Steve took a big sigh and started to walk away. He was so glad that he had another 24 hours to prepare to see her again. \"Hey! I wouldn't come scared of her. She can smell fear!\" the man yelled after him and they all started laughing. Was this man serious? What if she could tell her was scared to see her? That just made him even more nervous to tell her. Chicago Fire house 81 11:00pm January 4 Sam was sitting behind her desk trying to work on papers for calls they had been on, but she had heard that a man was there yesterday looking for her. The description that Danny from the Alpha shift gave her was that it was either Casey, her best friend, or it was Steve from Christmas eve. She didn't know why, but she was hoping it was Steve. There was no way it was Steve she was sure he was a busy man and he didn't have any reason to come back to Chicago to see her. She just couldn't shake the image of him from her thoughts. As much as she wished it was Steve here yesterday she hoped that it wasn't she had just got out of a terrible relationship two months ago and she was still dealing with scares left from Wesley. There was a knock on her door, she looked up to find her best friend, Erika standing in the door way. \"Your door is open. I am guessing it is safe to come in?\" Erika was one of her four best friends; she worked with her father in the Chicago police violent crimes division. They have been friends for years, her father saved her life and moved her in to live with them when they were both still in high school. \"Yes, you can come in. What brings you to my office detective?\" Sam couldn't help but laugh after the comment because she was dressed for work with her gun belt and badge, but she never come to see her about business in her office just gossip. \"I came to ask if you were still coming to Platt's bachelorette party this Saturday? Also, to see how you are doing you haven't been yourself since Christmas. Your dad says that you seem distracted. Did you meet someone? Or is Wesley bothering you again?\" Before Sam could answer her other best friend Jessy came running with her cup of coffee spilling it on her uniform. \"Don't start the story without me!\" \"Jessy shouldn't you be helping Chris with inspections or something?\" \"No and stop avoiding the question.\" \"No Wesley isn't bothering me or I would be in jail for kicking his ass. I kind of meet someone.\" She shrugged as her face turned red. \"I knew it!\" Jessy yelled at the top of her lungs spilling the rest of her coffee. \"Jessy please stop yelling.\" \"Wait, what do you mean that you kind of met someone?\" asked Erika as she got up to close the door to the office, so no one could barge in. \"Well… remember that burglary call on Christmas Eve that was two blocks away from my house?\" They both nodded at her as she got up to pace behind her desk. She was trying to decide on what to say because she didn't think that they would believe her that she had saved Santa Clause and his handsome brother. \"Well the two people that they thought were burglars weren't. They were… Santa Clause and his brother. Their names were Arthur and Steve, and I just can't get Steve out of my mind he was so handsome and sexy. I can't focus on anything without thinking about that night. That is why I kind of met someone because I am never going to see him again and I just need to stop thinking about him. He is not just going to drop everything and come to Chicago to see me!\" Now Sam was yelling and the two girl just stared at her. \"Sam there is no such thing as Santa Clause. I think you need a vacation is what is really going on.\" Erika said grabbing Sam's shoulders to get her to stop pacing. There was a knock on her door which made all of them jump. \"I will answer the door and you pull yourself together.\" Sam sat down in her chair and turned to face away from everybody. She felt so embarrassed because she knew they wouldn't believe her, but she had to try and maybe Erika is right I need some time off. I have never taken a vacation since starting at the CFD, and maybe Erika is right I am just going crazy and none of that even happened. \"How can I help you?\" Erika asked the tall gentleman on the other side of the door. The voice that answered made Sam stand up and forget all professionalism that she instilled in herself while at work. \"I am here to see Samantha.\" Steve told the lady standing in front of her with her hand resting on her gun belt. Steve was starting to get worried everyone seemed to raise an eyebrow at him when he would ask for her. \"Erika, it is fine he can come in. Steve what are you doing here?\" everything came out a little like a plea then a question. Erika and Jessy both looked him up and down and then looked over at Sam who was turning bright red and shaking. \"Well I came to say thank you for the other night I had left without saying anything and that was rude of me after you went out of your way to help us. I brought you a present which was cookies, but the men down stairs took the box and ate them already.\" \"Well Sam we believe you now and damn why didn't you keep him locked up in your basement? He is sexy and polite you don't find many men like that anymore.\" Jessy said making it even more awkward than it already was in her small office. \"Samantha may I talk to you in private please?\" Steve asked looking a little afraid of the other two females in the room which wouldn't stop smiling and staring at him. \"Yes. Jessy go finish doing inspections and Erika I will see you on Saturday.\" They both took that as their dismissal to leave. Sam took a seat behind her desk again and motioned for Steve to take a seat in front of her, but he declined. \"I can't sit still; it is better if I stand.\" \"That is fine. How can I help you Steve, and please call me Sam.\" Well Steve started to pace back and forth in front of her in the small cluttered office. Steve was looking around at all the books stacked around the office and the pictures of her friends and family all over the office. He was trying to find things to distract him from what he was about to tell her. Before, Steve could tell her how he felt there was a loud ringing and a voice over the announcement system; \"battalion 81, truck 18, squad 8, and ambulance 89 respond. Person on ledge of 18 high rise possible suicide police on scene.\" \"I am so sorry Steve I have to go we have a call, but you can wait here I shouldn't be gone long it is just a suicide call.\" She took off running down the hall, but she looked back at him before busting threw the doors and smiled at him. That made Steve's heart melt her smile was stunning. He decided to stay in her office until she came back. Steve was looking at all of the books in piles around the room, so he started picking them up and reading the titles to learn some more about her. He noticed that none of the books were about the same topics. Emergency surgery in the field, Woman in leadership, Chicago fire department guidelines and procedures, and The soldier life: a memoir of Iraq soldiers were theones that stood out to Steve. Why did she need such a wide range of books in her office he could understand the ones about the fire department, but why the others? He started looking at all of the pictures on her desk. She looked beyond happy in all of them. They were all of her friends and family and three of those pictures caught his attention. One picture was her in a graduation cap and gown hugging an older man he could only assume was her father. The second, was her on a boat in her bathing suit driving with the man that told him where her office was smiling drinking a beer. The final picture he was staring at was a woman that looked very similar to her pushing a younger Sam on the swings at a park. The picture looked old and faded, but valuable it was in a very nice frame that said \"mommy.\" Steve didn't know how long he had been standing there staring at that picture, but Sam found him holding it when she returned. \"That is me and my Mom. She passed away when I was 15. She passed away on Christmas and she is why I never stopped believing.\" There was a slight tear in her eye as she walked over to him in her office. He could tell that it was a touchy subject and without thinking he pulled her into a hug, she hugged him back. It was now or never he had to tell her. \"Sam I love you. I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since I meet you. I think you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen and the kindest I have ever meet. I have missed you. I really do love you.\" Steve whispered into her ear as he hugged her tight. She stiffened up and she pushed away and started walking away, and then running. Steve started to chase her to apologize for what he had done, but she turned on him once they were outside. \"Why!? I have been trying to get over a cheating back stabbing doctor and now you come along! I know you won't stay in Chicago, so what is the point?\" She was yelling at him and tears were running down her face. \"Sam I am sorry. I just had to at least tell you how I felt; I couldn't live without you at least knowing that I love you. I will leave. I am sorry I ruined everything.\" \"No don't apologize! Don't leave!\" She was still yelling at him he was so confused now as to why she was acting like this. He thought that either she would be happy at what he told her or she would tell him to move on and break his heart not yell at him for it when he told her. \"Then what do you want me to do?\" he asked begging her to tell him what to do. He was so scared of how she was acting and his heart was breaking having her yelling at him. This defiantly wasn't how he had it planned out. Now she was being so loud that a couple people had started coming out of the fire house to make sure that she was fine. \"Kiss me.\" Without thinking Steve walked over and pulled her in close wrapping his arms around her back and kissed her deeply and passionately. She returned the kiss wrapping her arms around his neck and running her fingers threw his hair. He needed to stop the kiss so he could breath, but he couldn't break it he wanted it to last forever. He was afraid that if her stopped now it might never happen again. Finally, she stopped the kiss and was breathing heavy. \"You really do love me don't you?\" \"Yes I truly do love you with all of my being. I would give up everything and move to Chicago if that means I could be with you every day for the rest of my life.\" He was still holding her in his arms and she now grabbing the front of his shirt looking up into his crystal blue eyes. \"Call me crazy I have only meet you twice, but I just have this feeling that when I think about you and dream about you that takes over me. I think I love you too. I would never want you to stop doing Christmas because of me. I am sorry I said that and I am sorry I ran away from you. I just started thinking about my life that is in pieces right now and I got scared.\" \"I can help you work on that.\" Steve kissed her again, but this time gently like she was a delicate flower. Then, he heard clapping behind him and stopped and turned to look at who was clapping. It was Jessy, the woman who wouldn't stop smiling at him earlier and the man from the boat picture in her office. \"Yes! Love it! Sam I like him!\" Jessy was yelling while jumping up and down. \"Jessy please stop yelling.\" Sam took Steve by the handed and headed back into the fire house and to her office. Once inside she shut the door and turned looking at Steve with a smile on her face. Steve was smiling back he couldn't believe that she loved him back and he almost didn't know what to do next. \"Well what do we do now? I mean you live at the North Pole and I am here in Chicago?\" Steve walked over to her and wrapped her in his arms where he could feel her relax. \"We can do a long distance relationship until we get to know each other and we can work something out.\" \"Sounds perfect. Do you have a phone?\" \"Well it isn't like yours and I don't know if you can call me on yours or not?\" \"We can find out.\" She handed him her phone to put his number in to see if she could call it or not and believe it or not it worked. \"Well I have to finish out my shift here. I am not sure how long you are in town, but you can stay at my house if you would like to.\" \"I have off this whole week from work, so I would love to stay with you.\" \"Great. I can't have you here today because I have a lot of meetings to attend, but you can go to my house and make yourself at home. I get off of shift at 7:00AM tomorrow morning.\" She took off her house key and gave it to him she didn't want him to leave, but she had a lot of work to do. He gave her a kiss on the check and left, he was on cloud nine he couldn't be happier, but he was going to miss her until tomorrow.[Chapter 4] Sorry for taking so long to post a new chapter I was busy with work and school I got a little behind. I hope you enjoy it was a struggle to write this chapter I don't know why. As always comment. The next morning, when Sam got home from work she walked in the house expecting to be greeted by Steve, but found him asleep laying on her couch with his one hand hanging off the edge with his phone on the floor. Sam walked over to him and coved him with the blanket that was on the floor and watched him sleep. He looked so peaceful and handsome. She ran her fingers threw his hair as his phone on the floor starting ringing. She quickly picked it up to silence it and saw that it said Mother on the caller ID she was going to wake him, but he looked so tired it would be better to let him sleep. Sam went into the kitchen to start making breakfast when she heard his phone ringing again she walked out picked it up off the table and silenced it again. This time it was his Father calling. She took the phone with her in case they tried calling again. She was mixing up batter for pancakes when she kept hearing his phone ringing. She walked over to look and see who was calling again and it said two missed calls from Peter and ten unread text messages from Peter. She was half tempted to read them just to know why this person was texting him so much, but it was his phone and his privacy. She just silenced it again and turned back to making breakfast. Sam was cooking pancakes at the stove when she was suddenly wrapped in a pair of strong arms. Steve had woken up before breakfast was done and Sam felt bad. \"Well good morning sleeping beauty.\" Sam said still cooking as Steve kissed her neck, hugging her close to him. \"How was work and when did you come in?\" Steve stepped back to let her finish cooking. He was starving and it smelled better than his moms cooking, of course he would never admit that to her face. Sam had set the table and had everything ready there was nothing for him to do for her. \"Steve did you bring any other clothes with you?\" Sam asked while poring syrup all over her plate as they sat down to eat. \"No because I wasn't sure what was going to happen when I came back to see you.\" \"That is fine I can find something for you to wear.\" \"Why?\" Steve had taken one bite and was in love with her cooking it was better than his mom's. \"We are going out tonight that is why. I am taking you to my favorite place to be with my friends, but I need find something for you to wear. You can't wear that out in public people will look at you weird.\" The front door open and closed and Sam never went to look which Steve thought was a little strange, but it was her house. Then the man from the fire house and pictures walked in to the kitchen. He made himself and plate and sat down at the table with them. The man held out his hand to Steve to introduce himself. \"I am Casey Schull.\" \"Steven Clause, but please call me Steve.\" Steve stared him down unsure as to why he was here. \"Casey lives here with me. He is practically my brother.\" Sam could see the confusion on his face as to why Casey was there with them. Steve still looked confused and little disappointed. \"Yeah, she keeps all of the whores and strippers out.\" \"Well you wouldn't have that problem if you didn't sleep with half the city.\" She gave him a little push. \"Casey can you lend Steve some clothes to wear? He is the same size as you.\" \"Sure just go in my room and grab something.\" They walked up the stairs together until they got to a lovely hardwood polished landing. There were three doors off to the right side. Sam led him to the far one which was Casey. Sam sat on the end of Casey's bed while Steve got changed in the bathroom to make sure that the clothes would fit him. \"How was work?\" Steve asked while changing in the jeans and shirt that Sam picked out. \"It was work. We were busy last night lots of accidents. Your phone kept ringing while you were asleep you have a lot of missed calls and unread messages.\" \"I will call them back later, right now I would like to spend time with you and not worry about work.\" \"So, tell me about what you do up at the North Pole.\" Steve didn't hesitate he told her everything from him training the elves to helping his brother and running everything perfectly like a smooth military operation. \"How come Arthur is Santa and not you?\" \"Well, I was supposed to be Santa, but a couple years ago a child was missed and Arthur did everything he could to deliver the present and because of that our Father thought that he would make a better Santa then me.\" \"Oh. Did Arthur try to take it from you, or it was just something that happened.\" \"It just happened. I saw that you are lieutenant at the fire house tell me about that.\" Before Sam could answer her phone rang, it was Wesley her ex-boyfriend no surprise that she ignored the phone call. As soon as she ignored the call he started calling right back, so she decided to answer. \"What the hell do you want?\" Steve could hear her answer her phone. He didn't mean to ease drop, but he wanted to know who she was talking to instead of answering his questions about her. He didn't know who it was, but he could tell that it was a man's voice on the other end of the phone. \"No I am not covering your shift tonight!\" There was a short pause before she answered back. \"No! I have a guest staying with me and I am taking him out tonight.\" There was another pause and Steve could tell by her voice that she was getting annoyed. \"Yes the gentleman I kissed outside of the fire house. How do you know about that? That isn't important. No I am not coving your shift. Good-bye.\" Steve came out of the bathroom to see if she was ok and she was sitting on the end of the bed looking down at the phone in her hands. \"Are you ok?\" She had a single tear slide down her face and she wiped it away before she thought Steve could notice. \"Yes I am fine. It was someone asking me to cover their shift at the hospital.\" Steve went over and sat next to her on the bed and took her hand holding it in hers. He gently kissed her in the check before asking her, \"you work at the hospital too?\" \"Well in a way yes. I pick up shifts from time to time. I am really never home I work all the times because if I sit still too long I start thinking about things like my mom and things that have happened to me.\" She stood up from the bed and turned and looked at him after taking a dep breath. \"Well I am getting in the shower from my long shift and then I want to take you some place.\" She didn't wait for a response she walked out of the room and into hers. Steve could hear the shower turn on and a stereo. As Steve was walking down the steps when Casey asked if he could talk to him. He followed him in to the garage to talk. \"Hey man I know you like her and everything I am just warning you if you hurt her you will deal with me and the rest of fire house 81 and we aren't as friendly.\" Casey said trying to make it sound like a casual conversation. \"I am not here to lead her on. I think I love her and I don't plan on hurting her and I am actually worried that she is going to change her mind about me.\" \"I don't think that is going to happen she couldn't stop smiling after you left yesterday. Something you need to know she doesn't like to talk about herself. She likes to talk about others she doesn't like it when people learn about her because she doesn't want anyone looking at her differently and giving her sympathy.\" Steve was very interested on what Casey was telling him about her because she seemed so happy and couldn't image that she was upset about anything. \"What do you mean?\" \"If you want to know something about her past she won't tell you. Ask me, Erika, or Jessy we will tell you to an extent. She is a powerful woman leader and she doesn't want to show any weakness.\" Casey started putting his car in the garage to work on it. \"Why do you say that she doesn't want people to feel sorry for her? What happened?\" Casey motioned to the box of tools sitting by Steve. Steve handed them to him he was trying to take apart his car while talking to him. \"Well would you like to start from the beginning?\" \"Yes. Please.\" \"I am telling you the important parts if you want details you will have to try and get her to tell you. Well when we were in high school junior year her mom passed away from cancer right before prom. She went MIA for a while after that. Her and her mom were close they were always together. Her mom was a trauma nurse at Chicago medical center and her dad is a cop with the special victims' unit. After high school she was faced with a choice join the fire department because at this point she was the youngest woman to ever make it to squad, but she decided to join the Marines, and become a trauma doctor in honor of her mom. After 6 tours overseas she found out that, that job isn't for her. She moved back to Chicago after her last tour and wanted to joining the CFD, but they weren't hiring. So, she had to settle with working in the police force with her dad because she already had training in the field from being in the Marines. She had lost a friend in that unit that got kidnapped, raped, and murdered and she pushed for me to find her a job in the CFD. It worked out. I got in trouble and lost my title of lieutenant and Sam had applied and got the position and that is how she ended up at CFD. The job she should have started out in the first place. She should have just followed her dream from the beginning not her mother's or her fathers. She is the kindest person I have ever meet and she will do anything for anybody, like she always says her door is always open.\" Steve was quite for a while to let everything that Casey had told him sink in. His phone started ringing and it was a message from Peter that said, \"work is getting backed up and Arthur is ruining everything with him gone and things are getting messed up.\" Steve finally realized that he needed to go home tomorrow and back to work and find another time to come see her. Before Steve could respond to Casey, Sam walked in to the garage. \"What is going on in here?\" She asked walking over to Steve and grabbing his hand. Her hand felt warm and soft in his. Steve felt his face get warm as he blushed at her touch. \"Nothing just having bro time.\" Casey said taking the top off of a beer next to him. \"What are you doing today?\" \"Well I was going to take Steve to see the hall of fame. Why?\" Sam asked as she walked over and took the beer out of Casey's hand and threw in the trash can. \"It is only 10:00 in the morning.\" Casey gave her glare and Steve was glad for the brother sister relationship that he could tell that they had. \"Can you stop by Ricky's and pick up my new pistons I ordered?\" \"No that it in the opposite direction from where I am going. You can take my car if you need to.\" Sam pulled on Steve's hand to leave. They got in to her truck to leave and he dreaded to tell her that he had to leave tomorrow, but he already had 3 other messages from Arthur and Peter. Sam turned on the radio, but Steve turned it off he wanted to talk to her to try and get to know her better before he had to leave. \"Have you always lived in Chicago?\" he asked grabbing her hand sitting on the gear shift. \"No I grew up here, but I spent some time in Baltimore, Maryland for a little while before I moved back here.\" \"Sam, I am sorry, but I have to go back home tomorrow. I have work I have to get back to, but I can visit in a week or two and we can talk on the phone.\" Steve felt his heart break as he told her he had to leave. He was worried that she was going to get mad because they just meet. \"That is fine. It works out I called out of my other job today to spend time with you and if I do that two days in a row they are going to get worried. I am going to miss you, but I understand. So, do you just have the one brother?\" She asked seeming a little disappointed but she didn't let it show. \"Yes it is just Arthur and I. I am older by 5 years. Do you have any siblings?\" Sam sighed before answering his question. \"I have an older brother named Jason, but he doesn't live in Chicago. He lives in Seattle with his girlfriend and his son.\" Steve could tell that she was starting to get uncomfortable answering questions about herself. Casey was right she didn't like talking about herself at all. They pulled up to a white building that had an antique fire engine out front. She got out of the truck and motioned for him to follow. She lead him up the steps, it was the Chicago fire museum. \"I know Casey told you about me I heard the whole thing.\" \"I am so sorry I shouldn't have gone behind your back!\" Steve was about to go on, but she interrupted him. \"Stop, let me finish. I have never been good at sharing things from my past or even talking about myself, but I have realized that I need to stop that. If I want an adult relationship with you I have to tell you about me and about what I do, or what would we have to talk about?\" They were inside the building now. \"Teach me.\" Sam walked with him down the hall way. They passed a couple old engines and some gear put on display. There were picture of men and women in uniform and badges hanging on the wall. She stopped in front of a picture on the wall that was of a what looked like a graduating class. Steve looked closer and he could see Sam and Casey in the picture. \"I am the youngest woman to ever make squad. I had made squad right out of high school I would have been the youngest person ever, if Casey hadn't made it because he is two months younger than me. In high school I had always though I would stay with the CFD, but everything changed when my Mom passed away. I wanted to make her proud. She always supported me being a female firefighter because there aren't many, but I didn't know if she would be proud of me doing that for the rest of my life.\" There was a hitch in her words like she was going to stop and cry, so Steve stood behind her and wrapped her in his arms. \"My Dad never wanted me to be a fire fighter, so I knew that I had to choose another profession to make him proud. My brother joined that Army and I had never seen him so happy. Not even when I graduated from high school with a 4.2 GPA. I joined that Marines and I didn't just want to be a soldier. I decided to be a Trauma surgeon in honor of my Mom.\" She pushed away and started walking down the hallway. Then stopped at another picture that was a young woman who had died in the line of duty as a paramedic. Steve noticed that there was a testimony about her by Casey, Jessy and Sam. \"I never signed up for six tours overseas to the war. I got fed up with how I was treated. I was able to step back to reserves after number six. At this point I was living in Baltimore. I moved back to Chicago, I missed home. I moved in with my dad for a while until I found where I am living now. I had, had enough of being a doctor for a while, so I tried to join the CFD which by this time I realized I should have been there the entire time. They weren't hiring and I needed a job, so I joined the police force with my Dad on his team. My dad actually had employed a couple of other military personnel and ironically I knew them. I served overseas with them.\" She turned and started walking down the hallway again. Steve was confused as to why the couple stops they had made were related to the story she was telling. They stopped at the end of the hall which had another picture of a man in his thirty's that was fire fighter, that also died in the line of duty. Steve held her hand he could tell that none of this was easy for her. \"A couple months in I had made a friend threw Erika that got this woman a job with us. She had been from the other side of the tracks, but she wanted to become a police officer, so Erika and I took her under our wing. We had a case with this psycho rapist that was kidnapping and murdering woman with brown hair. Well we were closing in on him and he kid napped her and killed her. Erika and I hunted him in there the city and found him and put him in jail for life. Her not making it killed me and Erika inside. She took time off and I left the force. Casey had been demoted and I applied and got the job in the CFD. I realized that no matter what I did I needed to do for myself from that moment on. I became an inspirational woman leader I have given lots of speeches about my climb to power and how I keep my position in my job that is usually for men.\" She was crying silently by now. \"My dad never once had said he was proud of me for anything that I had done in my life.\" Steve felt like that the last thing she said was partially from his life with his family especially his dad. She slowly walked to the opposite side of the hallway which was testimonials from people that had been saved over the years and had written letter or drawn pictures for their heroes. She walked over to a drawing of a little girl and a woman fire fighter and a letter from the mother saying how happy she was that her daughter was alive and thanked the brave young woman that saved their lives. \"A little over a year ago we got hit for a call that involved a bridge collapse. When we arrived on scene there was a car hanging over the edge. The bridge couldn't hold the weight of the squad to save the woman and little girl inside. I went to get them. I had my harinise and rope line on. I got the mother to safty and went back for the little girl. As I am pulling the little girl out the part of the bridge we are on gives way. We fall with the car. We fell about 10 feet before the safety lines clicks. They pull us up. As we are being pulled up my lines starts to break. Casey was standing at the stop. I yell for him to take the girl and he grabs her as the rope breaks and I fall about 15 stories into the water with my gear on which is heavy and a piece of concrete falls on top of me knocking my unconscious. The team takes the truck down to the water. Casey and Tony jumped in the water to save me. They pull me out, I wasn't breathing and I was rushed to the hospital. I crashed on the way and once I am at the hospital they start CPR. My heart starts beating again. I was unconcise for 5 days. When I finally woke up the first thing I saw was Casey sitting next to me. Not my dad, but Casey. My dad was too busy. When my dad finally come to see me he said something that made me who I am today. He said it was my fault that this happened I shouldn't have been so foolish. Casey beat him to pulp. I had never felt more degraded in my life. I decided that anyone that needed my help I would help them. No one needs to go this life alone. Later that month, my dad was shot while working a case, and needed emergency surgery, and my dad would only let me work on him. At the point when he was dying did he finally tell me he was proud of everything I had done in life and asked me to help him. I did the surgery and saved his life. My relationship with my dad is still rocky at best, but it is finally getting better. Well that is mostly everything major in a nut shell. You can tell me I am crazy now and that need some help.\" Steve didn't say anything he just held her face in his hands. He leaned in and gave her soft, gentle kiss. \"Sam I love you.\" Sam just started sobbing loudly, Steve pulled her in close and held her. She cried for a while, before mumbling I love you too into Steve's shirt. He led her outside to get some fresh air. He sat her down on the step and sat next to her, holding her in his arms. She stopped crying and wiped her face before saying, \"I am sorry, I am crying. This place is one of the two places in Chicago that reminds me how hard I have worked to get where I am at now and how I deserve to finally be happy.\" \"Don't apologize. I am glad you told me everything. I still love you.\" \"I love you too.\" \"I will always be here for you. I am always just a call away and it only takes me twenty minutes to get here in the S-1.\" She laughed a little. Sam wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply. She was certain that she had finally found the one. He took everything she had told him so well, and he didn't judge her, or leave her. She felt the warm spread in her as she understood that she wanted to do anything to make him happy, that she truly loved him. \"I want this to work and I will do anything for us to work out.\" Sam told him as she stood up from the steps. Steve just looked up at her. He couldn't understand how this beautiful woman who has been through so much with her own family and who has seen so many bad things in this world could still be happy and capable of love. He didn't know how, but he was just glad that she loved him. \"Let's go home and spend the last little bit of time together.\" Sam said walking down the steps, and turning back to him, and giving him a wink.[Chapter 5] Sorry I hadn't up dated in a while my English professor told me my stories where bad, but when I went back and read my reviews you all loved my story so I decided to continue writing. So please enjoy and comment. April 06 2:00PM Chicago fire house- Sam's office It has been nearly 4 weeks since Steve last visited and Sam was starting to feel extra lonely and that Steve didn't want to see her anymore. She was sitting behind her desk trying to work on the new training manual for the candidates straight out of the academy. Steve always would reply to her text messages fairly quickly, but today it has been hours since he responded. If she was being honest it was rather heart breaking because they usually video chatted at least every other day and were texting all the time and he tried to come every other week for a day or two. Recently he hasn't been coming to see her and they havn't web cam chatted in almost a week. She texted him at 8:00am and still no response. \"Hey, Sam are you ok?\" Jessy asked as she came in and sat in one of the chairs. \"Yes I am ok. I just miss Steve it seems like he is avoiding me. He says he is really busy with work, but just I miss him. He always makes me smile and I opened my heart up to him even when I wasn't ready for a relationship yet. Now I feels like he is slipping away and it is somehow all my fault, like I did something wrong.\" Sam was crying slightly. She reached for a tissue on the edge of her desk when her phone rang letting her know she had a new text message. \"Before you check that message ask yourself this Sam, do you love him? That is all that matters, if you love him tell him how you feel and it will work itself out. Look at me and Chris we broke things off, but realized how much we loved each other and now we are getting married in a month.\" Jessy gave her hand a squeeze before leaving to let Sam think things over. The message was from Steve it read, \" Sorry it took me so long to respond there was a slight emergency here at the pole. I miss you so much too. I hope you can forgive me for being distant these past couple weeks. Love you, hope you are being safe at work .\" Sam so desperately wanted to call him, but she felt if she called him and heard his voice she wouldn't tell him what was truly on her mind because his voice made her lose all train of thought. She simply replied; \" We need to talk .\" As soon as she sent the message she felt her heart drop into her stomach. Meanwhile at the North pole- Steve's office Steve had been dealing with a flood all morning and part of the night. One of the generators keeping the stables for the reindeer warm caught fire and melted down part of the barn. Lucky only two elves were injured, but they lost most of the reindeer. Steve slowly walked to his office tired from all the commotion from the morning. He finally got to his office, and plopped himself down behind his desk, and laid his head down. Peter came skipping into the room bringing him a much needed espresso and his daily planner. \"Well Peter, what did I miss this morning?\" sitting up to hear his long list of things to still do today. \"You have to approve the new Elf work positions for everyone who applied for the new open positions, after last years' retirements. You have to start designing the gift wrapping for this year. You have two unread text messages and one missed call from Sam and your Mother…\" Steve jumped up grabbing at his phone realizing the time and that Sam has been expecting his phone call all day. He has been so swamped with work he couldn't keep his days straight or his head on straight for that matter. He quickly read her message that she sent at 6:30AM saying, \" Good morning! Have to work today, but text me! I miss you! I love you! \" He noticed that he had another text message from 8:00 AM too and this one made his heart break. \" Are you ok? I hope you're only sleeping in today. Anyway text me please I feel like we haven't talked much.\" She was right they hadn't talked much because he has been too busy to see her, or even take a moment to call her. He quickly texted her back explaining that he had an emergency and apologizing for putting her on the back burner these past few weeks. Before he could sit back down, she responded with the four deadliest words ever, \" we need to talk .\" Steve sank into his chair and his heart broke as he started crying. This was it, he ruined everything by making himself too busy to care about the one who was the most important. Peter just stood there watching him not sure what to do. \"Don't worry about her Sir, there are more women out there, and ones who aren't as much of a bitch as her, if she couldn't understand that you were dealing with an emergency.\" Steve jumped up and was across the room in a second. He lifted Peter up by his tie and held him in the air, \"Don't you ever say that about her ever again! Understand or I will send you to work with Arthur?\" Steve put him down and walked back over to his desk. Steve knew that the threat of Arthur was enough for Peter because he wasn't too keen on the current Santa and he knew it. \"Sorry Peter. I didn't mean that just I am tired, over worked, and miss Sam something fierce and I believe me working to much just ruined everything.\" Steve was looking at the elf while starting to cry again. Steve knew that he had to find time to see her, and soon, or everything he wanted with her would be gone. Steve just sat there staring at his phone not sure what to write back. \"Sir?\" Peter looked scared of Steve as he stood next to his chair unsure of what to do. \"Get me Arthur.\" Peter was worried about Steve, but he left to get his brother. Arthur walked slowly into Steve's office worried that he had done something wrong. He saw Steve staring at his phone and streams of tears were running down his face. He quickly sat down in the chair in front of Steve's desk. \"Steve what is wrong? Did I break something again?\" \"No Arthur. I asked Peter to get you because you are better at writing then I am. Sam thinks I am tired her because of me not being there for her as much as I was, before work picked up. I want you to help me write something for her. Please?\" Arthur could see the hurt in his brother's eyes. \"I can try. I write letters to children not love letters, but I can try.\" Steve quickly filled Arthur in on what was going on and what she said. Chicago Fire house 3:00PM Sam sent that message to Steve an hour ago and haven't heard back yet. Before she could think anymore into it the loud speaker came on announcing that they have a call. \"Battalion 81, Squad 8, truck 18, ambulance 89 respond, house fire with entrapment.\" \"Maybe a good fire will help.\" They roll up to the scene, the Chief was already there talking to a lady who was clearly upset. Her and Chris- the lieutenant on truck- walked up to the Chief to find out what is going on. \"There is a child in the house the mother is unsure as to what floor he is on. Sam, you and Scholl take the second floor by using the ladder to reach the window. Don't compromise the stairs. Chris, you and Jessy take the first floor. I want quick searches I have a bad feeling about this.\" They all took off running back to the engines to grab air tanks and go in, Schull and Sam climbed the ladder up to the window. Sam searched the area not finding anyone, when she was about to give up she saw someone small laying on the floor at the top of the stairs. She picked up the little boy who opened his eye to look at her for a brief moment. She started heading back to the leader, when threw her air mask and heavy breathing she could hear a whooshing sound. \"Everyone out! Schull go down the ladder. I am heading back to the ladder now! It is about to back draft!\" She yelled into the radio hoping everyone was listing. She could see the fire retreating into the walls ready to explode. She ran to the ladder holding the little boy in front of her. She could feel the floor giving out with every step. The smoke was getting heavy she could barely see the end of the ladder anymore, so she started running faster. The ladder was covered in smoke she couldn't see it anymore so as she was sprinting to the window she dove out hoping to hit the ladder as the house exploded in flames. She hit the side of the ladder and started falling, but Schull caught her. They climbed down the ladder and once on the grounded she handed the little boy, who was still pretty out of it, to the paramedics. \"You ok Sam?\" Casey asked walking over to where she was sitting on the curb a little while after they got the fire out. \"Yeah just bad luck and a broken heart.\" Sam was hoping for an easy call to help ease her mind about Steve, but instead it just made her want him more, after her close call. \"Sam. He has been calling and texting you the time while you have been sitting over here pouting. He has been calling you every other minuet and texting you like crazy.\" Sam got up, and walked over to the squad truck, and hopped in. She got her phone out of the cup holder and saw 6 missed called and 10 unread messages from Steve. Sam started to feel dizzy and her nose started bleeding. She must have hit her head on the ladder when she jumped out the window without knowing it. She was trying to get out of the truck when her vision went black. Casey was watching her fall out of the truck and ran over to her, but it was too late she hit the ground. Casey was shaking her screaming her name, but she wasn't responding. North Pole Steve's office 7:00PM It was getting late and Sam wasn't calling him back or texting him. Steve tried calling one more time before he headed to dinner. After, the third ring a man answered her phone. \"Hello this is Sam's phone. I don't know who you are, but you keep calling so I answered.\" The voice didn't sound familiar to him. \"Can I talk to her?\" Steve was about to cry thinking she found someone else. \"Well you can't. See there was an accident today at a call and she is in the hospital.\" Steve hung up the phone and started running down the halls toward the S-1. He had to get to Chicago to see her. This was his fault, if he hadn't made her upset she would have been more careful. ** oh no cliff hanger!**[Chapter 6] As soon as Steve landed after zip lining down from the S-1, he took off sprinting to the hospital. Tears were streaming down his face the whole way. This was all his fault he kept telling himself. Once he finally reached the hospital, and asked where her room was, did he finally stop to catch his breath. Once he was in the hallway to her room he saw everyone from the fire house was there. He was looking for Casey, but didn't see him. It was Jessy who came over to him. \"How is she? What is going on?\" he asked Jessy as he tried to stop crying \"Calm down, she is fine. We are all out here because they just moved her to this room and we are going to be leaving soon. \"How is she? What happened?\" Steve grabbed Jessy's shoulders' about to shake her for answers. \"She is stable and fine they are only keeping her over night to make sure of that. She hasn't been eating, or sleeping very well because she has been worried about you two, and then, today she had a really close call. She had an adrenaline rush, and after it wore off her blood sugar dropped extremely low, which is why she passed out and ended up here. They are keeping her to watch her sugar over night and she is getting some fluids. Calm down and stop crying please.\" Steve took a deep breath, so glad that she was ok, but he had to see her. \"When can I see her?\" Before Jessy could answer Casey appeared and he was carrying a jacket and helmet he could only assume where Sam's. \"You can see her in a minute she is changing into hospital clothes. What is your definition of a close call Jessy?\" Casey asked holding up her helmet that was melted and her Jacket which the entire back of was melted as well. He seemed a little angry with her for some reason. \"If she didn't have her gear on she would have been in the morgue instead of the ICU.\" Steve's face paled and he started telling himself that this was all his fault again. \"Good job Casey. Look at him he looks like he is going to be sick. I was trying to not make him cry or worry anymore.\" The doctor walked out of the room, and before anyone else could go in Steve ran in to see her. She had her eyes closed and her head laid back. Steve stood there for a moment watching her chest rise and fall to make sure she was still breathing. He walked over to her bed and sat down in the chair next to it and gently grabbed her hand. Her eyes opened and she looked over at him. His eyes filled with tears. There was so much he wanted to say to her and apologize for, he just didn't know where to start. \"So this is what I have to do to get you to come visit me?\" She chuckled a little to lighten the mood, but Steve could tell that she meant every word that she said. Steve broke down and started crying into her hand he was still holding. Sam started crying too, as she ran her other hand threw his hair. \"Sam I am so sorry. I have been so busy that I haven't made time for you. I am such a horrible boyfriend. I am sorry. I will make it up to you I promise, please don't break this up.\" Steve was balling, and cupping her face in his hands gently wiping away her tears with his thumb. Sam squeezed his hand and pulled him up to her. She wrapped her arms around this neck and cried in to his shoulder. He moved to sit on the side of her bed to make her more comfortable. \"Steve, no I am sorry. I shouldn't have been such a child about you not talking as much because I know you are very busy. I was being selfish.\" \"Sam I want you to be selfish. I love you.\" He was wiping the tears from her face. She leaned up and kissed him. She didn't just kiss him, it was passionate and fierce. It was everything she was holding in from the last time she saw him. \"I love you too, Steven Clause.\" She smiled at him and bite her lip making his face turn red. Steve hugged her, holding her close to him. He didn't want to let her go because he had missed her so bad and he had been such a horrible boyfriend to her. Their much-needed cuddle session was ended by hearing someone clear their throat. Steve looked over to see a tall, well-built, older man wearing regular clothes, but had a gun belt on with two gun, hand cuffs, and a badge. Before Steve could ask who he was, Sam answered the question for him. \"Daddy? What are you doing here I thought you were on lock down for a case?\" Sam's face turned red and she became nervous. \"I was. Got cleared to leave. Good thing I did it looks like you are getting mauled in here.\" Steve's face now turned bright red. Well this wasn't how he was finally planning on meeting her dad. Steve stood up to shake his hand and introduce himself. \"Hello sir, I am Steven Clause. You must be Hank Vendofski?\" The man took his hand and had a vice grip that Steve wasn't ready for. The man looked Steve up and down and then walked over to Sam and stood next to her bed. \"Yes and who the Hell are you supposed to be?\" his eyes narrowed on Steve. \"He is my boyfriend. He is an amazing guy, so no need for an interrogation. We have been dating for a couple months. I just haven't had you two meet yet.\" Sam answered for him as Steve came back over and sat on the bed next to her again. Before anyone could say anything else Steve's phone started ringing. It was Arthur. He had never been so glad to have his brother call him in his whole life. Steve excused himself and left the room to answer his phone call. \"Be nice Daddy, I really like him. You are scaring him shitless.\" Sam threw her pillow at her dad who just simply returned it to her and gave her a kiss on the fore head. \"I will. I like him better than I did Wesley. I only stopped to see how you were because I am in the middle of a case. The three of us need to have dinner soon.\" Sam teared up a little a hearing her dad say that he liked Steve. \"I will figure out dinner for us. I don't know how long he is in town. Thanks dad for liking him that means a lot because I really do love him.\" Steve walked back in the room finishing on the phone. Her dad put his hand on Steve's shoulder and gave it a squeeze before leaving. \"He likes you don't worry. Is everything ok at home?\" she asked as he looked worried and deep in thought. He let out a deep sigh and came back over to sit next to her on the bed. \"You have to leave don't you?\" she asked getting teary eyed. \"No. I can stay, but my parents aren't happy that I just left and didn't tell anyone what was going on or where I was going. I told them about what happened and I am staying for a while with you. The only thing is that some of my work has to be done, so is there any way I can use your computer at your house to do my work tomorrow?\" \"Yes of course Steve. You can use anything of mine. You look like something is on your mind what is wrong?\" \"My parents would like to meet you.\" Sam couldn't help, but smile, she was glad that his family wanted to meet her. \"That is a good thing, right? You look like you are going to have a heart attack.\" Steve looked at her wide eyed. \"No. You don't know my family.\" She just lifted an eye brow at him. April 7 11:00 AM- Sam's house Sam was busy making lunch while Steve sat cross legged on the floor in the living room at the coffee table working. She carried lunch in to the living room and crawled into his lap to see what kind of work he was doing. He was reading applications from the elves looking to change jobs and positions. He was skimming them reading descriptions and grunting at some of them. \"What are you looking for?\" she asked still sitting in his lap watching him work. \"I am looking for new elves to fill the positions from everyone that retired last year. I am trying to find ones that have somewhat of a background in that department.\" Steve never took his eyes off of the screen when answering her. He was very focused on his work. That was until Sam started running her finger tips up and down his bicep. His arm started getting goose bumps and she could feel him tense. He kept reading and she started kissing his neck ever so lightly trying to get his attention. Steve held his breath and was trying to keep reading, but she was tickling his neck with her lips. \"Do you want to take a break?\" Sam asked turning in his lap to face him where she was now straddling him. \"I have to get this work done so they can start their training.\" Steve stood up to start pacing her living room looking for something to do. \"I am going to go for a run.\" Sam stood up and put her running shoes on and left. Steve felt awful that he upset her, but he was scared to make that step with her just yet. Yes, he slept next to her every night in bed when he stayed with her, but taking the next step and connecting with her in that way scared him. He sat down and hurried to finish his work. He finished assigning new jobs by the time Sam came back from running, but he was printing a big stack of papers that Peter had emailed him. \"Steve?\" Sam asked walking into the living room looking for him. Steve was sitting at the table with stacks of papers all around him with different colored markers and pencils. \"What is all of this?\" \"Oh Sam, I wasn't expecting you back so soon. I assigned the jobs, now I have to make training schedules for those who need training.\" \"So, you do all of this work? What does Arthur do?\" Sam asked looking in shock at all the paper around her house. \"Well he delivers the presents and answers letters from the children, and tells me what they had asked for.\" Steve could tell that she was finally understanding why he was always so busy. \"Sam do you want to go get dinner tonight? Just me and you and not my work or phone.\" He chuckled to break the tension in the air, but she just keeps staring at the stacks of papers. \"Steve, you have an assistant why doesn't he help you with all of this work?\" She finally looked at him since coming in the house. Steve didn't answer he didn't want to tell her that he was just too stubborn because he wanted this done correctly the first time around. \"Steve, I want to help you. You need some time to yourself.\" \"I do get time to myself and that is when I visit you.\" Steve seemed confused because he got to do things he wanted, how does she think that he gets time away from the pole? \"No, I mean time when you aren't answering e-mailings, and calling Peter, or Arthur.\" Steve wouldn't know what to do if he didn't have his phone or work waiting for him. \"Steve tonight we are having dinner with my dad and I am taking your phone for the rest of the day. Now go upstairs and get changed while I pick up your mess.\" \"But..\" before he could finish Sam walked over and snatched his phone out of his hand and pointed toward the stairs. \"Yes mom.\" Sam was not amused at this comment as she put her hands on her hips. Once he was upstairs and she heard the shower turn on she began picking up his papers trying to keep them organized. His phone started ringing and she answered it as quickly as she could before he heard it and tried to take it from her. \"Hello this is Steve's phone and he is not allowed to do anymore work for the day and will not have his phone, so please e-mail him and he will respond to you tomorrow.\" \"Excuse me I don't know who you think you are but I am his assistant and I need to talk to him now.\" Peter said into the phone very sternly. \"This is Sam, his loveable girlfriend, and if it is important, then leave a message urgently.\" And Sam hung up. She could not believe that his assistant just talked to her like that. Sam didn't know how to operate his phone and when she hung up the call his daily calendar opened up. She was curious what he normally did on a daily basis. He told her overall how he ran things, but didn't give too much detail. On his daily schedule, he had love Sam all the time and he top thing to do. Then listed below was lunch with Arthur and his list of paper work to do for the day and at the bottom was the gym. \"I didn't know he went to a gym?\" \"Yeah that is how I get rid of my stress when I am not with you.\" Sam jumped not knowing Steve was behind her. \"I guess there is still a lot of things I still don't know about you.\" Sam looked him up and down. He was no longer in his pj bottoms and green shirt he was in jeans and red dress shirt and he had shaved. \"Have I told you how handsome you are recently?\" Steve closed the distance between them and started kissing her. \"No, you haven't and have I told you how much you smell awful after your run?\" Sam punched his arm lightly and he pretended to be hurt and fall to the ground pulling her with him. Now he was laying on his back on the floor with her on top of him. They just stared at each other smiling like fools until Casey walked in. \"Hey don't do the hanky panky on the carpet I just had it cleaned,\" and kept walking to the kitchen in search of food. Sam stood and extended her hand to help Steve up. \"I will get cleaned up so we can leave.\" \"But it isn't dinner time yet?\" \"I know I thought was could go shopping.\" Steve smiled at her running up the stairs. \"God, I love her.\" He mumbled to himself \"Yeah I know you do. You two are so sickly in love.\" Casey walked past him and out into the garage and Steve followed since he was not allowed to do anymore work for the day. ","Summary":" Chicago December 24 11:56PM \"Steve the alarm!\" exclaimed Arthur as he jumped onto Steve's arm. \""},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Leverage","Author":"booksforyou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9343572","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Leverage Chapter One Bodies grinded to the beat of the pounding music. Most of them were probably intoxicated, because of the scent of alcohol lingering in the air. I wanted to leave, I've been here for four hours, but attempting to find four people in a crowd of at least three hundred, isn't easy especially if your my height. I kept bumping into people and getting a few butt smacks here and there, but I didn't want to deal with it right now. As I continued to weave through the massive crowd, the music began to soften and slow. Couples began clinging to each other and swaying back and forth. I felt a hand grab my forearm, before I got a chance to react, I was gently tugged backwards toward a muscular body. He encouraged me to wrap my hands around the nape of his neck, as he snaked an arm around my waist, preventing my escape. He started swaying us back and forth. I looked up and saw lapis lazuli eyes peering into my gray ones. His fingertips touched the small on my back, I let out a sudden gasp, which brought a smirk to his face. I was getting slightly uncomfortable in his presence, but I didn't dare show it, knowing it would only provoke him. I noticed out of the corner of my eyes a boy, around 20 or 21 giving me a look full of lust. It sickened me. The guy that I was reluctantly dancing with, looked in the direction I was facing and gave the man a look as if to say, \"Back off.\" It worked. He turned his face back to mine, \"What's a pretty girl, like you doing here alone?\" He asked. \"I'm not alone.\" I retorted. He smirked looking around, \"I don't see anyone.\" \"I was trying to find them before you forced me to dance with you.\" I replied. \"Don't be like that sweetheart.\" He suggested. His hand traveled down my back, towards my butt and squeezing. I struggled, \"Let me go.\" \"No.\" he said harshly. I rammed my knee into his crotch, knowing it was the only way he would release me. he sucked in a harsh breath releasing me,before he could retaliate, I merged in with the crowd, getting a few confused looks, but i didnt care as long as i was concealing myself from him. I continued my search for my friends, when I saw the guy from earlier giving me the same lustful look. He was starting toward me, but I merged deeper into the crowd. \"What's with everyone tonight?\" I thought to myself. I finally made my through the crowd, but I needed to use the restroom. I went down the bathroom corridor. I squinted to read the sign because of the lack of light. But then, everything almost happened at once, I remember someone clasps their hands around my mouth and snaking their free arm around my waist. The person, I'm assuming male because of their strength, held a cloth to my mouth preventing me from screaming. \"That hurt sweetheart.\" Informed a hoarse voice. Then everything went blank. ****[Chapter 2] Chapter Two I woke up on a bed, with my left hand cuffed to a dresser. My head was throbbing. I rubbed my temples. As I was becoming more aware of my surroundings, I noticed someone was at the foot of the bed, the guy I was forced to dance with. I drew in a breath and pulled my feet towards my body. \"Relax sweetheart.\" \"Stop calling me that!\" I barked. \"Fine. Relax Tori.\" He retorted. \"How do you know my name?\" I asked alarmed. \"I have my sources.\" He answered. \"Where are we?\" I asked. \"My place.\" He replied. \"Why am I here?\" I said before I stop myself. He shrugged off my question. \"Fine. Then get these cuffs off me.\" I demanded. I've already thought it through, I was going to make a run for it. He got up and grabbed a set of keys from the dresser and unlocked the handcuffs. I got lucky because he dropped the keys. I seized my opportunity and jumped off the bed and bolted down the hallway. He was hot on my trail, I knew I wouldn't make it, but I had to try. I reached the door knob and opened it. But it was slammed hard by my kidnapper. I was spun around and pinned to wall with both my wrists above my head, in one of his hands, the other against the door. We were both panting, up close I began to notice how beautiful he was, short brown hair, lapis lazuli eyes, muscular physique, and about 6'3'. \"Don't.\" He warned. \"Please just let me go.\" I said fighting tears. \"I can't.\" He informed. There was a painful silence, where I was staring at him and he was staring at me. He released my wrists and his arm dropped from the door. \"C'mon.\" He said. I shook my head no. \"Fine, you asked for it.\" He said picking me up bridal style. I let out a gasp as he swept me off my feet. I stared in front of me, giving me a perfect view of his jawline. Beautiful. He caught me staring at him, he flashed his white teeth, smirking. I could feel the heat rising to my cheeks. He kicked open the door with his foot and set me down on the bed, he grabbed my arm and handcuffed me to the dresser. I gave him a look. \"Sorry, but can't have you running off just yet.\" He explained. \"I'm taking a shower, don't do anything stupid.\" \"How can I, when I'm handcuffed to a freaking dresser?\" I exclaimed. \"That's the point.\" He informed. He turned around and walked into the bathroom and turned on the water. He took off his shirt, his back muscles prominent, I turned away not wishing to see anymore. I saw a clock 11:27pm. \"How long was I out?\" I thought to myself. As I was lying there, a wave of fatigue washed over me and I shut my eyes. Hoping I would sleep lightly. ","Summary":" Leverage Chapter One Bodies grinded to the beat of the pounding music. Most of them were probably i"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Harry Potter Truth Or Dare","Author":"Dramionex22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12823205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Harry: You guys want to play Truth or Dare? Ginny: Yes please. All: Let's do it! Harry: Hermione truth or dare? Hermione: Truth. Harry: Is it true you like Malfoy? Hermione starts to blush and mumbles yes but repete and says... Hermione: Yes ok. Draco: What?You like me? Hermione: Yes ok. Draco truth or dare? Draco: Dare! But before Hermione says his dare Draco leans in and kisses her deeply. ","Summary":" Harry: You guys want to play Truth or Dare? Ginny: Yes please. All: Let's do it! Harry: Hermione tr"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Falling","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9472124","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a quick one-shot about Jacob's realization that he's falling in love with Hannah. I dont own Crazy, Stupid Love. Jacob was sitting at the bar, eating dinner when a red head sitting across the room caught his eye. She was beautiful and he couldn't take his eyes off of her. The way her smile lit up her whole face, the way she laughed. He had sat and watched her for two hours. He had to talk to this girl. He strode over to her table and infiltrated the conversation they were having. The second this girl looked his way he knew he was in trouble. He had to have her. He flirted with her playfully and she played along but ultimately shot down his advances. He wasn't used to rejection, he never had any trouble picking up women but she clearly wasn't any woman or he would have shrugged it off and moved on to the next woman who would be all to happy to have his company. He wouldn't be sitting there watching her walk away. He was at the bar when she came back in search of him a few weeks later. \"You!\" he heard her say and turned to look her way. She was soaken wet and looked angry as she marched up to him. He thought for a second she might punch him in the face but instead she grabbed him by the neck and kissed him hard. He was caught off guard and threw his hands up before wrapping his arms around her and kissing her back hungrily. He picked her up in his arms and continued to kiss her. She asked him to take her home which he happily obliged. That night they had kissed but that's all it ended up being and he was surprisingly okay with that. They had talked and laughed and gotten to know each other. He was totally smitten with this girl. They fell asleep together. He woke up with her in his arms and he found that didn't bother him at all. When she woke up there was no awkwardness at all between them, they picked up right where they left off, talking and joking and enjoying each other immensely. They spent the whole day together, talking non-stop and really getting to know each other. When they started kissing that night they didn't stop and made love. It was amazing. He had been with many women but none had compared to her. They were instantly inseparable. He didn't want to go anywhere, or do anything without her. He dropped off the face of the earth when it came to everything else. It was like he couldn't get enough of her. He had never been in love before but knew that's what this was and that terrified him. He found himself thinking about her constantly, checking his phone obsessively waiting for her texts, opening doors and buying flowers, all things that were foreign to him. He glanced at their intertwined hands as they strolled. He didn't even remember reaching for her hand that's how natural the movement was. He shook his head in disbelief. They got together for a drink with Liz, her friend from the bar. \"Well leave it to Hannah to turn what was supposed to be one hot night of pure unadulterated lust into a relationship but oh well you still get points for banging him\" Liz joked. Jacob visibly tensed at the word relationship. \"Uh oh\" Hannah smirked, noticing his reaction. \"Look at that face! Pure panic\" Liz teased. \"You've done it now Liz, he was perfectly happy being in a relationship as long as he didn't realize he was in one. Now hes going to run for the hills. Well Jacob, it's been fun\" Hannah teased, offering him a high five. He rolled his eyes at her playfully \"Yeah yeah, you're so funny\" he teased and leaned in and kissed her tenderly, showing his affection. \"Okay dont rub it in that youre doing the hot guy from the bar\" Liz teased. They had a good time, laughing and drinking. Liz pulled her aside as they were leaving. \"It's good to see you happy honey\" she smiled and hugged her goodbye. As they got in the car he turned to her and asked \"Did she ask to come home with us?\" Jacob teased, remembering their first meeting when Liz said she loved him but Hannah didn't give him the time of day. \"Yeah you wish\" Hannah snorted. \"I don't actually, I'm happy with what I've got\" He told her honestly, looking at her lovingly. Hannah grinned at him and turned in her seat to look at him \"And what do you have?\" she asked raising an eyebrow at him. \"You're really going to make me say it?\" he grinned nervously. \"I don't know what you're going to say\" she smiled coyly. \"Fine, I've got the most beautiful girlfriend in the place\" \"girlfriend huh? Wow that's sudden but okay\" she teased him. \"You know I'm not really a girlfriend guy. But I want to be. With you\" he said laying out his feelings. She leaned over and kissed him softly, running her hand through the back of his hair. \"Just keep doing what you're doing\" That night they made love and laid in each others arms cuddling close. She fell asleep with her arm across his midsection and her head on his shoulder. He turned his head to look at her. He smiled happily, his heart bursting with love for her. He placed a soft kiss to her forehead. \"I love you Hannah\" he whispered softly before falling asleep contently with her in his arms. ","Summary":" Just a quick one-shot about Jacob's realization that he's falling in love with Hannah. I dont own C"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"prologue laurmau","Author":"brookiepie20","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12564078","Passage":"[Chapter 1] aphmau: kawaii-Chan, I need you to tell Aaron that he needs to come home right away! kawaii-Chan: oh aphmau-senpai! you didn't hear! aphmau: hear what? kawaii-Chan: Aaron-ku- kaitlyn: KAWAII-CHAN! NOT YET! kawaii-can: But Aphmau-senpai needs to know! my whole ship is ruined because of this! kaitlyn: Kawaii-Chan! aphmau:what's going on? kawaii-chan: aphmau-senpai... aaron-kun was killed yesterday I'm a car crash. aphmau: what????? kawaii-chan: ... kaitlyn: ... aphmau: (sobs quietly) to be continued... ","Summary":" aphmau: kawaii-Chan, I need you to tell Aaron that he needs to come home right away! kawaii-Chan: o"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Pehla payaar pehli baar","Author":"Kavin loves purvi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10731912","Passage":"[Chapter 1] this is my new fanfiction based on kevi actually am a cidian And a huggggggeeeee fan of kevi ","Summary":" this is my new fanfiction based on kevi actually am a cidian And a huggggggeeeee fan of kevi"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Making up","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9555720","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I dont own Crazy Stupid Love Takes place when Jacob goes to the bar to talk to Cal. Cal saw Jacob walk up beside him and snorted without looking at him. \"You seduced my daughter\" he said, shaking his head disgustedly. \"She seduced me\" Jacob corrected him, matter of factly. Cal glared at him angrily without responding. \"That's not important\" Jacob shook his head, realizing it was not the time to say that and sat down on the stool next to him. \"You've got some nerve\" Cal told him. \"I'm in love with her. I love her\" Jacob said emphatically. \"Isn't that what you want for your daughter? Someone to love her and make her happy?\" Jacob asked. \"No, not you. You are not good enough for her\" Cal said sharply. \"How do you know?\" Jacob asked, incensed. \"I know you. I've seen you go through woman after woman, using them then tossing them aside, excuse me for not wanting my daughter to just be another one of your conquests\" Cal told him. \"I just told you I love her\" Jacob told him. \"I don't want you to love her, I want you to forget you ever met her\" Cal said, his voice rising. Jacob stared at him \"Even if it means hurting her?\" he asked. \"Oh please you've been with her what? A month? She'll be fine\" Cal said coldly. Jacob nodded sadly then got up and left without another word from either of them. Cal shook his head and downed his drink. Jacob went straight to Hannah's. \"Hey\" she greeted him with a kiss \"This is a surprise\" \"I know but I wanted to talk to you\" he said, his eyes not meeting hers. \"I have a feeling I'm not going to like this\" she said, sensing something was amiss. \"Its just I'm not a boyfriend guy. You're an amazing girl and I don't want to end up hurting you\" he explained, his face serious. \"You deserve better than me honestly\" he told her. \"Wow. Okay\" she nodded, trying to keep her composure. \"Well thanks for looking out for me I guess\" she said opening the door for him to go. \"Hannah\" he said, softening, knowing she was hurt. \"Just go Jacob\" she said sternly, not looking at him. After he left Hannah crawled into bed and cried. Jacob went home and got very drunk. The next day Hannah and Cal had a lunch date. She had planned to talk to him about her relationship with Jacob, knowing he could never stay angry with her and hoping to make him see she knew what she was doing and convince him that he didn't know the real Jacob. When she walked up to the table Cal could see that she looked terrible, like she hadn't slept, her eyes puffy and red. Cal stood up to greet her, hugging her. \"Nana? Whats wrong honey?\" he asked concerned. \"Nothing, I'm fine\" she said curtly. He stared at her, knowing something was wrong. \"You were right about Jacob, he's a stupid jerk\" she said, tears filling her eyes. \"Nana\" he said softly, reaching over and taking her hand. \"I'm sorry\" she tried to smile \"I cant seem to stop this\" she said gesturing towards her face and the teats spilling down her cheeks. \"What happened?\" Cal asked, feeling sick knowing he was likely the cause of her pain. \"He said he's not a boyfriend guy, I guess I should have known that but I just thought it was different with us. Stupid huh?\" she said wiping tears away, embarrassed. \"This is my fault\" he told her. \"Dad\" \"No, Nana it's true and I am so sorry. I hope you can forgive me. He did this because of me\" he told her. \"What do you mean?\" she asked, not understanding his meaning. \"He came to me and he told me that he loves you and I told him I wanted him to leave you alone\" he frowned sadly. \"Well I hope youre happy because thats exactly what he did\" she said angrily and started to get up. He grabbed her arm and she stayed \"I am so sorry honey. You love him don't you?\" he asked. She nodded \"Yeah I think I do, funny thing is I didn't realize it until he ripped my heart out and trampled all over it though. Guess that's not so funny\" she frowned. \"I'll fix it honey, God I am so sorry\" he said kissing the top of her head. \"You better or you and me are gonna have problems\" she said gesturing between them jokingly, trying to lighten the mood. \"I will track him down and tell him that I am the biggest idiot on the planet and then I promise I'll stay out of your relationship\" Cal told her. They had lunch and Cal was able to cheer her up a little and she forgave him, pending Jacob's return anyway. After lunch Cal went to the bar to find Jacob, figuring he was just as sad as Hannah and was likely at the bar drowning his sorrows. Sure enough Jacob was in his usual spot several empty shot glasses in front of him, along with his usual drink. He walked up to Jacob and took the seat next to him. \"What now?\" Jacob asked, shaking his head in disbelief. He assumed he was done with Cal now that he had done what he asked and was out of Hannah's life. \"I need you to do something for me\" Cal said. \"Unbelievable\" Jacob snorted, finally looking at him. \"I wrecked my life for you, I ripped out my own heart, what else could you possibly want from me?\" He said sharply, clearly hurting. \"I made a mistake\" Cal said honestly. Jacob shook his head \"That's just great Cal, you made a mistake? This is my life\" he said angrily, glaring at him, his jaw clenched. \"I saw Nana today and she cried\" Cal said, his voice cracking. He cleared his throat and continued. \"Of course I've seen her cry tons of times, mostly as a kid and that's a lot different. Kids cry because they cant have something they want or they got a boo boo or any number of non serious reasons but this was different. This was actual hurt, and it was my fault and it was totally devastating to me\" Cal said honestly. Jacob looked away and swallowed hard, feeling sick that he had caused Hannah so much pain but knowing he had caused himself just as much pain. \"I would do anything to keep that girl from feeling an ounce of pain but I blew it this time and I need you to fix it, and I am sorry. I really am\" Cal told him. \"What makes you think she'd go for it? She probably hates my guts\" Jacob sighed, looking at him. \"Nope. She loves you\" Cal told him. Jacob smiled happily \"She said that?\" he asked. Cal smiled, seeing how happy that had made him. \"Don't tell her I told you that, let her say it herself\" Cal advised him. He nodded \"Wait, did you tell her I love her?\" he asked \"Nooooo\" Cal shook his head trying to play it off. \"You lie!\" Jacob said incredulously. Cal laughed, Jacob laughed with him. \"Unbelievable\" \"So you'll back off if she takes me back?\" Jacob asked, looking him in the eye. \"If you promise to do your best every day to make her happy\" Cal said seriously. \"I will\" Jacob agreed, nodding. Cal patted him on the back approvingly and got up to leave. \"Oh, by the way I also told her she could slap the shit out of you as payback for all the times you hit me\" he grinned. \"Great\" he smiled, causing Cal to laugh hysterically. Jacob left the bar and went to straight to Hannah's. She opened the door and stared at him stone faced. Clearly she wasn't going to make this easy for him. \"Hi\" he said softly. \"Hey\" she said cooly. \"Do you think that I could talk to you?\" he asked, sounding nervous. \"You are talking to me\" she replied, not giving him any breaks. \"I'm an asshole\" he said, getting right to it. \"Agreed\" she answered, arms crossed. \"I'm sorry I hurt you, I know you know why I did it but I was wrong I shouldn't have listened to your dad I should have fought for you, for us\" he told her. She stared at him, and nodded in agreement. \"Do you want to slap me now?\" he asked She softened at this, laughing uncontrollably. \"I love you\" he told her honestly. She stared at his face, hands on her hips, taking this in. \"You wont be stupid again?\" she asked. \"Never\" he promised. \"Then I love you too\" she told him, finally softening. He closed the distance between them kissing her, his hand placed softly on her cheek. She laughed as he kicked the door shut and walked her further into the apartment toward the bedroom. ","Summary":" I dont own Crazy Stupid Love Takes place when Jacob goes to the bar to talk to Cal. Cal saw Jacob w"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Closer To The Secret","Author":"Closer To The Secret","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9234318","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SYNOPSIS « - C'est vrai. On aurait pu. Tu sais. On aurait pourtant pu s'aimer sans en crever. On aurait pu essayer d'être un couple d'une niaiserie rare, il paraît que l'amour rend con, on aurait eu une excuse. Se cacher dans des petits endroits secrets pour se bécoter, parce que bien sur, pas de sexe, ou alors ne surtout pas en parler, c'est méga tabou une vraie relation d'amour. On pourrait aussi pu devenir une bande de vaseux pathétique à se regarder dans le blanc de l'oeil pendant une éternité, s'écrire des mots doux et se faire des sourires douteux de mièvrerie. Oh oui, ce que ça serait beau ça aussi... Mais j'avoue que ça n'aurait aucun intérêt. Quand on aime, c'est pour mourir d'amour. C'est pour se brûler les sens jusqu'au petit matin et regretter ensuite. C'est se cracher au visage et croire qu'on ne s'aime plus, et se jeter l'un sur l'autre comme si le monde allait s'écrouler et qu'on voudrait pas crever ailleurs que dans nos bras. Dans nos étreintes de satin, à hurler à la pleine lune, nos maux d'amour. C'est se mentir et se dire qu'on arrête de se voir. C'est pleurer. Vomir l'hypocrisie de quand on se croise dans la rue. C'est se croiser et se sourire comme si de rien n'était. Tu vois, comme ça, ça serait le summum de l'hypocrisie, on pourrait presque dire de l'horreur, parce qu'on le ferait, par jeu, de s'arracher le coeur à pleines mains, avec une volonté terrifiante de souffrir plus que l'autre, de se mordre au coeur avec froideur comme si rien n'était vrai, ou plutôt comme si on aurait voulu que rien ne soit vrai tout en sachant qu'on ne pourra que crever si c'était un rêve. » ","Summary":" SYNOPSIS « - C'est vrai. On aurait pu. Tu sais. On aurait pourtant pu s'aimer sans en crever. On au"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Feelings unleashed","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9484027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Takes place after the fight scene Bernie, Jessica and David Lindhagen had all left after the fight. Cal and Jacob were left sitting there with Emily and Hannah glaring at them sternly. \"Cal\" Jacob tried to talk to him but Cal ignored him and got up. \"Come on\" \"Honey, this guy is a low life\" he said indicating Jacob. Jacob had been looking at him but looked down after he said this, clearly hurt by his former friend's harsh description of him. \"He's a womanizer\" Cal continued. \"Thats ironic\" Emily snorted. \"Hey...excuse me?\" Cal said to her, caught off guard by her snarky remark. Emily just shook her head and shrugged in response. \"I know him. I have seen him in action and you are not to see him anymore\" Cal informed his daughter as if she were still a teenager. Hannah looked away, annoyed at her father . \"Dad I'm not going to stop seeing him\" she told him emphatically. \"First, I am not a child. You dont tell me what I can or cannot do. Second, I don't care how many women he's been with, look at him\" she said indicating Jacob \"He's gorgeous and he's a guy, that's what they do! It doesnt mean he cant be a great boyfriend. Not everyone meets their spouse in middle school ya know dad\" Hannah told him. \"Are you having some sort of post law school life crisis? First you dump that other guy then you get with this one? Are you just blowing off steam? Atleast that I can understand\" Cal said. \"Is that what you want for me? to stay with a guy like Richard who I was bored to death with? That's the kind of life you want for your daughter, really dad?\" she yelled at him. \"Of course not. I want you to be happy but you're too good for him\" he yelled back at her. \"Well I love him! I am in love with him dad and that's the first time I've said that and I'm yelling it at you instead of saying it to him like I should be so thanks for that! Youve made this moment really special\" She said angrily. A smile crept across Jacob's face. Did she just say she loves him? \"Oh you love him now?\" Cal snorted incredulously. \"Does he love you?\" he asked, putting Jacob on the spot, sure the answer would be no and hopefully enough to freak him out and get him out of Hannah's life. Without hesitation Jacob said \"Yes\" and stood up, walking over to Hannah. He put his hands on her hips \"I'm in love with you. I love you\" he smiled brightly. \"I love you\" Hannah grinned happily and pulled him down to kiss him, for a moment oblivious to everything else around them. \"Well that's great\" Cal sighed disgustedly. \"It is great Cal, cant you be happy for your daughter?\" Emily said trying to make him see he was being ridiculous. They all looked at him, waiting for his reaction. Cal stood his ground \"No, I will never be happy about this. You hear me Nana? Never\" he said coldly. \"Let's go\" Hannah said taking Jacob's hand. \"No\" Emily said, stopping them. \"You were invited and I want to get to know Jacob, Cal can leave\" she said flatly. Cal glared at them but didn't say another word. \"Honey why don't you take Jacob inside and let him get cleaned up\" Emily suggested. Hannah nodded and led Jacob away. \"Come on guys, lets go inside\" Hannah said to Robbie and Molly who had been sitting on the stairs, out of earshot but still very aware there was a family fight. \"I want to tell daddy bye, he probably wont be around for a while\" Molly said. Hannah nodded and Molly ran over to hug Cal. Robbie went on in the house, without looking his way, heartbroken over Jessica. After Molly went inside Cal started to walk away down the driveway. Emily followed him. \"Cal, what are you doing? Don't you see you're making a mess of things\" \"Why is it always me?\" he said dejectedly. \"Because you're the one being unreasonable. Your daughter is a grown up. She's happier than I've ever seen her, you better get on board with that or you're going to lose her\" she told him and walked away. Emily, Hannah, Jacob and the kids had a great time, getting to know each other. Emily found that she really liked Jacob and could see how happy he made Hannah. Jacob even talked to Robbie about Jessica and made him feel a little better. He was still heartbroken but he got him to see that it wasn't his dads fault. When they left Emily hugged Jacob \"Thank you for making Nana very happy\" she whispered for only him to hear. He smiled at her appreciatively. When they got back to the car he smiled at her \"Your family is great\" \"Yeah\" Hannah snorted \"My dad is awesome\" she said sarcastically. \"He was a jerk, yeah. But maybe you could cut him a little slack, hes got a lot going on and it is kind of a weird situation\" he said. \"Cut him some slack? Cut HIM some slack huh? He wants me to break up with you. Did you not hear that?\" she asked angrily. \"I heard it\" he frowned, sad that Cal felt that way. \"And he doesn't care how I feel. I told him I love you and he still wanted me to end it. Who does that?\" she said angrily. Jacob couldn't fight the smile on his face. \"Jacob!\" she grinned, trying to sound stern about him interrupting her rant with a smile. \"I'm sorry I cant help it. I just love hearing that\" he smiled tenderly. She smiled back and reached for his hand to hold. ","Summary":" Takes place after the fight scene Bernie, Jessica and David Lindhagen had all left after the fight."},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Butterflies","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9493758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own Crazy Stupid Love. Takes place the morning after Hannah spends the night with Jacob. Hannah was awakened by the sound of her cell phone ringing in the distance. She raised her head and looked around sleepily. She was initially confused about her surroundings, immediately recognizing that she wasn't in her own bedroom. Then it started coming back to her, Richard, all the alcohol, the hot guy...er Jacob. She felt a warm body next to hers and looked up to see Jacob looking back at her. \"Good morning sleepy head\" he smiled. God he is hot she thought to herself, looking at his beautiful smile. She felt butterflies in her stomach. Was she falling for this guy? Odds were excellent that she was. \"Someone is desperately trying to get in touch with you\" he said. \"That's probably the fifth time its rung and I've lost count of the number of texts. You were out cold\" he grinned, amused that she was able to sleep through the noise. \"Sorry, I should have turned it off\" she sighed and propped herself up on her elbow to look at him. \"Its a guy huh?\" he grinned knowingly. \"What? No. Could be anyone\" she said trying to play it off, not really wanting to talk about her disastrous evening with Richard. \"It's a guy\" he repeated. \"Nobody knows where I am, people are probably worried. I am never this reckless. You could have been a serial killer who dismembered me for all I knew\" she told him. \"Well I don't do my dismembering at home, it's messy work so you're safe\" he grinned teasingly. \"I don't know about safe. You are dangerously sexy\" she said huskily, climbing on top of him. They kissed passionately for a few minutes. He held her close to his body and ran his hand through her hair. One of her hands was on his cheek, the other gripped his bare shoulder. Her phone rang once again, interrupting them. \"Fuck! Seriously? Is the universe conspiring to keep me from getting some action?\" she said, very annoyed. \"Answer it\" he sighed. She rolled off of him and out of the bed, stomping down the hall to retrieve her phone which had stopped ringing by then. She scrolled through seeing missed calls and texts from Richard, Liz and her mom. Richard's text told her she had embarrassed him and she better have a good excuse for behaving that way. She rolled her eyes \"Are you fucking kidding me? Jackass. What the hell was I thinking?\" she muttered to herself. She texted him back saying it was over and therefore she couldn't accept the job offer either but thanks anyway and have a nice life. Liz's texts of course were all about wanting details of her night. She smiled and replied with a smiley face that it was still going on and she would call her later. She knew Liz would be thrilled. PG 13 my ass! She called her mom back, her mom had known she thought Richard was going to propose so she wanted to get the news out there that it was over. Jacob could hear her end of the conversation and tried unsuccessfully to will himself not to eavesdrop but his desire to know what was going on with her won by a landslide and he listened intently. \"It wasn't what I thought, it was just a job offer\" Pause. \"Yeah yeah no I am totally fine don't worry its good actually\" Pause. \"I'll tell you about it later I cant really talk right now\" Pause. Giggle. \"Yeah I will, love you too. Talk to you soon\" she said ending the conversation. Jacob pondered the love you part, hoping it was a family member or friend and not a boyfriend. She reappeared in the doorway, rousing him from his thoughts. \"Everything okay?\" he asked, trying to sound casual though he was dying to know. \"My mom\" she said holding her phone up. \"That's nice\" he said, knowing they had a close relationship because she had told him so last night during their hours of talking. \"Now people know I'm still alive I turned it off so no more interruptions\" she smiled and climbed back into bed with him. She leaned in and kissed him. They kissed softly a few times but she could tell he was hesitant. She pulled back and looked at him \"What?\" she asked. \"Are you sure about this?\" he asked, not wanting to take advantage of her if she was emotionally vulnerable. \"I leave the room for like 2 minutes what happened? Do you not want to anymore?\" she asked. \"I absolutely want to\" he said emphasizing absolutely. \"I just want to make sure you do. It seems like there's a guy and I don't want to be a mistake you made\" he said sincerely. \"Jacob, there's no guy\" she said. \"So you just suddenly got the notion last night to track me down in the middle of a monsoon and come home with me?\" he asked, unconvinced. \"You looked like a crazy person, sopping wet and yelling at me across a room full of people\" he teased. \"Hey\" she said shoving him playfully. \"Okay truth, there was a guy until about 10 minutes before I showed up looking for you but not anymore, it is 100 percent over and I am fine, not at all heartbroken or an emotional mess and I want to do this\" she assured him. He stared at her. \"I lied when I said I didn't find you attractive\" she smiled slyly. \"I knew it!\" he cheered, raising his fist in the air triumphantly. She laughed heartily. He climbed on top of her. She let his waist fall between her legs so that he could lay flat on top of her. He support himself with his arms so he wasn't crushing her with his weight. She ran her hands down his back, caressing his smooth skin. She stared into his eyes. \"Is this going to be a one time thing? I mean I know that was kind of the deal\" she said nervously. \"Only if you want it to be\" he told her, gazing at her lovingly. \"Its not on my end\" She smiled happily and felt the butterflies take flight again. ","Summary":" I don't own Crazy Stupid Love. Takes place the morning after Hannah spends the night with Jacob. Ha"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"To Be Found","Author":"wonderwoundedhearers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7679229","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TO BE FOUND She looked up from her barstool, right into dark, dark eyes. \"Hey.\" She practically melted…and then she remembered she was meant to be wallowing into her beer over her latest failed relationship, not salivating over the tall handsome guy with a twinkle in his eye currently in front of her. Jason – #7, as her dad called him – had been blonde, a little shorter than her but smart and going places and…everything that she didn't really want. She wanted to be cuddled, and Jason? He just wanted to fuck or write his \"groundbreaking\" screenplay. She didn't want a pretentious asshole, she wanted smiles and comfort and… \"Want another, Jess?\" She came out of her thoughts to see that the barman, who she'd known from her first year of college and was the only reason why she was in this dive in the first place, wasn't the one asking her whether she wanted another Bud. It was Mr Tall, Dark and Stubbly. It was nice stubble as well, a bit of dark scruff on a cut jaw and…he so wasn't her usual type. She liked to think she was pretty, in a sort of willowy way, but she didn't think she was anywhere near the kind of girl this guy should be with. She was a bit plain, lacking in the breast department, and he was…well, gorgeous. She felt her eyes narrow in a bit of a drunken haze. (How many beers had she had anyway? Were all those bottles across the bar hers? No way…) \"How do you know my name?\" TDS shrugged, his black blazer tightening briefly against muscles and broad shoulders. \"You know mine.\" She squinted again, this time a little less accusingly and more confusedly. \"Did… Have we…uh, you know?\" She wouldn't say she'd been promiscuous, but well, college had been a little wild on some nights and she wouldn't be surprised if those mornings she woke up and couldn't remember anything of the night before actually turned out to have hidden a stray fuck or two. And then he laughed. Laughed . \" Shit ,\" she groaned. \"I'm so sorry. I don't remember. Was it terrible?\" She might have hiccoughed a time or two in that sentence – she wasn't quite sure, her ears felt like they were full of wool – but TDS didn't seem to mind her less than coherent remembrances of their previous, or current, time together. He sat down on the stool next to her, his faded blue jeans stretching taut over his thighs. Wow… \"We haven't you know ,\" he muttered confidentially, obviously amused. She put her hand to her forehead, wondering if her hangover was starting early or if her brain was being purposefully slow and stupid. \"Then…what–\" \"Well.\" He smirked a bit, revealing reasonably white teeth and a gorgeous smile. \"We haven't outside of my head.\" She felt her forehead drop to the cool wood of the bar with a dull thud. \"Who are you?\" The music from the jukebox was getting to her, some shit with loose change favouring The Stones was making sure everyone else had to suffer them, and she was pretty sure that she'd lost her purse. At least she had a tab. Getting home would be trickier than paying for tomorrow's hangover. She patted down her cream-knit dress in case of anything of use as she kept her forehead to the bartop. Her impending headache was receding. And then, suddenly, there were fingers and a thumb and a palm pulling it up gently from the wood. How had she forgotten TDS sitting next to her all quiet and beautiful and…urgh, she was such a poetic drunk. She was never drinking again. Their eyes met again and she felt like there was something – something fairly damn obvious – that she was missing. There was an odd noise of something moving along the bar right under her nose as he comfortably held up her head still. He smiled, softer and even more secret than before, and she glanced down. \" Oh, God! \" She hissed. \"How the hell did you get a hold of this ? I always knew it would come back and bite me on the ass, not that it didn't in the first place,\" she added bitterly as she looked at the photo of her young, pale, and very teenage nakedness. The picture was cracked a bit and sort of scuffed, and then, as she was trying to work out how a stranger – a gorgeous stranger, her mind added helpfully – had something she had given to someone else so many years ago, there was a low voice all husky in her ear. She looked up, and she could see it – she could see his dad, which didn't mean a goddamn thing anymore, and a younger version of him, which, suddenly, meant everything in the world. \"I said I'd come for you.\" \" Robbie ?\" ","Summary":" TO BE FOUND She looked up from her barstool, right into dark, dark eyes. \"Hey.\" She practically m"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Herb and Whipped Cream","Author":"Najisen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12919895","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Twas a lovely, yet chilly, Autumn afternoon that took away to Herb's silent pitter patter on the porch steps. \"This is it.\" He had thought. He carefully knocked on Whipped Cream Cookie's door to the rhythm of The Silent Hall. Herb was secretly hiding a bouquet of pink orchids that only bloomed once every blue moon. Even though he was charismarically attractive, Herb did not like to socalize that much, especially girls. But there was something special about this one, so Herb couldn't let her get away. He usually found himself daydreaming about her pink exterior, her incredibly soft personality, and to top it all of, her noncholant smiles that made his whole day. She was his queen, and God spare anyone that mess with his queen. \"Hello?\" Whipped asked through the door, and after a while of no response, she instinctively opened the door. She looked down to find a bouquet of pink orchids, that she unknowingly knew, bloomed only once every blue moon. There was nothing that could indicate who her secret admirer was, not even a note or a letter. She inspected the bouquet carefully before taking it inside and shutting the door. \"Godammit!\" Herb thought to himself. \"How could I be such a coward?\" Herb had chickened out at the last minute and rapidly dived for a nearby container, which he took shelter behind. What Whipped had never found out was that they had been friends for over 2 years, where they met in a community for a videogame called \"BakeTale\". Herb wasn't a stalker, ((I'd want him to stalk me, though)) It was just mere coincidence that they were aqquaintances in real life. How did Herb know that she was Whipped? She simply posted pictures of herself on her Instabake account, whereas he posted none. Whilst hiding behind the container, Herb thought about all the possibilities if he could establish a relationship with her. He blushed to the thought about the...sexual ones. OwO Later That Night Herb spent all his free time scrolling through Whipped's Instabake, which was filled with beatiful digital art, (Herb couldn't draw). He revised through their Private Messages ; which was just a spam of heart emojis. They held a platonically romantic relationshiprelationship, but it was not anything serious. Herb deeply sighed before turning off his phone, and dejectedly fell asleep. ","Summary":" Twas a lovely, yet chilly, Autumn afternoon that took away to Herb's silent pitter patter on the po"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Moving In","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9706305","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own Crazy Stupid Love Hannah and Jacob had been together 6 months and things were going really well. She had started work as an assistant district attorney which she was loving. She was stressed about money, mainly paying off her student loans on top of her regular monthly bills. Jacob had offered help but she wouldn't have it so he dropped it immediately, knowing it was important to her to be independent. She stayed with him almost every night, she had her own key and had clothes and personal items at his place so that she didn't have to worry about going back to her apartment on a daily basis now that she was busy with work. She typically returned to her apartment on sundays to take care of things and exchange clothes for the week. On this sunday they were having dinner with her family so Jacob came with her to her apartment prior to going to dinner. \"You can watch the home shopping network while you wait, I'll be quick\" she said teasing him. She kissed him lovingly. She went about her chores while he lounged on the couch. He reached to retrieve the remote control off the living room table and saw a document with those arrow stickers indicating where you are supposed to sign, in case you are a total moron and cant figure out that you need to sign where it says signature he thought to himself. He glanced at the document and realized it was a lease for her apartment. Apparently her lease was up and she needed to re-up it to stay there. She hadn't even mentioned it to him. He got up and went into the bedroom where she was packing her clothes to stay with him. \"Did you buy everything already?\" she smiled, looking up at him. \"I am recovering, I could use your support you know\" he grinned playfully \"One day at a time baby\" she nodded, trying to act serious but she always ended up smiling or laughing, she couldn't help it with him. \"So your lease is coming up?\" he asked. \"Yeah after next month\" she answered. \"Are you going to sign a new one?\" he asked. \"Well yeah I like this place\" she said. \"You're never here\" he said, confused his brow wrinkled. \"Well that's because we stay at your place, it seems silly to stay here when there's your house which is amazing\" \"How long would your new lease be?\" he asked. \"Its yearly, why?\" she asked, wondering where he was going with all these questions. \"I'm just surprised you didn't think to talk to me about it I guess\" he frowned. \"Oh I guess I just figured we weren't talking about living together, is that something you wanted to talk about?\" she asked curiously. \"Well we're looking at over a year and a half if you sign a new lease and you already practically live at my place anyway and my place is paid for, you wouldn't have to pay anything so you could get your loans paid off way sooner\" he said. \"I wouldn't feel right not paying anything so we'd have to figure something out about that. And I stay there but that's not full time, living together is all day every day, no escape. Are you sure you're ready for that?\" she asked. He was taken aback by her comment. \"No escape? I don't want an escape. I love being with you. I love you\" he said. \"Do you need an escape from me?\" he asked with a frown. \"Of course not but I just think this is a big deal, shouldn't we think about it some more before we decide?, I mean this is the first time we've even talked about it\" she asked. \"Okay yeah sure think about it\" he said. \"Jacob, You know how my brain works I have to think and rethink things 10 times before I make a decision\" she said wrapping her arms around his waist and looking up at him lovingly. \"Okay\" he said hugging her close and kissing the top of her head. He wasn't convinced of her reasoning. She instantly felt bad because she felt like she had disappointed him. She saw the look on his face when she said they should think about it. They went to her parents for dinner, He hadn't said much since their talk. They got there and greeted Cal, Emily and the kids. Hannah stayed with Emily in the kitchen helping out while Jacob went outside with Cal to man the grill. \"Jacob asked me to move in\" Hannah told her mom the second they were out the door. \"Oh wow, that's big\" Emily said excitedly. \"It is right? I mean I've never lived with anybody. He's acting like its no big thing and I think I hurt his feelings because I said we should think about it\" she frowned. \"What do I do?\" she asked. \"What do you want to do?\" Emily asked her. \"Live with Jacob\" Hannah answered, knowing it was true. \"Then go for it, you love him right?\" she asked already knowing the answer. \"Oh my God yes, ridiculously\" Hannah answered assuredly. \"Well there you go\" Emily said hugging her. \"Thanks Mom, I'm gonna go tell him\" Hannah said excitedly. Jacob had been quieter than normal as he stood outside with Cal who was working on grilling the steaks. \"So what's up? You look like someone stole your puppy\" Cal asked. Jacob shook his head indicating nothing was wrong. Cal glared at him \"After everything do you really want to lie to your girlfriend's father?\" Cal asked, he loved to screw with Jacob. It had become a favorite hobby ever since he accepted him as his daughters boyfriend. \"I asked Hannah\" he started to say \"Oh god don't say you asked her to marry you\" Cal interrupted. Jacob glared at him \"No, but thanks for the preview on how that conversation is going to go\" he said shaking his head. \"Sorry, I'm still working on it\" Cal smiled apologetically. \"I wanted her to move in with me, we already practically live together and she could get her loans paid but she wants to think about it so that's just kind of got me thrown\" he frowned. \"Yeah that doesn't sound good, you should probably just break up now\" Cal told him, trying to suppress a mischievous grin. Jacob glared at him \"I don't know why I talk to you\" he said shaking his head. Cal laughed uncontrollably \"Oh come on, that was funny\" \"Not amused\" Jacob told him wryly. Cal chuckled again, very entertained with himself. \"As much as I enjoy giving you shit, and it's a lot. I think you're overreacting here, Hannah doesn't do anything on a whim, she researches and makes pro-con lists and plans, she's meticulous you know that\" Cal explained. \"What if that isn't all it is? What if she doubts my commitment or ability to be the man she wants to have her life with?\" he asked solemnly, voicing his doubts. \"That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard\" Hannah answered from behind him. The sound of her voice surprised them both. Cal threw his hands up \"I didn't see her\" he said, letting him know this wasn't another attempt to mess with him. He excused himself to give them some privacy. \"Be nice\" he whispered to Hannah before walking away. \"What the hell Jacob?\" she said angrily with her hands on her hips. \"I got freaked out, it didn't seem like you wanted to live with me so I just thought...\" \"Wrong, you thought wrong\" she said interrupting him. \"Okay\" he said softly, trying to placate her. \"Why don't you talk to me? I mean are you my boyfriend or my dads boyfriend?\" she asked, teasing him. She loved to tease him about his and Cal's relationship. \"Yours\" he said walking over to her and taking both her hands in his. \"I'm sorry. I guess I'm still figuring out this whole relationship business\" he told her, grinning adorably in that way he had that she couldn't possibly stay mad at. She smiled slightly. \"Ask me again\" \"What?\" he asked confused. She rolled her eyes \"Ask me again\" she said slowly and sighed in exasperation. \"Would you move in with me?\" he asked, unsure if she was just setting him up for disaster to get back at him. That family loved to screw with him. \"Yes\" she answered after pretending to mull it over. He smiled \"Are you sure? Have you made a pro-con list? He teased her playfully. \"Do you want to go on a man date with my dad and talk about it some more?\" she teased back. He grinned widely and kissed her lovingly. \"I love you\" he said looking into her eyes. \"I love you and I don't have any doubts about us\" she told him running her hand over his chest lovingly. Cal had gone into the kitchen with Emily and they were both peering out the window at Jacob and Hannah unashamedly spying on them. \"Looks like they're moving in together\" Emily said excitedly. Cal shook his head \"I don't think it'll be much longer until he asks her something else\" he sighed. \"Shes so happy\" Emily noted. \"So is he\" Cal said. \"I'll be happy to have him in the family, just dont tell him that, its more fun making him sweat\" Cal grinned putting his arm around Emily. ","Summary":" I don't own Crazy Stupid Love Hannah and Jacob had been together 6 months and things were going rea"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Amusement","Author":"Going places","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9335244","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was raining, not just a gentle shower, no it was a torrential downpour the kind that washes everything away. It was calming, the sound of the rain mixed with their heavy breathing. To some it may have seemed cliche; the rain, the dim lighting and perhaps it was, but that wasn't what mattered at the moment because right now all that mattered was each other. Layin there, with him kissing her, she couldn't help but think how he tasted of \"Old Fashion\" it was bitter, yet sweet at the same time with a tinge of suave arrogance. She couldn't help but smile into the kiss, so amused by the fact that Jacob's favorite drink (and it was rapidly growing on her too) described him so well. He leaned back and looked at her with that arrogant yet sweet smirk that drove her crazy, and asking her what was so amusing. Not being able to control the smile creeping up on he face she simply shrugs her shoulders and replies with a simple \"Nothing.\" Rolling off her he looks at her, arrogant smirk still present and tells her \" Now, I have to know.\" She pretends to think about it and quickly shakes her head no. Rolling back on top of her, with a mischievious glint in his eyes \"Well then I guess I'll just have to make you tell me.\" \"Oh!\" she exclaimed pretending to sound distressed \"Whatever will you do to me ?\" She answered back not backing out. He simply smirked and started leaning towards her, she couldn't help the blush that rose to her cheeks, even after three months together, she still got insecure at times knowing that Jacob had, gone out with a fair share of women. Suddenly as if out of nowhere he started to tickle her. Loving the way her tiny body squirmed under his dominant form. \"So do you surrender ?\" his voice low and seductive asked, and for a moment she considered giving up. \"Never!\" she replied not afraid of the challenge. \"Well, ok then I guess you're just not gonna get to bang the hot guy that hit on you at the bar.\" She smiled as he practically quoted her drunken words from their first night together. Her smile quickly changed to a joking pout \"Oh whatever will I do ?\" Not five minutes later she leaned over, and saw that he was faking sleep (because she knew that Jacob Palmer didn't give up, that easily) she started kissing , he didn't resist wrapping his arms around her waist and managing to effectively flip them both over so that he was the one on top now. \"You know, I still wanna know what you found so amusing. when I (he emphasized the word I) was kissing you ?\" That same aggravating smirk still present on his face. \"Oh God ! You are such a baby!\" she exclaimed jokingly. \"Fine,\" she exhaled deeply, \" You really wanna know what I was thinking about ?\" she raised an eyebrow questioningly at him. \" Yes ! It's driving me insane!\" He exclaimed, still looming over her. \" I'll tell you, under one condition ?\" \"Ok, what ?\" he asked cautiously that hi girlfriend might make him do something he would regret . She leaned closer into him, and whispered seductively in his ear \"After I tell you, we bang.\" \"Um, yeah no I'm not really in the mood right now.\" he told her, trying to see just how far he could push her buttons, which judging by the looks of it wouldn't be for much longer. \" Oh come on, seriously!\" Unabale to take anymore she reached up and kissed him long and hard, and he was unable to resist, his arms quickly finding her waist and settling there, as she arched her back into him. Breaking away, breathless, from the kiss she asked him \"Still wanna know what was so amusing ?\" \"Know, what ?\" he asked. \"why don't you tell me later.\" He said pinching her nose and pulling her back in for another earth shattering kiss. AUTHORS NOTE: ok whats the verdict ? please tell me its my first time writing (other than in school essays) and i'm new so please tell me. ","Summary":" It was raining, not just a gentle shower, no it was a torrential downpour the kind that washes ever"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Finding Out","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10271768","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own Crazy, Stupid Love Hannah had gone to the bar to find Jacob. She kissed him hard, catching him totally off guard. She asked him if he still wanted to take her home and he readily agreed that he did. By the time they got back to his house he could tell that her nerves had caught up with her. He made them both a drink. \"Here\" he said handing her the glass. He watched in amusement as she gulped it down instantly as he took a sip out of his own glass. She groaned at the burn of the whiskey and looked up at him to see the corners of his mouth turning up into a grin. She took his glass out of his hand and downed it just as quickly as she had done her own while Jacob glanced at his empty hand in disbelief. She groaned a second time and handed him both glasses back. \"Its not my favorite, thank you\" she said as he crossed the room to set the glasses down on the table. He took his jacket off and placed it neatly on the back of the couch as he took a seat on the arm of the couch. \"Okay let's do this\" she said trying to sound sure of herself but was given away because she was standing there all fidgety, not knowing what to do with herself. \"Do you even want to do this?\" he asked. \"What? Of course I do, I came to you remember\" she told him. He nodded \"Okay\" he said and stood up, taking off his shirt and tossing it on the couch, revealing his incredibly hot body. Hannah just stared at his bare chest, nodding. \"Fuck!\" she said after a minute and closed the distance between them and placing her hands on his skin, feeling his strong chest muscles and perfectly toned abs. Jacob groaned \"Your hands are cold\" Hannah quickly removed her hands from his skin \"Oops sorry\" she said sheepishly. Jacob found her ridiculously adorable in this moment. \"Let's get you out of these wet clothes and warmed up\" he said low and seductively. Hannah nodded slightly as he reached around to her back and began to unzip her dress. She took a deep breath as he slid her dress off of her shoulders letting it fall to the floor leaving her in just her bra and panties. She looked up at his face as his eyes wandered over her body. \"Beautiful\" he said softly as he took her hands and directed them back onto his bare skin. He placed his hands on her cheeks and kissed her softly. He moved one hand down her back to her butt pulling her waist into his as he deepened the kiss. After a few minutes of kissing he started walking her backwards towards his bedroom, never breaking contact with her mouth as they went, his strong arms around her waist. He led her over to the bed and she undid the button to his pants and slid the zipper down feeling his hardness brush against her palm as she unzipped them. He laid her down on the bed and moved them up to the top of the bed so she would be laying against the pillows. He held himself up with his arms and knees so his body wasn't on top of hers. He kissed her deeply, she had her hand on his shoulder. Her legs were bent at the knees, allowing room for his waist to slide between them on top of her. He ran one hand up her bare leg to the edge of her panties. She interrupted him by talking about the pillows. \"Yeah\" he answered quickly and returned to kissing her as he lowered himself onto her so that their bodies were touching. He dropped his face to her neck lightly kissing and sucking the sensitive skin there. She continued to talk. He sighed and pulled back looking her in the eyes. \"I'm sorry, Ill shut up. Continue\" she said. He went back to kissing her. This lasted a few minutes before she interrupted again. \"You're a really good kisser\" she said. \"Thank you\" he nodded and kissed her again. \"I bet its because you've had a lot of practice\" she said. He sighed and rolled off of her onto his back, giving up. \"What? You've got a reputation you know. You're legendary\" she said propping herself up onto her elbow to look at him. \"Legendary? That sounds terrible!\" he said laughing, she laughed with him uncontrollably. After that they continued talking and laughing and getting to know each other. This went on for hours into the middle of the night. Jacob finally drifted off to sleep. Hannah stared at his sleeping form and smiled. She enjoyed seeing the vulnerable side to him as opposed to the cocky guy who had initially hit on her at the bar weeks ago. She pulled the sheet up over him and laid her head on his shoulder, quickly falling asleep as well. The next morning they were awakened by a banging on the door. \"Hannah jerked awake, startled and looked up at him. \"Good Morning\" he grinned. \"That isn't your husband is it?\" he teased. \"No, more likely one of your many conquests coming back for more\" She laughed and shoved him out of bed playfully. He zipped and buttoned his pants and grabbed a t-shirt before going to answer the door. The banging continued \"I'm coming!\" he yelled out, becoming annoyed. He opened the door to find Cal on the other side. \"Cal\" Jacob said surprised. \"I called you like 10 times where were you?\" Cal said walking in uninvited. \"Here, with company\" Jacob said quietly \"Now would you please leave, we can catch up later\" \"Since when do you let them spend the night?\" Cal asked surprised. \"I need to talk\" he insisted. Hannah emerged from the bedroom wearing one of Jacob's t shirts since her dress had been left in the living room. \"Dad? What the hell?\" Hannah said as she stopped dead in her tracks after noticing him. \"Dad?\" Jacob asked confused, looking at her before it dawned on him. He slowly returned his gaze to Cal. \"You had sex with my daughter?\" Cal said angrily, his jaw clenched as he glared at Jacob. Jacob shook his head, mouth hanging open in total surprise. \"What are you doing here?\" Hannah asked mortified. \"What am I doing? What are you doing nana? What about Richard? Your mom said you were getting engaged for Christs sake! Now I find you here with him\" Cal ranted indicating Jacob. Jacob glanced over to her at the mention of a guy and getting engaged, an unfamiliar sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. \"You need to go Dad\" she said sternly without acknowledging the Richard part. \"You are right and you're coming with me, get dressed young lady\" he ordered. \"No!\" she yelled at him. Cal stared at her in disbelief. He turned his gaze to Jacob and shook his head disgustedly before turning to go. \"Cal\" Jacob called after him but he didn't acknowledge him. Jacob felt bad, he had really started to like Cal and thought of him as both a friend and father like. Jacob closed the door and turned to Hannah who was standing there biting her lower lip, a combination of nervous and angry. \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to invite myself to stay, I can take a cab or something I just couldn't deal with that, my dad showing up and ordering me to go like I'm a child\" she said throwing her hand up toward the door her father had exited. \"It's okay I'll take you home when you're ready\" he said. \"So Richard?\" he asked. \"So over\" she assured him emphatically. \"Good\" he breathed a sigh of relief, realizing he was really into her. She eyed him curiously. \"You like me\" she grinned mischievously. He didn't answer at first. \"Oh. Okay no problem I just thought..\" she rambled. He came over to her and tilted her chin up to look at him. \"I know you came to me for angry get over another guy sex but I'd really like to see you again and I love kissing you\" he told her honestly. She swallowed hard. \"Okay\" she said softly as he kissed her tenderly. \"Wait, how did he find me here?\" she asked with a sudden realization. \"He didn't. He was here to see me. I met Cal, your dad at the bar and we've been hanging out\" Jacob told her, hoping she didn't freak out. She nodded with a grin then burst out laughing \"Awkward\" They had coffee then he drove her home. He walked her to her door. \"Dinner?\" he suggested. She smiled brightly \"Its a date\" He leaned down and kissed her. She wrapped her arms around him as he deepened the kiss, he pulled her against him. \"Wow\" she said after they broke apart. \"If kissing you feels like this I cant wait to get you in bed\" she said excitedly. He was completely caught off guard and laughed furiously. She laughed with him, completely comfortable. He kissed her softly. \"See you tonight\" he grinned sexily. \"Tonight\" she agreed with a smile. After he left she ran inside and jumped up and down on her bed excitedly and immediately grabbed the phone to call Liz. ","Summary":" I don't own Crazy, Stupid Love Hannah had gone to the bar to find Jacob. She kissed him hard, catch"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Le journal d'un oublier","Author":"Closer To The Secret","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9250847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] JOURNAL D UN OUBLIER C'est alors que le jeune homme ouvre un cahier aux pages encore blanche, le stylo à la main il humidifier ses lèvres en regardant autour de lui, écrire, il n'avait jamais fait sa au paravent. Surtout pour raconter sa vie à un livre Haytham ne savant pas par où commencer il tape claquette son stylo sur le rebord du cahier en attentant une inspiration soudaine. 27 avril 2013 Je griffonne maladroitement ses premières lignes dans un cahier bas de gamme acheté dans un vulgaire magasin grande surface. Ceci ne sera qu'un témoignage sur les différents parcourt de ma vie, où, ma famille future pourra bénéficier plus tard ? Même si je me doute que ma vie ne les intéresse pas vraiment. Mais garder tous ses « secrets de famille » comme on dit avec le temps cela devient vraiment de plus en plus dur à vivre, quinze ans à vivre dans l'angoisse. Mais commençons par le début. Je suis né dans la communauté Amish en 1989. Vous savez cette communauté anabaptiste présente en Amérique du Nord, vivant de façon simple et à l'écart de la société moderne. Qui se déplace dans les villes Américaine en Buggy ? Et bien j'en suis un, du moins j'en étais un. Je suis d'une famille Chrétienne de Amish et aisé. Je suis aussi le grand frère de deux petite jumelle nommé Glimia et Jersey, ma vie se résumé à aller à la messe et travailler avec mon père après l'école. Les hobbies ont ne connais pas vraiment là où j'ai vécus durant 10 ans. La seule passion que l'on pouvait avoir s'était la transmission des tâches de père en fils. Lorsque mon père m'amenait en ville je me suis toujours demander si notre mode de vie était les meilleurs. Aujourd'hui encore je me pose des questions. Nos vie était bien ternes jusqu'au jour ou l'ont découvris le corps d'une jeune femme dans les champs non loin de notre petit village. Cette jeune Amish que tout le monde connaissait ! Du nom de Jen. Avait était vidé de son sang et retrouvé complètement nue et violé. Un affront pour le village. Tu ne pourrais même pas t'imaginer la tête qu'il pouvait faire. On pouvait y voir la peur et l'horreur mélanger. Le sang que j'ai vue coulé se soir la je m'en souvient très nettement lorsque je ferme les yeux pour dormir Les meurtres ont continué, perduré, et les filles avait pour obligation de rester à la maison je ne compte plus le nombre de fois où je me rappelle avoir était chercher mes sœur à l'école et les ramener jusqu'à la maison. Mais les directives prise, n'arrêter en rien le tueur qui était au total à son 7eme meurtre dans notre communauté. C'est un soir alors que j'allais chercher du feu qu'un bruit attira mon attention. J'étais loin de me douter que mes yeux d'enfant à l'époque allaient être témoin des plus sanglants des actes. Je ne pourrais jamais justifier mon état d'esprit ni pourquoi j'ai fait ce qu'il sait dérouler par la suite, mais j'aime penser que j'ai sauvé par la suite plein d'autre jeune fille en prenant un fusil pour ensuite assassiner cette homme. Ils ont tous crus au suicide que l'homme ne se supportait plus. La vérité était tellement loin que plus les années passer plus je ne trouvé plus ma place au sein de cette communauté. Je suis alors du jour au lendemain parti à l'age de mes 13 ans en quéte d'un nouveau pays, d'une nouvelle communauté tellement différente de la mienne, finis les habits ringards. Lorsque je suis arrivé à New-York un jeune couple m'ayant trouvé divagant dans les rues New-Yorkaise m'a pris sous son aile éduqués et offert une passion que je voulais absolument en faire mon métier. Cascadeur. Mais j'ai d'abord passer l'étape lycée à 16 ans ou j'ai rencontré mon premier amour, une rencontre peut commune je ne serais jamais m'expliquer sur tout ça, ses vrais après tout Lauraleen à était mon tout, mon premier battement de cœur, ma première petite amie et ma première fois, autant vous préciser que je ne l'est jamais oublier, car aujourd'hui nous ne sommes plus ensemble du à son départ à Paris afin qu'elle puisse prolonger ses études dans la meilleure école qu'il soit temps mieux pour elle. Mais je ne m'en suis jamais remis car aujourd'hui je collectionne les femmes les relations ne dur que quelque mois ou un soir tout dépend, je suis connus pour être un bringueur et un coureur de jupon. Son retour donnera un nouveau souffle de vie à mon cœur ? Ou une déception totale ? ","Summary":" JOURNAL D UN OUBLIER C'est alors que le jeune homme ouvre un cahier aux pages encore blanche, le st"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"I Said Yes!","Author":"Samantha Center","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9298429","Passage":"[Chapter 1] smile ","Summary":" smile"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Demented Holidays","Author":"Loveless Loner","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11202956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The whole mission had gone perfect! Every gift had been delivered, in a timely manner as well, and he took care of the whole 'waker with Santa in there' bit as well and then, his father goes and says he isn't handing the reigns over. Every Santa does 70 missions then passes it on to his son. Well everyone besides Malcolm, his father. Sitting at the dinner table with his family he was going threw his text. Deleting all of the ones from Peter which seemed to be the only ones he had, a few from random elves congratulating him on doing such a good job and few for vitamins or something like that? He was getting ready to just click delete all when he noticed there was one from Abby. Opening it he read threw, ' Hi Steve, just wanted to wish you a happy Christmas. I know you said you were busy, so I am sorry if this bothers you. Just wanted to say hi though. Miss you. I'll text you before I go to bed to so if you get this before then and have time you can text about whatever.' It was an odd text to get from Abby, he sat there thinking about it. Until Grand-Santa spit his teeth out splashing something onto his face, Steve blinked a second before wiping it off and going threw more texts planning on texting Abby back if she wasn't asleep before dinner was over. But he did hear what was going on now, \"Forget Techno Tommy. He's texting on his calculator after another job.\" Steve let out a sigh, if he was going to mock him he should at least do it right. \"It's a Handheld Operational and Homing Organizer. The HOHO 3000.\" he replied without even looking up. \"I'm enacting mission closure.\" his tone was bored, \"Aren't you the fancy Nancy? Don't matter what you come up with. You may be next in line, but you'll never get to be Santa unless you knock him off.\" That made Steve look up shocked at his Grandfather, then he looked over to his father to see if he had heard the same thing, seeing the shock on his fathers face meant he had heard it right. He could see the shock on his mothers face as well. Arthur took that moment to try and break the tension in the air. \"I got you all a present!\" He declared gaining the attention of everyone in the room. Seeing he had everyone attention he continued on, \"After all the hard work, I wanted everyone to have some Christmas fun.\" He reached under the table and pulled out Christmas the board game. Steve just stared at him for a moment before going to object, until he saw the look his mother gave him. Sighing he just sat there and waited, even helped got the board out and placed down right on the table, so Grand-Santa would be able to see it easier. The man was over a hundred years old. After doing that he grabbed the Santa piece, if he couldn't be Santa in real life he wanted to be him in the game at least. That is until Grand-Santa tried to take it. \"I'm Santa!\" he yelled pulling on it, \"No, no, I'm Santa. It's ridiculous.\" Steve countered pulling it closer to himself trying to not hurt the old man in the process of getting the piece back. \"You just took the piece out of my hand.\" \"Well, I am actually Santa,\" His father started, pouring salt in the fresh wound. \"so I think I should have it.\" He smiled while taking it away from the other two completely. Steve sat down pissed, \"Yes. You're the non-executive figurehead.\" Steve huffed out grabbing his HOHO and starting a text to his girlfriend. \"Exactly!\" His father agreed, Steve shook his head, He doesn't even know I insulted him, and he is the one who gets to be Santa! He yelled in his mind, \"Figurehead.\" \"It means a fatty with a beard who fits the suit.\" Grand-Santa explained with a cheeky grin on his face. Even the old man knew I was insulting father. ' Hey. You still awake? It's been hectic around here.' He pressed send and looked back up at Arthur, \"The other pieces are good too.\" He tried to defuse the situation, \"Or I can make extra Santa's for everyone.\" They all just raised a brow at him. \"Why don't you be the candle, Steve?\" His father asked holding up said piece, \"All those bright ideas, eh?\" His father smiled wiggling the piece a bit and Steve took it with a tight lip. \"Fine, I'm the candle, Arthur's the turkey and you, Father, are, of course, Santa.\" He said threw his tight lips before relaxing them to take a stab at Grand-Santa as well, \"Grand-Santa, you can be this charming relic.\" Steve handed over the old sleigh. \"Relic?\" He asked shock on his face, \"Relic?\" His voice went a bit deeper, \"I did the whole of Christmas in one of these, Arthur.\" With the amazement clear on Arthur's face he went one, \"Oh, yes. I didn't need a trillion elves in bleepy hats.\" Steve checked his phone, Abigail had responded, ' Yeah I'm up for now. You okay or is it just busy hectic? What are you up to now?' Quickly he typed back, ' Got sucked into a Christmas game with my family. Just busy hectic really. Was one frantic part but, I got everyone threw it with ease. Little mad about the results from it though.' \"We don't go flying about,\" He picked up the rule book scanning a few pages, \"throwing lead painted toys down chimneys anymore.\" He looked up and grinned grabbing the 'relic' piece, \"That space sends you back to Lapland.\" His mother came out of the room with her jacket and sewing kit in hand, \"Malcolm, where did you get those?\" She asked looking down at the extra pieces, he sat up straighter looking down at them and Grandsanta and Steve looked over at him accusingly. \"Just moving things along. Do I win?\" \"Cheats, the pair of you! Christmas has gone right down the Rodney hold. You're a postman with a spaceship.\" Grandsanta accused pointing his boney finger at Steve. He stood up with his hands on the table pressing his index finger down with the point he made, \"My S-1 festivezed the world at 1,869 times the speed of sound.\" Grandsanta stood up as well mimicking his posture to the best of his ability. \"Christmas 1941, World War II did the whole thing with six reindeer and a drunken elf!\" Steve rolled his eyes and sat back down, no one would understand what he was going threw here. He felt his HOHO vibrate. Quickly retrieving it from his pocket he read, ' Well you got everyone threw it. I'm really sorry Steve but, I'm getting ready to start working and I need to focus on this part. Send me text's if you want just know that's why I won't be responding quickly.' Steve let out a sigh, ' I'll just talk to you in the morning okay? Don't work to much, you need sleep. See you in a few days.' \"Goodness now, \"Christmas crackers. Sing 'Silent Night' backwards.\" His mother read off a card, \"Who'd know that?\" His father asked, Steve just raised a brow at her thinking the same thing when Arthur quickly smacked the tree bell and sang out some gibberish to them. Giving Arthur yet another look Steven just went back to the conversation, \"I went on alone.\" Grand-Santa said with conviction, \"I could still do it now, Arthur.\" He smiled at his youngest Grandson. \"Just give me a go!\" Steven raised a brow at him with a smirk on his face not being able to help the next comment. \"In a heap of sticks.\" His father started laughing but, Grand-Santa lost his smile, \"Let me up and at him!\" He yelled grabbing his cane, \"I'll show you, Robby the Robot!\" He flipped the board game messing up all of the pieces, flinging them to the other side of the room. Feeling his HOHO go off again he almost would of smiled thinking it was from Abigail until he saw it wasn't, a look of shock covered his face as he practically ran from the room, shutting the doors behind himself. Looking down at his phone with worry he made his way to the Operational Area. \"Steve!\" He heard his younger brother call, \"Steve! Don't be upset look!\" Arthur called finally catching up to his older brother. \"You keep this,\" He said revealing the Santa piece he had been fighting for not that long ago. \"Then you can be Santa next time.\" Steve took it and looked at it confused, this was not going to fix anything, it was just a piece of a board game. \"That'll be you there, Steve.\" Arthur pointed behind him, he turned to look just seeing the wall, \"Next year I bet.\" He took a deep breath, \"You'll be great.\" He smiled at his brother, Steve just looked at Arthur then behind him to all the open doors, not knowing how to do mushy stuff with his family, or anyone that well really he decided to brush it off while turning around. \"How many times, Arthur? It's the North Pole. Shut the doors.\" He said with an exasperated voice going threw the next door.[Chapter 2] Walking into Central Command he was met with his assistant, Peter, and another nameless elf he didn't know that well. \"I secured the gift, sir. Gift secured!\" She said with a slightly high pitched voice, \"This just can't be.\" Steve said looking at her, \"The system is foolproof.\" His voice was still disbelieving, \"It has to be an error, sir.\" Peter said motioning to the female elf. \"Error?\" Steve parroted back, still confused. \"I spotted the ribbon glinting in the shadows. I am actually trained in wrapping.\" She started to go on. \"And I said to myself, \"Bryony, the wrapping looks okay. Thank goodness.\" The now named Bryony proclaimed with a smile on her face, before it was replaced with a more serious look, \"but that present should not be lying in the-\" She was cut off with a hand raised, \"Thank you, soldier.\" He just needed a minute to think, \"Has someone got the wrong present? That's awful.\" Arthur said slipping on the ice, \"No one get's the wrong present.\" Peter said walking over to a computer, \"Whose is it?\" Arthur asked following him, \"47785BXK, \"Gift undelivered\"?\" He asked with a shocked face, Arthur pulled in a little closer, \"They got nothing?\" Peter shrugged his shoulders at Arthur just as confused as Steve now, \"A child's been missed!\" Arthur yelled, Steve held up his hands trying to reign in control of the situation. \"Not necessarily.\" He started in his explanation, he was however interrupted by the computer count down resetting itself and showing a simple 1. Arthur yelled and pointed, \"A child's been missed!\" Steve scoffed and looked over at his brother, \"Wanna wake up the North Pole?\" He asked rhetorically, \"Good idea. A child's been missed!\" He went screaming down the pathway to go wake up everyone. \"Arthur!\" Steve yelled at him, before letting out a sigh hearing his father come in. \"Everything all right?\" He asked while yawning, quickly Steve tried to use his body to shield the present from his fathers eyes, if word got out about this he would never get to be Santa. \"There's been a glitch.\" He tried to start out only to have Arthur come in and grab the gift showing it to their father, \"A glitch? We've missed a child!\" Arthur said pushing it in front of Steve who tried to elbow him back gently, \"Really? Dear, oh, dear.\" Santa said walking up and looking around at everything, \"That's awful.\" Steve tried to run in front of him again, vainly trying to stop his father from seeing anymore. \"How did you let it happen, Steven?\" He dropped his hands done with trying to block his view, how could he just, it wasn't like he was Santa. \"How did I- ? I thought it was your mission.\" He threw back at him, Santa got that smile on his face, \"No, this is your department.\" \"What'll we do?\" Arthur asked looking back and forth in between the two. Santa held up his finger, \"We must- We must-\" His face lost the smile and took on a confused look, \"What must we do, Steven?\" He asked turning back to his son. \"There's nothing to do. The mission was a success.\" He tried again, \"We can't leave a child out of Christmas.\" Arthur jumped out from behind their father, wanting to let out a growl he started walking over to Peter. \"Sunrise at destination,\" he watched Peter quickly type away and then motion to the screen once he had made the very short trip over to it. \"is 7:39 a.m. There's no way to get there in time.\" He motioned to the screen as well to help prove his point. \"Except, of course, for the S-1.\" He added as an after thought. \"The S-1. Right-o.\" His father smiled starting to walk off, \"No!\" Steven yelled to stop him, \"The S-1 has just traveled 7 million miles.\" He threw his hands down. \"We could damage it!\" Santa's eyes grew in size \"Oh, dear.\" \"And risk the lives of the elves,\" He said motioning down hoping that the little female elf would take the hint. Peter played along perfectly, she how ever did not. \"I'll go, sir!\" She quipped, \"Bryony Shelfley Wrapping Division. Grade 3, sir.\" Peter let go of the act and glared at the she-elf. \"Who asked you?\" \"I wasn't called up for field duty. I served out my mission in Gift Wrap Support. I wrapped 264,000 presents in three days, sir. If you want that bike delivered in a perfect state,\" Steve looked down to see Peter mocking her, \"of enwrapement, then I'm your elf.\" She finished enthusiastically. \"No one is going. It's impossible.\" Steve put his foot down. They were not going to wreck his S-1. \"But this child-\" Santa was interrupted by Peter, \"It's a margin of error of 0.00000001514834 percent, sir.\" He said showing the HOHO he did his math on to Steve, who gained a smiled, \"I mean, hello? Where's the champagne? My department has delivered the most outstanding Christmas ever.\" He motioned to the graph on his HOHO, still smiling. His father adopted the smile as well, \"Well done, us.\" Steve wanted to roll his eyes, of coarse when ever there was a problem or something was wrong it was his fault wasn't it? \"But there's a child without a present.\" Arthur gloomfully stated looking at then both with disappointed eyes, \"Arthur, Christmas is not a time for emotion.\" He tried to adopted an upset face, even though he was pleased he had smoothed it over so no one would find out, \"We will get 4 double 7 85BXK a present within the window of Christmas.\" He tried to smooth it over with Arthur now, trying to convey he was serious. \"We'll messenger the item. It'll be there in five days.\" \"But that'll ruin the magic.\" Steve walked over and patted his brothers shoulder, \"If there was any way at all to make the drop tonight,\" He walked off a bit while raising his hands, still looking at him, \"But it can't be done.\" \"Your brother knows about these things. I won't sleep easy after this, Arthur, but there it is. Can't be done.\" His father said looking Arthur straight in the eyes with a forlorn look before walking off with Steven.[Chapter 3] Slowly Steven made his way back to his wing of the place. Quietly he hung his suit back up and put it in a protective covering. \"Well looks like it will have to wait until next year.\" He let out a sigh finishing zipping it up. He turned away and just stood in his giant walk in closet, the lights went out with the computerized female voice stating, \"Lights out.\" He let out a sigh and walked over to his bed, debating on texting Abigail or not he eventually decided against it. Picking up a book he started to read it until his eyes grew heavy, picking up his phone he was going to text her goodnight or something stupidly sweet that she would love, until he was interrupted by falling asleep. Steve opened his eyes to see that he was standing in the S-1's cockpit at the reigns. He looked around quickly seeing all of the elves there as well. \"Steve? What are you waiting for? You can't have Christmas with out Santa.\" Abigail said from behind him, he turned around to see her in a skimpy Santa outfit, smiling at him. He looked down at himself to see he was wearing his suit. \"What are you doing here Abby?\" He asked turning back around to take control of the S-1, \"You know you're supposed to wait at home.\" She hugged him from behind pressing herself against his back. \"I didn't want to wait to see you though.\" She purred into his ear, \"It's Christmas, I wanted to sit on Santa's lap.\" He could hear the grin in her voice. He grinned as well, \"Abby, we can't do this here in front of them.\" He motioned around to all the elves, which were now no longer there. He turned his questioning gaze to her, \"I sent them away. The S-1 has auto pilot.\" She shrugged smiling up at him. \"We promised mother to be home as early as possible.\" He smiled down at her, she was just a head shorter than him. \"The elves can take care of just a few cities.\" She moved her arms to wrap them around his neck and pull him down, \"It won't take long for me to tell you what I want.\" Steve picked her up and moved them both to the closest chair. \"Alright you can tell Santa what you want but, you have been a very naughty girl.\" He grinned as she slowly trailed her hands down to his pants. A loud noise and vibration woke Steve up out of his wonderful dream. Grunting he answered it, \"Hello?\" He cleared his throat quickly, \"What elf?\" Quickly switching the call over the bedside screen he saw Peter, \"Bryony Shelfley, sir. The crazy wrapping elf, you know?\" He made hand gestures to prove how crazy she was. \"Security tracked her to Sector 19, and we think Arthur was here.\" \"Arthur?\" Steve asked sitting on the side of his bed, \"Who else leaves the door open, huh, sir?\" He asked revealing that a door, the door , to the outside was wide open. \"The old sleigh barn?\" He asked standing up, \"That was sealed up decades ago, after that terrible night Grand-Santa sneaked out and,\" He let out a shuttered breath before sitting down on the end of his bed, \"Thank goodness he's too old these days to get into trouble.\" \"What do you wish to do, sir?\" Peter asked, \"Get me the security footage from the sleigh barn and bring it to the Command Center.\" Steve let out a sigh ending the call and putting the book back on its shelf. Making his way down the hallways he pulled out his HOHO again. Abby you still awake? He sent, needing someone to talk to. Someone that would understand his side, and care about it. As he opened the door to Command Center he felt it go off with a reply, Yeah, I'm stuck at this part. I give up, for now. What's up, besides you? :) He shook his head, A lot. Things went wrong earlier and more happened then I was made aware of. It's coming back to bite me in the butt now. He let out a sigh while grabbing an espresso. Are you just on clean up duty or are you getting blamed for it all? She sent back fairly quickly he let out a sigh, Both . Ick, double whammy. I'm sorry. Want to talk about it in more detail? Still on clean up duty. He took a drink before nodding to Peter. Watching it all on the giant screen he stopped his enjoyment of the hot drink, \"The old sleigh. What is happening here?\" He asked seeing it in reverse, slamming his cup down. \"It was supposed to be chopped up,\" He walked away from Peter his voice getting louder, his movements getting sharper, \"for firewood decades ago.\" He turned back to start pacing, \"How did that devious-?\" He cut himself off in his rant, \"Old people, sir.\" He sounded calm, \"Shall I get you your stress ball?\" Steve turned to glare at him, before raising a brow, \"We have a finer comms than the Pentagon, and you say we can't contact him,\" He looked up at the huge screen to see his brother with a stupid grin on his face. Like he was enjoying all this torment he was causing his brother, scratch that he probably was. Why else would he do all of this on Christmas eve to him, after everything else he has already gone threw as if it wasn't enough, \"except by some ancient-\" He was interrupted in his ranting monolog by an old voice calling out some old term used to gain attention, \"Here comes the cavalry!\" His voice sounded even more ancient than his Grandfather's. Turning to the voice he looked down to see that Peter had followed him, sometimes it was convenient that the little elf followed him so relentlessly, other times it was a bit unnerving. \"Ernie Clicker, sir.\" This time it seemed to be informative, \"Head of Polar Communications for 46 missions!\" The old elf called a smile on his wrinkled face, slowly he made his was towards them, \"Oh, crikey blikey,\" Steve recognized that tone, it was the same one Grand-Santa had every time he was going to go on some long spiel about something he had done decades ago. \"me and your granddad saw some times!\" Called it. Steve thought to himself before quickly walking towards the ancient elf, \"I remember once,\" Picking him up and setting him on the chair he interrupted not wanting to hear it, \"Wow, must catch up soon.\" His voice completely dismissive, \"Now,\" \"Oh, you're in a hurry. I can tell.\" Ernie looked up at him, as Peter pulled the wire away from him and pulled off the covering, blowing on it kicked up enough dust to not only choke himself but, Steve as well. The machine came to life shocking the old elf slightly, \"Oh this is ridiculous. Could we hurry this?\" Steve asked being pushed to his limit. The old one turned to harass him some more it seemed, \"You can't rush the Signalator.\" He rubbed his hands up the keypad softly, \"Got to play her gentle.\" Steve brought both of his brows up, out, and together as the elf whacked the Signalator. \"So, what do you wish to say?\" He turned his face back to the now whirling machinery. \"I wouldn't worry. It's not like they're facing man-eating lions.\" Steve and Peter shared a look before Steve shook himself out of it. \"I need to know what they are thinking! I need to know where they are now!\" Ernie typed away on his machine before sitting back and watching the little flags. \"You'll have to give it a minute, unlike all your fancy things today it takes a minute to get threw.\" Ernie smiled at them both before just sitting there. It had been a good 5 minutes so Steve checked his phone. Well, I am really sorry to hear that. After your done call me. Maybe I can take your mind off of it. At least for awhile. \"Oh!\" Ernie called out distracting him from replying back, \"Something's coming through.\" Steve bent back down to look at it closer, \"What does it say?\" Ernie spoke a bunch of gibberish. Steve looked down at him then at Peter. \"What?\" He repeated, \"I don't know.\" Ernie said looking at the flags standing up, \"Maybe they hit something and it bumped it out of place.\" He said pulling on a few of the flags. \"Maybe if I,\" And he went to work trying to fix it. \"Try them again. Keep trying.\" Steve grumbled, \"All this for one child. In 600 million.\" No one ever cared if I got anything or not. He moped to himself. I'll call when its done but, it seems like its going to take all night at this rate. More things keep going wrong. \"We should turn her of a mo.\" Ernie said looking back at them. \"Don't worry, sir. Children are stupid. Either it won't know it got missed or it'll think it's been bad. It's a win-win.\" Peter tried to calm him down. but I wasn't bad. Steve gloomed in his own mind. \"You missed one? A nipper? Cor!\" Ernie started to laugh, \"What's all this here for if you miss one?\" Derailing the depressing train of thought for now he decided to focus on what needed to be done. \"Could you please type faster?\" Ernie looked up at him with a sarcastic face, \"All right.\" He typed a few more words only to have the machine revolt against him. It flung a flag at Steve in anger and decided that it was done. Sending a shock to the main computer, \"Systems critical. Lead in Christmas.\" The computer rang out as all the lights started to go out quickly. Until the entire room was dark. \"Oops-a-daisy.\" Ernie proclaimed, Steve felt a small hand grab his, \"Peter,\" he let out in an air of annoyance, \"let go of my hand, please.\" \"Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.\" Peter said while letting go of his hand quickly. His phone went off with a reply from Abigail, \"And get me IT.\" He said while reading it, You could just take a break, let it calm down and call me? Besides isn't it your fathers company or what ever? I mean I know you do all the work but, seriously it's Christmas, we had a web date planned for later and everything. Steve let a smile cross his face for just a moment. We had a date planned? He just pictured her squirming having let the cat out of the bag early. Did my phone put date? Because I typed web chat. Stupid auto-correct. Ha-ha. He let out a chuckle. I'm not complaining. It will be a nice surprise. Speaking of surprises have you seen what's on the news? Aliens on Christmas, really? He looked confused at the text for a minute before turning his HOHO onto the news, what he watched astonished him.[Chapter 4] \"We are online, sir.\" Steve turned to see a bird on his shoulder, shaking it off he went to go look at all the damage his family had done. \"No.\" He said watching as all the screens came to life showing different news channels all with the same thing on. \"Two billion items delivered, and we didn't leave a footprint in the snow. And now-\" \"Sir?\" I timid elf called interrupting him for the, he lost count now, time. \"We have lost 80 percent of our data.\" Steve turned to him looking at his screen, it read, ERROR_CODE 14 LAST CHRISTMAS SAVED: 1981 \"No, no. We have 18 pulse data reservoirs of a trillion terabytes!\" The elf looked a tad scared, \"Sorry, auto-save was off.\" \"Shall I slap his, sir?\" The elf let out a shocked noise, \"Quite hard?\" Peter grinned while holding up his hand. \"Sir,\" A female elf called his attention, \"There's a polar bear on Level 6.\" \"Sir? Why is Arthur out there?\" \"He missed one. A nipper. I mean 47785BXK.\" Ernie told them with a sarcastic smirk on his face. Steve looked up and let out a breath trying to remain calm. All the elves gasped, a seal made its way down the stairs and the damn bird pooped on his shoulder all in the span of 5 seconds. Steve just stared at his now ruined suit. \"Sir, we've got something. Bryony Shelfley, it's her HOHO.\" Steve jumped to the screen that read that. \"Call her. My number. Big screen.\" He growled out wanting to get this under control before even more people found out about it. After just a few short seconds the crazy elf answered it, \"Grand-Santa says he's not here.\" \"Hi. I'm looking for a missing relic.\" Steve decided to start it off. While holding his espresso. \"Steve, three words.\" His grandfather started, \"Is the first word \"help\"?\" He handed his espresso to Peter. \"Yes!\" Arthur replies relief and hope flooding his voice, \"You can help us, Steve!\" \"It was him!\" Grand-Santa yells pointing to Arthur trying to get out of being in trouble more than likely. \"Frosty the Madman. He forced me to come.\" Arthur looked at the old man confused, Steve already knew it had been Grand-Santa, he more than likely talked Arthur into going. \"Elf, back me up if you want a career.\" He watched as Grand-Santa tried to weasel his way out of it. \"I forced you?\" Arthur asked disbelief in his voice, pointing at Grand-Santa, with the reigns in his hands. \"You see? Look.\" \"What did you want, Grand-Santa? Let me guess.\" He stuck out his finger then brought his hand to his chin in mock thought, \"Hmm.\" His arm crossed under the other, \"A picture of you in the sleigh delivering the gift.\" His hand waved about as he talked, \"to show me how it's really done?\" He turned away from the screen not listening if the man was going to try and defend himself or not, \"You know the picture they'll have tomorrow?\" He rhetorically asked before dramatically turning and walking back towards the screen, \"You, led away in handcuffs! The Santa who was seen.\" He raised his arms up motioning to everything around him, \"By everybody on Earth! The Santa who ruined Christmas.\" Peter jumped up to be seen by the sleigh, \"Ruined it!\" He parroted. He watched the screen as Grand-Santa pulled the reins away from Arthur, \"We'll fix this, Steve. We'll be back home in the wobble of a reindeer's buttocks.\" He called with a smile, \"And Evie can go back in mothballs. You can forget she ever existed.\" He glanced over to Arthur to see the hurt and betrayal on his face. \"You can't just go home. What about Gwen?\" He asked pulling the reins from his grandfather once again. For a moment Steve was touched, Arthur cared so much that this little girl got her present from Santa he went and faced most of his fears for her. To bad no one cared like that when I was little. It does a kid good to have their hopes crushed at least once. And with that his sour mood continued, \"Gwen. For that, you'd threaten my whole operation?\" \"Steve, you said if there was any way to get there, you would.\" Arthur tried to reason with his brother. While fighting for control of the sleigh. \"Well, this is it. Look.\" He stated with a smile grabbing the HOHO and showing him the sleigh, or at least what was left of it. \"The old sleigh is perfect, uh,\" He stated picking up a piece from the back, \"Right. Well, anyways, it goes really fast even with bits missing.\" He showed the control panel, then he turned it towards the reindeer, \"And we've got quite a few reindeer left.\" The camera came back around to them, \"And, if I'm sick again I could be sick in a bag.\" Arthur tried to reason still, \"I'll wrap him one.\" Bryony nodded happily from the back ground, Grand-Santa just looked at the screen wondering if Steve would go along with all of this. \"We can help them!\" \"No one missed, sir!\"All of the other elves started to agree, the holiday spirit seeming to consume them all. \"All correct presents, present and correct.\" Steve watched as all the screens went from the damage they had done to everything they could do, with his help of coarse, \"With your help Steve, we can do it!\" Arthur encouraged even further, everyone turned to look at him. Maybe I could, it wouldn't be so bad for every child to have a gift that they wanted would it? And besides I'm just cleaning up Fathers mess. They would have to see it – his train of thought was interrupted though, \"Grand-Santa and Arthur would be the hero's of the night, sir!\" The shattering glass is what broke it all, it broke the nice train of thought, it broke the possibility that maybe things could and would go right for once. It broke all of Steve's hopes of a happy Christmas as well. \"Come home now!\" He ordered, \"If we all just gave in to Christmas spirit, there'd be chaos.\" \"We're on our way, Steve.\" \"No!\" Arthur yelled no willing to give it up, \"Santa will want us to get to Gwen. Ask him. Please.\" He begged, Steve could see this was his last effort the last thing he had to fight with, a small smile was on his lips as he tried to figure out how to word it to his younger brother, it wasn't a smug smile, or even a happy one. It was one of those sad smiles, like you knew where this is going and you couldn't do anything else to stop it. \"Arthur this is Dad we're talking about. There was a time when he cared about every last gift tag, but now he just wants to be loved and get some rest.\" Steve knew he had won, there wasn't anything left to fight with now. Arthur had finally come to the conclusion that Steve had come to many years ago. \"No. He's lying awake, worrying his beard off about Gwen.\" Steve's face set in a firm line, his eyes showing how sad he actually felt about his little brother having to learn this lesson for himself, wishing it would have been in a less devastating manner but, it was something he had to learn. Quickly he pulled up their fathers number on his HOHO, \"Off to the land of nod. Please do not disturb until December 26th. Is that it, dear?\" \"Yes, Press the red-\" His mothers voice was cut off as his father presumably did as he was told. Steve hung up the phone looking at his brothers broken face, that seemed to be how everything was around the North Pole, at least to Steve. \"No,\" He sat back, \"Santa's the most caring man in the world.\" \"So why are you here, not him?\" Bryony asked her own voice close to breaking. Grand-Santa grabbed the reins and pulled knocking them all off the sleigh and promptly ending the call. Steve let out a sigh.[Chapter 5] \"Do we have a lock on where they fell?\" It was just a few short minutes later when all the sudden he was being swarmed by elves. As far as he could gather one elf had told another and now a crazy back lash from the horrible game telephone was occurring, \"He's crazy!\" \"Is there a list of children who don't matter?\" \"Santa said they don't matter 100 percent.\" He was going to kill his father, turning to address the general direction of the one who had talked to him he was inturputed yet again, \"Is it true children aren't real, they're just antimatter?\" Where the hell is all of this coming from?! Steve screamed in his head, Steve tried shushing them all, \"Do not- Look. Look!\" He yelled over everyone having had enough of it all, \"I festivised every single country in the world. You see?\" Why can't anyone see what I did right tonight? Instead of one little mistake that wasn't even mine to make! Peter handed him a pad and he swiped it across showing different countries, \"This one, this one, this one. All of them. I mean, who cares about one single tiny child?\" He asked before thinking about it, they all gasped and Steve looked to see his father coming in as well, \"I do.\" He tried to cover quickly, He watched as his father walked threw the throngs of elves. \"Arthur.\" He stated looking at all of the screens, \"My poor boy. Why on earth would he-? You're his brother, Steve. How could you let him?\" Steve wanted to yell then, he wanted to scream, even when he tried to get his brother to come back home not having known he had even left in the first place it was still his fault. Was everything going to be his fault? \"And about this child you missed, I'm really not sure you made the right decision.\" Apparently it is going to be all my fault. Of coarse it is you can't have a Santa that makes mistakes now can you. \"Is that bird doo on your shoulder?\" His father asked looking at his right shoulder, \"Right.\" Steve stated walking off towards the door, \"Over there is Satellite, Tracking, Navigation, Data Analysis.\" He stated pointing each one off for his father while carrying the pad and himself with what dignity he had left towards the doors. \"Coffee machine's by the door. Good night, Santa.\" He practically spat the word out, before signing the first Christmas song that came to mind. As soon as the doors shut he pulled out his HOHO and dialed Abigail's number, \"Hello?\" Her voice asked, \"Steve are you okay? I tried texting you like 6 times. What happened?\" Steve let a smile come over his face, at least one person cared. \"I'm alright physically but, not so much with everything else. How are you?\" \"Steve what happened? I thought it was just a little mess to clean up but, it's been hours!\" \"I need to find a new job.\" \"What?! You're father fired you? Over something that wasn't even your fault?\" She asked he could hear the anger rising in her voice, \"No I quit.\" \"Oh,\" there was a pause, \"Are you sure that's the best thing? Or what you really want?\" Steve let out a sigh finally coming up to his room, \"No but, everything is my fault.\" She could hear the despair in his voice. \"No it's not. I can name 200 things off the top of my head that aren't your fault.\" Steve raised an eyebrow even though she couldn't see it. \"Really?\" \"Yeah. Global warming for one.\" Steven rolled his eyes. \"The fact that I now have more game time than work time this week.\" He shook his head. \"But, if you want I can skip all that and tell you what really is your fault.\" Her voice was so casual about it. The grip on his HOHO tightened, \"What?\" \"The fact that we met. Or the fact that I care about you. Or how you make me happy even when you aren't here. How you make me feel like I matter even though I don't have a family.\" He could hear all of her emotion behind it and it made him smile. \"Thank you.\" \"Oh no I wasn't done.\" Her voice completely serious. \"But since you keep interrupting me I guess you don't want to know.\" He could hear the tease in her voice. Shaking his head with a smile, \"Hey do you want to spend some time together?\" He asked slowly, \"Maybe I could stay at your place for a bit? Or you could tell me a good hotel to stay at.\" He tried to correct smacking his forehead.[Chapter 6] She heard Steve let out a loud gasp, startling her. \"What is it?\" She asked threw her headset. \"No.\" She heard him let out in a gasp. \"Steve is it a bad time?\" \"Hold on Abby.\" He answered running around his room, \"I can't believe he would do this!\" He complained, Abigail decided to wait before asking questions, obviously he just need to rant right now. \"He doesn't even know how to drive it!\" He whined, shaking her long brown hair she just waited for him to finish. Not even a few minutes later she could hear him running down the halls of his house and a computer voice ring out, \"S-1 dented.\" Squinting her eyes she was getting ready to ask before, \"Sir. Sir!\" Was exclaimed by another male voice, \"Was that Peter? I thought he was just a work buddy. I didn't think you two lived together. Wait I thought you said you lived with your parents?\" Abigail asked completely confused now. \"Big scratch down side.\" The computer went on. \"Steven?\" \"Popped out to take present.\" She could tell he was reading off of something, a loud scratching noise interrupted him, \"Turkey sandwich in fridge. Mum and Dad.\" A few grunts was heard before, \"That idiot, Arthur. He's sent everyone crazy. He'll destroy Christmas.\" Abigail shook her head but, once again decided that keeping quiet was the better option to get things out of Steve. She heard Peter call out, \"And you'll never get to be Santa.\" \"Wait.\" She squinted her eyes replaying what Peter had just said a few times in her head while listening to Steve mutter and grumble all while sounding like he was getting thrown around. \"Oh Steven!\" She heard his father call. \"You've dented it!\" Steve yelled out causing her to flinch away from the noise, \"You take it out without asking?\" \"Malcolm, you told me he knew.\" She heard the Misses scold, in-spite of everything Abigail found herself grinning. She always did like that woman. \"You know how Steve feels about his S-1.\" Oh so his dad is taking out his plane or whatever he said it was. . . actually he never did say for sure what it was. She almost wanted to scratch her head at that but, didn't instead focused on the conversation she wasn't even for sure if she should be hearing. \"It's my S-1.\" Steve let out a grunt, \"S for 'Santa'.\" Abigail's eyes narrowed again. Great the first good guy I date for a few years and him and his whole family is a bunch of loons. She let out a groan looking around for her phone to hang up on him. \"Of course she's all that matters. Not me, your son.\" She could hear the letdown in his voice, it stopped her search short. \"Not the 2 billion things I did right tonight.\" The hurt was clear in his voice now. \"No!\" He drug out the o a tad. Her search was renewed thinking she shouldn't hear this conversation that was to come between father and son. \"I was 8. You're my dad!\" Clearly she missed something that was said then berated herself for listening in at all. After a few minutes she let out a huff right as Steve let out, \"Thank you.\" She chewed on her bottom lip. \"Uh Steve?\" She started until he continued obviously not talking to her, \"So since gift delivery to child 4 double 7 85BXK is all that seems to matter, I'll do it myself. Then will pick up Arthur and Grand-Santa from what ever ditch they've ended up in, and then I will go and get my girlfriend and bring her here as well.\" She could feel his attention shift back to her, \"If you want to come over to my house and let me explain everything you just heard.\" \"You were on the phone!\" His mother started to scold, \"If he would have asked I wouldn't of gotten caught up in the middle of my call!\" He whined to her. Abigail let out a sigh, \"I would love to hear how you think you can explain everything I just heard. How long am I staying for?\" She could hear the smile in his voice, but also the question more than likely aimed at his mother, \"For as long as you like?\" There was a pause, \"Yeah for as long as you like.\" Abby let out a huff, \"Fine, I'll be ready in 3 hours. I have things I have to do first. Besides it sounds like you will be taking awhile anyways. If you somehow get here early you will have to wait.\" \"I'll be there as soon as I can. I'll see you-\" She hung up on him finally having found her damn phone. \"God! I'm in love with a lunatic!\" She yelled out to her apartment before walking back over to her desktop. \"You better hope I don't have trouble with it this time!\" She yelled to her ceiling before rapidly typing. After 2 hours she turned it off. \"Darn it all!\" She yelled looking at the clock on the wall. Quickly she ran to her bedroom pulling out her laptop case and duffel bag. \"He made it sound like it was bad weather a lot where he lives so I might be stuck for a day or two.\" Quickly she ran to her closet. Pulling it open she made a face, \"I'm calling him a loon but, I'm the one talking to no one. Why am I still doing it?\" She asked confusion covering her face shaking her head she pulled out 3 sweaters, 4 tank-top's, 2 long sleeve shirts, 2 short sleeved shirts, her pair of black knee high boots and her pair of ankle black boots. Throwing it all on her bed in a rush. Running over to her dresser she open drawers and pulled out other things throwing it all on the bed. Shoving it all into the duffel she ran to the bathroom jumping into the shower. After doing everything she normally did while taking shower but, at a slightly accelerated pace she toweled off and got dressed, after brushing her teeth, and while she was combing her hair, Steve called. \"Abigail? We are almost there, and I know it's,\" She heard him sigh, \"really rude but, my mother would love to meet you before the ride back. Would it be okay if we came in?\" Abigail looked around her small apartment. \"Uh, can you give me like 10 more minutes? I'm in the middle of brushing my hair. I at least want to look okay before I meet your family.\" She could hear the smile in Steve's voice, \"Oh no, no that's fine! I'll give you 15 if you want to be sure?\" \"Umm yeah sure sure. Busy talk when you get here.\" Quickly she hung up the phone again only now running around her house to get tea and snacks ready all while grumbling to herself. \"Well?\" Margaret asked him with a smile on her face. \"She uh needs a few minutes but, we can go down. After 15 minutes.\" \"Oh good. Grand-Santa I brought you some clothes. Arthur here is a sweater, and Malcolm dear you can't go and meet her in that suite. Here, I brought some clothes for you as well.\" She started, \"I'm sure once everyone has changed it will have been enough time as well.\" She smiled while handing out everything. \"Steve I didn't bring anything for you though.\" She hummed while looking at him. \"This is fine mother.\" \"Oh good.\" After a few more minutes all the Santa's came back into the bridge room. \"Now will this be okay here while we are in there?\" \"Yes mother.\"[Chapter 7] It had been 20 minutes since Steve had called. She just got everything out and ready when there was a knock on her front door. Letting out a sigh she shook her head looking down at the poor snacks. She had popped a bag of pop corn, well technically 4 and threw them in a bowl and had 6 cups out with the tea still on the stove. Quickly she walked over to the door, opening it she saw Steve smiling at her, \"Abigail!\" He started going in for a hug, quickly she dodged it by opening the door further, \"Hello Steve. I take it this is your mother?\" She asked going to shake the woman's hand. \"Why hello dear!\" The older woman smiled at her. Abigail smiled back while showing them into her house. Steve's face went blank. He really needed her support right now, letting out a sigh he ran a hand down his face. He still had to explain everything to her. \"I'm sorry I don't have more out. I wasn't expecting company.\" She smiled motioning to the table with popcorn and cookies. \"Oh its fine darling! We didn't expect anything considering we came a bit unannounced, which I am sorry for I just had to meet the girl Steve went on about.\" Steve face palmed again. \"Were is your family? Shouldn't you be spending the holidays with them?\" Arthur asked looking around the small apartment, Steve flinched watching as her whole body went rigid. She turned around smiling though, \"I don't know where my family is. I'm an orphan never got adopted either.\" Arthur looked down ashamed of himself, \"I am so sorry. I didn't-\" \"It's okay. You didn't know.\" She interrupted him, \"Now Steve I have a few bags of things I need you to help me with.\" She glared at him, letting out a sigh he smiled at his family before walking off. Shutting her bedroom door she whisper yelled at him, \"What in the world do you think you are doing?! Inviting yourself and your family into my home! On Christmas of all days! And clearly you haven't told them anything about me! I should kill you!\" \"Abigail listen! I know there is a lot I need to explain!\" \"You're right! Start with the Santa business!\" She practically growled at him. \"It's a long story.\" At her pointed glare he started anyways, \"My family is the Clauses. Santa is the title passed down from father to son starting with Nicolas.\" Abigail shut her eyes shaking her head, \"That wasn't long at all.\" She said picking up her laptop and charger putting it in the case. \"You're a bunch of loons and I'm going to go on a ride with you which means I'm insane as well.\" She huffed pulling out wrapped boxes from the closest. \"Here, Santa ,\" She sneered, \"Take these out there. Might as well give them to them now.\" \"See,\" He started while grabbing the gifts from her, \"I'm not Santa. My brother is going to be.\" She turned sharply on him, \"Then what is that suite for?\" She asked raking her eyes up and down him. He doesn't look bad in a suite, hell he doesn't look bad in anything. Her face flushed dark red as she whipped back around. Her face color calmed at the tone in his voice, \"I was supposed to be, but then stuff happened and Arthur is better for it and it was the one thing I wanted and I had the chance to just take it from him but, I'm not any good with kids or anything like that and.\" He let out a sigh, \"I just feel like I'm not good for anything right now.\" He lifted his head as Abby let out a sigh, \"Well since we are all clearly insane let's just say for a few moments I believe you. I'm sure you do something to help everyone with the whole Santa thing. You did to 2 billion things right, though I'm not sure if that is an exaggeration or if its insanity talking there.\" Her eyes went up and down him again, \"And I have to say that if you were Santa you would be the sexiest Santa I've ever seen.\" She grinned before her eyes got wide, \"I mean cause you know, most the time it's old guys in suites and they are fat. No offense to your insane family people or whatever.\" She held up her hands. Steve smiled ear to ear, \"You think I'm sexy?\" \"Well, yes but, yeah.\" She said lamely while running around her room grabbing any last few nick knacks she might need. \"Go give them the damn presents I need to pack bathroom stuff. I have a feeling Imma be locked in a looney bin after this so I want all of my stuff with me when I go there.\" She nodded to him before running out the door. Steve had a goofy smile on his face until he walked out the door and handed everyone their gift. After his hands were empty he realized she didn't get him one. Sitting on the couch he just waited there for her. \"Okay sorry about the wait. I am ready to go as soon as you are.\" She smiled walking over to the coat hanger and putting on her jacket then coat then small hat. \"But I have to ask, what are we riding in and where are we going?\" \"The S-1\" His father smiled, \"To the North Pole!\" Arthur gleamed, \"You have a house on the North Pole?\" \"It's more of under it. Honestly it would be easier to show you rather than explain.\" Steve said motioning to the door where his family filed out. He watched as Abigail shook her head and went to grab all of her bags. Well there was just a laptop case, a duffel, a back pack and a purse. He grabbed the duffel for her and went to grab the back pack but she had already grabbed that and the other 2. \"Well lets go then.\" she sighed walking out of the door. Steve chuckled as she went to go down the stairs. \"No, we are going up to the roof.\" He watched as her face paled, \"You-you have a helicopter?\" The stutter in her voice made him chuckle, \"No I have an S-1. It's more of a UFO really.\" She glared at him, \"Oh so now not only are you from a long line of Santa's you are also aliens?\" Steve just laughed, \"No, just come on let me show you.\" He grabbed her arm and gently pulled her up the stairs. Once they were finally on the roof Abigail looked around, \"Where did your family go?\" She asked the only thing she spotted was two tiny Christmas tree outlines standing up on the roof. Looking closer she could see a wire attached to each one and going up. Quickly her gaze followed up the wire to see a bright spot in the sky, \"You are aliens! And this is some weird complicated abduction thing!\" She yelled turning around, \"Abigail! Why would aliens go to all this trouble?\" Steve sighed following her, she stopped, \"I know what's going on here. I fell asleep waiting for you.\" She nodded her head before turning around. \"So since I'm dreaming lets skip the part where I'm on that.\" She pointed to the small foothold. Steve shook his head, \"I think you're afraid of heights. Come on.\" He sighed picking her up. She started screaming, \"No Steve! You're insane! I'm not going on that thing to go way up there!\" She hollored at him beating on his back with her free hand. \"Abby stop. You trust me don't you?\" \"I did!\" She screeched as he stepped on it and it started to rapidly rise. \"Don't you drop me! I'll come back and haunt you forever!\" She cried. They were inside when she finished, \"I don't want to die.\" She cried latching onto him tighter squeezing her eyes shut. He tried to push her back not thinking she would be this afraid of it. \"Abby? Abby look at me. You're fine.\" \"No I'm not Steven.\" She cried further. \"My goodness Steven! What did you do to her?\" Margaret asked coming over to the crying girl. \"What is wrong dear?\" She asked pulling, or trying, to pull her away from Steve. \"I'm up to high.\" She squeaked digging her nails into him. \"Abigail you are fine. Just look at me for a second.\" Steve tried to coax, \"You're more of a frightened Freddy than Arthur.\" Grand-Santa laughed patting her on the back. She yipped and jumped up on Steve latching onto him and almost making him fall over. Steve let out a sigh. \"Abby I won't let you fall. The S-1 is completely safe.\" She sniffled a bit but, didn't let go. \"Abby? Can I call you Abby? It's okay. I know how you feel. I'm scared of heights too. But if you open your eyes you aren't really up high. Look.\" Arthur tried to coax almost knowing how the poor woman felt. \"If you look it really looks more like a factory floor, safe on the ground.\" Slowly she pulled her head from out of Steven's neck and even more slowly opened on eye looking around. He felt her relax slightly and move to climb down. Steve was a little put off, he couldn't comfort her and Arthur could. Was there anything he was good at anymore? Abigail felt Steve deflate underneath her arms. She looked up at him, he could still see the fear in her eyes and felt horrible, he hadn't even thought about it when he took her up. \"Where am I?\" \"This is, basically as Arthur put it, the factory floor. Where the elves and Santa make the drops for the presents.\" Steve motioned around, \"There are screens at each station to show the elf which house they are going to deliver to as well.\" He tried to blather on about anything besides how high up they were. He felt Abigail's eyes on him, \"What?\" \"So you're telling me the guy I wrote to when I was little was your dad?\" She asked pulling away but never letting go of him, \"And you all are the Clauses?\" Everyone besides Steve nodded smiling at her, \"Yep! I'm dead. You dropped me didn't you?\" She glared at Steve, he let out a sigh. \"Will you believe me if I show you my room at the North Pole? Or mission control? I can show you a few videos as well.\" He said pulling out his big red cellphone. She latched onto him again, \"Steven, I'm scared to fly. I don't want to.\" She whispered while trembling. \"I have to fly there though. Do you want to watch me fly and see how safe and fast it is?\" He added the fast remembering it was something she loved to do, drive fast, close enough though right? She viciously shook her head no. \"Abby I'm the only one who knows how to drive this properly. If you want to get back on the ground quickly and safely I have to go fly the S-1 home.\" \"You're not leaving me.\" Steve smiled down at her, \"Of course not Abby but, you do need to let me go to the cockpit.\" \"Are there seats there?\" \"Yes.\" \"With seat belts?\" He chuckled, \"Yes.\" \"Okay.\" She said pushing him forward, slowly and carefully he made his way up to the bridge, once there he guided her over to a seat and she sat down placing her stuff in the seat next to her. He put in his home address and started to fly but, as soon as he did he was practically tackled by Abigail who had once again latched onto him. Wrapping his arm around her he pushed the throttle down. Looking down at her he could see she was looking at all of the buttons. Grinning, he knew how good she was with tech he started to explain what each thing did. It wasn't annoying like it had been to teach the elves she got it most of it on the first explanation. Though she didn't want to try and drive it either. After 30 minutes they were at the North Pole and he was setting it down in the water to take it to the garage. She let out a squeal when it dipped down towards the water, shoving her face into his chest. \"Abigail we are fine. See?\" He asked as it came back up inside the giant cave. All the elves were waiting for them. She heard a cheer and lifted her head to look around, \"What was that?\" \"Those blasted elves! Make a ruckus all the time.\" Grand-Santa grumbled slowly making his way out of the bridge. Abigail raised an eyebrow at Steve, \"Uh dad?\" He called, \"Yes Steven?\" \"Would you tell them we have a,\" There was a slight pause, \"new visitor?\" He questioned while raising an eyebrow not really sure how to word it. \"Oh yes! Of course son!\" His father smiled before walking out of the room. \"You don't really have elves here do you?\" She asked walking over to pick up her things, Steve grabbed her arm stopping her, \"Yes there are elves here. Peter is an elf. Would you at least give me a hug? I could really use it after everything I've gone threw tonight.\" He whined at her while twisting her around to face him. She raised both of her eyebrows at him looking up threw her lashes. \"I don't know what you've gone threw that's worse than facing 2 of your biggest and only fears,\" She drawled out, he didn't like the look on her face as she slowly got closer to his, \"But your too tall. Lean down.\" She pouted, raising a brow he did, quickly she wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a kiss. It wasn't to long but, it wasn't short either. \"I need another shower.\" She stated turning back around to grab her things. Steve grabbed her arm again spinning her back around to give her another kiss, this one longer and deeper. He tilted her back just a bit, his arm holding her up. She moaned lightly into the kiss, wrapping her arms around his neck again, opening her mouth slightly. Quickly he took advantage of it and pushed his tongue into her mouth, giving a few gentle swipes against her own before exploring the rest of her mouth. After a few more seconds he had to pull away for air. He looked down to see she had a faint smile on her face. \"Now we can leave.\" He smiled going to grab her stuff. Quickly she grabbed her laptop case and purse while he had everything else. \"I'm insane, your a loon. And now I'm going to see elves?\" She asked walking next to him toward a big ramp. \"I'm not a loon. Yes you're going to see elves.\" He motioned around going down the ramp. She had stopped at the top just staring at all of the little elves jumping around and yelling in happiness. Steve stopped when he heard her drop her purse, turning around he started to run back up the ramp. Abigail was normally a collect person. She could handle most things with stride that other people could only gawk at. Today how ever was not one of those days, just having been forced up very, very, high and being made to fly, her brain decided it needed a break from all the stimuli it was getting and promptly shut down. Steve watched her tip precariously as he was running up toward her. He prayed she wouldn't tip over before he got there, it wasn't like he was really far away it just seemed like everything had started to happen in slow motion. He could hear the collective gasp from all the elves and his family as they watched her tip forward. Steve caught her about half-way threw her fall. Gently he shook her, \"Abby?\" He patted her face, \"Abby?\" He called again, \"Abigail wake up!\" After she didn't respond he got a look of panic on his face and looked up and at his mother, \"Mum!\"[Chapter 8] The first thing Abigail noticed was that she felt really warm, like someone was next to her. The next thing she realized was that someone was next to her, holding her tightly against their chest. Thirdly she noticed that she was laying down. Quickly she sat up and tried to pull away from who ever had snuck into her house while letting out a scream. \"Abby!\" Steve yelled trying to grab her arms before she hit him again. \"Abby calm down! You passed out. We are in my room.\" He tried to remain calm while talking to her. She stopped her struggling, \"Steven?\" She looked around, \"This isn't my room. Where are we?\" He shook his head, his mother had said she would be a bit dazed and confused, \"We are in my room. You're safe.\" He watched as pale hands came up to cover her face, \"Oh god, it wasn't a dream. I saw elves.\" She lifted her head, \"And worst of all I passed out!\" She almost whined, Steve turned her to face him, \"Are you okay?\" He asked looking her up and down, watching as she slowly let her hands slide down the front of her body. Looking back up he could see the panic brewing in her eyes again. \"Abby calm down. Breath.\" He tried while holding onto her shoulders, \"You're safe. I'm here.\" He watched as she took a deep breath in then let it out. \"Do you know where you are?\" He asked slowly, her panic look quickly turned to one of anger, \"I'm panicking not stupid. You just said we are in you're room.\" Her eyebrows went up just a little bit as she looked around the room. \"It's very, white.\" She stated. \"Okay, what's the last thing you remember?\" He tried still talking slowly, she turned glaring at him. \"This conversation and how pointless it is. Before that I was at home, then you and your family came over. I went to the roof,\" She shivered, \"You made me go up really, really high,\" Her voice went up a few octaves on the second really. \"I was abducted.\" She nodded her head, \"And the little grey aliens are actually little elves.\" Steve looked down letting out a sigh as she pulled away she went to place her bare feet on the floor only to let out a little squeal and pull them back up on the bed, \"What the hell? Why is it so cold?\" Steve smiled to her, \"It is the North Pole.\" He watched as she hugged her feet close to her body, \"Now I'm really cold.\" She stated while shivering and rubbing her hands up and down her arms. Steve scooted closer to her, \"Come here.\" He said while pulling her close and pulling the blanket down. \"Mother said you should take it easy for a little while.\" She cuddled into him while yawning. \"How long was I out?\" \"Not to long. About 40 minutes maybe 45.\" He shrugged, thoroughly enjoying her snuggled up close to him. \"I think we should just go to bed, it's been a rough day for both of us.\" He stated while fighting the urge to yawn as well, rolling onto his back she followed after him. Using his chest as a pillow and entwining one of her legs into his. \"Yeah.\" She said in a sleepy manner. \"We'll talk later.\" She poked his chest before rubbing her cheek against his shirt and slowly drifting off into sleep. He grinned wrapping his arm around her slowly falling to sleep as well. ","Summary":" The whole mission had gone perfect! Every gift had been delivered, in a timely manner as well, and "},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"The Pillow Phanfic","Author":"xXPhanXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12763324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello. This story is from the point of view of Dan Howell, or Danisnotonfire. It was a Saturday afternoon, and I was sitting in my bed with a bag of chips, binge watching my favourite anime. ' I wonder what Phil is doing ?' I thought to myself as I looked up from my computer. I got out of bed and walked down the hallway to his room. I opened the door and just stood there, shocked and confused at what I saw. Phil was sitting in his bed *MAKING OUT WITH A PILLOW WITH MY FACE ON IT. * a recent picture of me was messily taped to one of Phil's pillows. I tried to walk out of the room as quietly as possible, hoping Phil wouldn't notice. But he did.. as I slowly backed out of the room, Phil happened to look up and see me. The look on Phil's face went from calm to panic. There was a few seconds of awkward silence, and then Phil said \"umm... Dan..? It's... Not... Ah.. what it looks like.. Can we just pretend.. this... never.. ah... happened..?\" I *really* wanted to pull out my phone and take a picture of this hilariously awkward moment, but I stopped myself. I blushed and walked out of the room. I went back into my own room and tried to forget it never happened, but the image of Phil sitting in his bed making out with a picture of me just wouldn't leave my brain. A few hours later, I walked into the kitchen to find Phil making dinner. When he noticed I had walked into the room he said \"so... about earlier... you must think I'm pretty weird, huh? I mean, really, I don't blame you.\" I looked into his light blue eyes and said \"Actually... No.. I don't. I'm just gonna be completely honest.. I've done that a few times but with pictures of my favorite celebrities... Heh..\" He just kinda gave me a blank stare, and then replied \"Yeah, but... This is different... I mean.. I live with you.. You're my best friend...\" I continued to stare at Phil, unsure of what to say. Then, out of nowhere, Phil blurted \"I LOVE YOU DAN HOWELL\" I just looked at him blankly, feeling too many emotions to speak. I looked into his adorable blue eyes and said \"I love you too, Phil Lester...\" Then Phil looked at me and said \"No, I mean, more than just friends.. or close friends... I mean like... I really love you...\" \"I know...\" I said with a smile. \"Really?\" Phil asked, sounding surprised. \"Yes.. I always have.. Well.. I guess the phandom was right all along.\" I said to Phil. Phil walked over from the stove to where I was standing and pressed his soft lips against mine and muttered \"I knew I wasn't crazy.\" I kissed back, and said \"Well.. I guess it's official... Phan is real.\" ️THE END! Leave a like (or comment) for a part two!![Chapter 2] Sorry to say this but I know y'all bitches have been waiting forever for a ch2 but I'm not doing it bc this story sucks.. but to see more of my awful writing u can read Escalators : phan. It has some typos oops but whatever ","Summary":" Hello. This story is from the point of view of Dan Howell, or Danisnotonfire. It was a Saturday aft"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Thoughts","Author":"Going places","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9338352","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's 3 a.m. when he wakes, to the unfamiliar scent of lemon and cinnamon and the feeling of something soft on his chest. He opens his eyes slowly and the first thing he sees is red hair splayed across his chest and a porcelain colored arm wrapped around his waist. He couldn't help but smirk at the girl, the girl who had managed to worm her way into his life in the space of just a few hours. He had never felt so, what was the word, connected to anyone ever. She was different in a good way. He had enjoyed talking to her and it intrigued that she was actually able to keep up with his witty banter. He turns his head slowly to look out the window, careful not to wake the girl sleeping soundly next to him. He froze as he heard her shuffle and snuggle closer into him and inhale sharply. He couldn't help but feel warm at her actions, sure he had been with his very fair share of women but none of them had spent hours trying to get to know him, none of them had ever spent the night and none of them had ever accused him of being a teleshopper, he had to laugh to himself at the last part. But this girl had done all those things and more and he couldn't help but smirk (or was it maybe a smile) at the thought. His mind started to wander, to what it would be like to wake up every morning to smell of cinnamon and lemon and to that same pale hand wrapped around his waist and maybe even seeing a diamond ring on her left ring finger someday, at that thought he stopped his train of thought. What was he doing ? Thinking about stuff like that, and with a girl he had only for a few hours. Was he falling for her ? No, he was Jacob Palmer, he didn't fall girls, girls fell for him. But he couldn't help his mind from wandering again, he sees a future with the girl who had kissed him in the middle of a bar, with everyone watching. Oh, yeah she was different alright. He turns his head towards the clock again and realises that it's nearing 7 a.m. now. Had he really been thinking for that long ? Shaking his head and smirking lightly and rolling over onto his side, careful not to wake the sleeping red head next to him. He hopes to catch a few more hours of sleep but not before coming to a conclusion that he had always thought that he could by himself happiness but now he's starting to see it from a different perspective, a perspective that includes red hair and the smell of lemon and cinnamon. Ok please tell me if I should continue this ? Since it's my first multi-chapter fic, I'm not planning on making it too long. So yeah please review and tell me what you think. Thanks ;)[Chapter 2] Hey I am soooooo sorry I haven't updated in so long, but I was busy with exams and then I went on holidays. Well anyways here's the chapter I hope you like and review. The sunlight streaming in through the large windows is what wakes her up. She sighs contently, burrowing deeper into the sheets. The events of last time come rushing back to her; how she had marched up to the hot guy who hit on her at the bar Jacob, she had to remind herself) kissed him, and gone home with him. Nothing had happened of course, the night had ended in PG-13 rated, she didn't mind. Pillow talking with Jacob had actually been a lot of fun, he was sarcastic and suavely smooth which made the conversations challenging and she had always loved a challenge. With a sigh, she attempts to remove Jacob's arm from around her waist, he efforts are in vain, he just tightens his grip on her. She's so close to him, he smells like \"Old Fashion\"(what did he do, bathe in the stuff) and bitter oranges. It's a strangely comforting smell, a smell she could get used to waking up to. Suddenlyshe remembers that he is still shirtless, she feels her face heat up and knows that she's the color of tomatoes. Jacob shifts slightly, and loosens his grip on her, just enough for her to slip out of bed. She starts to look for her dress and finds it neatly layed on a chair, she slips it on just as Jacob wakes up. \" And where might you be going ? \" he asks, stretching lazily. \"W-w-well, I just thought that I should get going.\" She stammers out nervously. He raises an eyebrow at this, did last night not mean anything to her ? Picking up on what he was suggesting with his expression, her face of surprice quicly turns to one of happiness. \" You mean you want me to stay ?\" She asks. \" Well, yeah. Plus I still need to show you what a tom cat I am in the sack.\" He tells her jokingly, eyes glinting mischieviously. She laughs and shakes her head. \" Alright then, sleeping beauty get up, you can make me breakfast. Oh and do you mind zipping me up ?\" \"Here.\" Getting up and out of the bed, he throws her something, one of his shirts and a pair of boxer shorts. \" Probably, more comfy than your dress.\" \"Thanks\" she heads towards the bathroom to change. She looks at herself in the mirror, the shirt smelled just like him, intoxicating and reached almost to her knees and the shorts kept falling down. She didn't mind his clothes were soft and comfy adshe had a feeling that this thing with Jacob was going somewhere. He was amazing, smart, funny in his own twisted way but best of all he made her feel beautiful and safe and that was something noone had ever managed to do. She smiled and headed downstairs. Well how was it ? Tell me what you think. I will update soon. Thanks ;) ","Summary":" It's 3 a.m. when he wakes, to the unfamiliar scent of lemon and cinnamon and the feeling of somethi"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"The begining","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9322609","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Crazy, stupid love is my favorite movie and I am in love with Jacob and Hannah together so I am disappointed with the lack of fanfiction devoted to this movie and especially these two. Hoping to inspire more stories. I don't own Crazy, stupid love Takes place after Hannah goes home with Jacob. Jacob fell asleep with his drink in his hand. Hannah looked at him, sleeping peacefully and smiled. She had thought she was just going to have sex with him and that was that but she had no idea he was so great, their chemistry was undeniable. She realized she was starting to have feelings for him. She took the drink out of his hand and pulled the sheet up over his chest. She snuggled up close to him and kissed his cheek and laid her head on his shoulder, falling asleep with him. Jacob woke up in the middle of the night and saw Hannah sleeping peacefully on his shoulder, her arm draped across his midsection. He smiled, realizing that he really liked this girl. He fell asleep contentedly for the first time in a long time. The next morning he woke up and found her staring at him, still cuddled up to him. \"Hey\" he smiled \"How'd you sleep?\" he asked. \"Really good\" she said excitedly \"This pillow is no joke, that was money well spent my friend\" \"Unlike the massage chair and the coin bears\" he grinned. \"I don't know about the bears but that chair is total crap\" she laughed. He laughed with her. \"I'm glad you stayed\" he said looking into her eyes and brushing a strand of hair off her face. Her breath caught in her throat when he touched her. He leaned in and kissed her softly, she ran her hand through the back of his hair and kissed him back. He pulled back and looked at her, smiling big. \"What?\" she asked curiously. \"Just testing the waters, I thought maybe last night was a one time only offer to bang\" he teased playfully emphasizing the word bang. \"Well you still owe me some banging you know, you didn't come through, Mr. Suave I want to take you home and am a total Tomcat in the sack fell asleep on me\" she teased. He laughed at her playfulness and leaned up on his elbow to look at her. \"That isn't my fault, I was doing some of my best work but you weren't into it, you kept interrupting with your yammering\" he grinned. \"That was your best work?\" she asked \"Couldn't have been that good then could it?\" she said shaking her head. His jaw dropped in disbelief. \"Well I guess now you'll never know, deal's off\" he said playing hurt. She rolled over on top of him \"No Jacob please, I'm dying to know what a Tomcat you are in the sack, please bang me\" she pretended to beg and climbed on top of him straddling his waist. She ran her hands over his muscular chest. \"God you are hot!\" she smiled appreciatively. He smiled back \"Okay I'll do it\" he sighed playfully throwing his hands up. \"But not right now\" he said pulling her down onto the bed and climbing on top of her. He stared into her eyes \"Because you're different, that's not all I want with you\" he said seriously. \"Okay...different? Like don't eat the paste different or...?\" she asked, feeling rejected. He chuckled \"You're so adorable\" \"Oh great, next you'll be talking about my wonderful personality\" she frowned. \"You're beautiful, smart, funny and all around awesome and I think I'm falling hard for you\" he said seriously. She swallowed hard, staring into his eyes, butterflies in her stomach. \"Is that a line?\" she teased to ease the seriousness of the moment. He shook his head no, continuing to stare into her eyes lovingly. She wrapped her arms around his back, pulling him down on top of her, he slid his arms under her holding her close. \"That's not all I want either\" she said honestly, kissing him softly. \"Good, come on\" he said pulling her up and out of bed. \"I'll make you breakfast before I kick you out of here\" he said playfully. \"Besides I cant be expected to be conscious in a bed with you and not attack you\" They cooked breakfast together and continued to talk and have a good time, laughing and joking with each other. He drove her home, when they got to her apartment he asked \"When can I see you again?\" \"When do you want to see me?\"she asked hopefully. \"Sometime next week?\" he suggested. \"Oh. Okay, give me a call I guess\" she said not looking at him. She started to get out but he grabbed her hand. \"Hey, I was kidding. How about tonight?\" he asked. She smiled at him \"Ok, now I just need to know if there will be banging involved, I need to know how to prepare\" \"I think you should just wear sweats and not bother bathing, that'd be hot\" he teased her. She stuck her tongue out at him playfully then kissed him. She went to get out but he pulled her back to him and kissed her again, his hand on the back of her head. She put her hand on his shoulder and opened her mouth, deepening the kiss. He stared at her when they broke away, their faces still just inches apart \"Plan for the banging\" he grinned widely. \"Yesssss!\" she cheered and got out of the car.[Chapter 2] Jacob picked her up that night, he had flowers for her. \"Wow, really? I didn't figure you for a bringing flowers kind of guy\" she teased. \"Well I'm trying to get laid tonight remember\" he responded playfully. \"Gotta pull out all the stops\" She roared with laughter and pushed him playfully. \"Romance me damn it\" \"You look beautiful by the way\" he told her, seriously. She smiled appreciatively \"Thank you, you look like you stepped out of GQ as always\" she said motioning towards his impeccable appearance. They went to dinner and had drinks, just enough to loosen them up, not so much as to get sloppy drunk. They walked back to his car and she turned to face him as they got to the passenger side. He had leaned in to open the door so he was just inches from her face when she turned. Their eyes met and he leaned in and kissed her softly at first then more passionately. \"Do you want to get out of here?\" Hannah asked playfully, using his line. They went back to his place where he poured them a glass of wine, dimmed the lights and put a slow song on. \"Deja Vu\" she smirked. \"Dance with me\" he requested. \"You mean like normal dancing or did you have another famous movie dance in mind that works every time to get a girl into bed?\" she teased. He didn't answer, just held his hand out for her to take. She looked him over then decided to accept. He turned her once then pulled her close to his body. She put her arms around his shoulders and he wrapped his tightly around her waist. \"Is this your romance package?\" she teased. \"You're not used to this\" he said catching her off guard. \"No\" she admitted \"Far from it\" she said seriously. \"That's a tragedy\" he said honestly, gazing into her eyes. She leaned up and kissed him softly. He pulled her body against his and deepened the kiss. She held him close. \"I have a confession\" she whispered through the kisses. \"Is it that you love to talk while I'm kissing you?\" he teased, referencing the previous evening. \"Ha ha\" she said playfully. \"Actually I was going to say that I've wanted this since the first time you talked to me\" she admitted. \"No way\" he said in disbelief, pulling back. \"Yes\" she insisted. \"Come on\" he said. \"I'm totally serious. I cant believe you don't believe me\" \"Don't flatter me. You didn't give me the time of day\" \"I thought you were hot and funny but I'm kind of a good girl so...\"she shrugged. \"And now?\" he asked huskily, staring into her eyes. \"Take off your shirt\" she instructed him with a sly grin. He did as he was told, tossing it aside, revealing once again his ridiculous body. \"Now you take off your dress\" he instructed her like he had done before. \"You take off my dress\" she countered. He leaned down and kissed her deeply as his hands found her butt, giving it a squeeze before continuing downward. She smiled against his lips and grabbed the back of his neck. He found the bottom of her dress and slowly lifted it up and over her head. He tossed it aside and stepped back to look at her. He smiled appreciatively. She ran her hands over his hard chest and looked up at him. He looked back at her, pure lust in both their eyes. He kissed her hard and walked her backwards to the bedroom. He laid her down on the bed and crawled on top of her kissing her. This time they didn't stop, they made love several times throughout the night. She cuddled up in his arms, chin on his chest so she could look at him. \"So... how was it?\" he asked curiously. \"Pretty freakin' awesome\" she grinned. \"You weren't kidding about the tomcat thing\" He laughed, slightly embarrassed by her praise. \"You're not what I thought\" she said looking at him seriously. \"I probably don't want to know the answer to this but what did you think?\" \"You came up to me in a bar and offered me sex. I thought you were just some sleazy guy that is only interested in getting women in bed then loses all interest.\" He frowned. \"I don't want to lie to you. I was that guy\" he said feeling ashamed of his past. She looked worried, hoping this wasnt going to be a one time thing even though thats what she originally was after. \"I don't want to be that guy anymore\" he told her honestly, looking into her eyes. \"I don't think you're that guy. I think you're sweet and funny and have a great heart. I really like being with you\" she told him. He stared back at her. She laughed \"God I'm being such a girl, we've just had sex and I'm already getting all emotionally attached. That's not what you want to hear after one date\" \"Its exactly what I want to hear. I want to be with you Hannah, I'm completely crazy about you\" he told her honestly. \"So we're doing this?\" she asked. He nodded. \"Can I stay the night?\" she asked, already knowing the answer but just wanting him to say it. \"You can stay forever\" he said. She kissed him happily then snuggled close to him laying her head on his shoulder. ","Summary":" Crazy, stupid love is my favorite movie and I am in love with Jacob and Hannah together so I am dis"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"The Girl and the Claus","Author":"Dappled-San","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10943017","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi so I thought I'd start this out with a little explanation of what this is. these will consist of some oneshots and possible story in the future, yes it is a self-insert, sue me, but I didn't end up making an oc for this like I wanted. i did make a few to put into the story but that's really it. this is the only time I'll really write with ocs because i'm a Character x Reader author. My ocs are usually for drawings only. so the characters you'll see will defiantly be all canon characters. and a few new ones such as Tiffany, brown hair, blue eyes, you'll see her character in the story her adoptive parents heather and Martin. heather was a reindeer care taker elf while her husband was a gift wrapper. they will have more description when I draw them. those are the new characters so far. i'll hopefully post the first one shot towards the end of this month ^^;[Chapter 2] North Pole, 4:03 pm. It was quiet, the snow that was falling outside didn't make a peep or even a thud when it touched the ground. The sky above was clear as day, and the stars were just starting to twinkle above more so than any night before.. Tiny elderly feet marched on in the freshly fallen snow, disturbing it peaceful state and leaving behind knee high tracks as the hunched old gentleman went on. No no, it's not grand santa if you're curious.. This was someone else. A hermit that since he was a boy, set out to discover Santa Claus. People thought this guy was crazy, including his parents who were concerned when he told him he was going to live amongst ice to find a fairy tale man. He was convinced ever since he was little he was real, after seeing him from his room. Door cracked open as the big man himself entered to place a stuffed giraffe in his arms as he..'slept.' Apparently santa didn't always know when you were awake.. Today was different though, he wasn't particularly searching for santa's hidden entrance.. No. He was trying to find a place to drop off his little grand daughter. The little baby bundle was dropped off via friend of the family, for her mother had gotten into trouble. The mother hearing so much about her grandfather, decided he would be best to take care of her daughter while she went away.. The mother was told her grandfather went away and made something of himself, so she had no idea that Michael lived in the North Pole. Hidden within the ice in his little underground cubbyhole. Eventually, the baby's mother..passed on after some issues that remained unknown. Being the only family the child had left was her grandfather, and he had no idea what had happened. Her death was classified as natural.. Moving on, the older gentleman with baby wrapped up in a torn blanket and rested away in a small basket went on. Every few minutes he checked in on her.. He did love this little one, but his crippling old age kept him from keeping her together. Just last night she soiled herself and it took him a solid hour to find something to make a diaper. His aging hands were shaking which made it worse, and don't dare ask him what he had to use to wipe her.. \" Well..\" Michael chuckled, looking down at the baby as he checked her \" it wasn't exactly my favorite hanker chif, I have plenty more I swear!\" The baby yawned, and placed a thumb in her mouth. He grinned, \" yeah yeah I know I bore you. Hopefully I can find some Eskimos or something to take you in, so you won't be so bored anymore.\" He laughed again, shaking his head \" look at me, laughing with my few month old grand daughter. Like Tiffany understands you, you old coot!\" He placed the basket top back over her to keep her shielded from the cold and moved on. His feet began to chill from the icy surroundings as they walked, but at the moment he was more concerned about the small girl \" I can lose a few more toes..\" He grumbled as he held the basket up to his chest. Eyes peaking over to a snow mound.. Flags were located at the top of this small icy hill, and near its base..a door.. He couldn't believe his eyes..so he went down for a closer look. He went for the double opening and notice..big reindeer craved into the oak wood before him. He gasped, gently placing the baby at his feet to touch the art that were these massive doors.. His lip trembling at the sight before him \" could..could it be.. After all these years searching.. He placed his head up against the door and listened, and to his surprise he could hear the massive beasts within. He moved from the door and began to jump for joy, only to stop and straighten up his posture. He grabbed his chin and began to think about loud\" all this time I've been looking in the wrong places.. Tiffany! \" he took the baby from her basket and she was currently chewing on her name tag that was placed on her for her new family . The old man kissed the top of her cranium and hugged her \" you lucky charm you! I'm can believe you helped me find this place..\" Michael stopped hugging her, and held her in his arms as he tip toed back to the door. His free hand pressing up against the oak and pushing it in. And what he saw nearly gave him a heart attack.. 8 beautiful reindeer stood before them. All of which stopped what they were doing to look at the person who was intruding..it must've been the pasty white beard that threw them off, but they didn't do much of anything to him. One deer snorted as if annoyed that he entered so early on this Christmas Eve night. The others went back to what they were doing before he entered.. Michael just stood there in awe as the doors behind him swung closed, squeezing the baby to his chest \" Look at them Tiffany, just look at em. They're just as magical as I imagined.. \" he went over to one and touched him, the deer happily took the scratch behind the ear. The old gentleman giggled like a school girl who just found out the boy she likes likes her too at the happy reindeer. Only his happiness was cut short when two voices of smaller beens echoed into the stables. He swallowed, looking frantically for a place to hide. Only he stopped, thinking for a moment before grinning ear to ear. He then looked down at the baby in his arms \" well.. \" he began, kissing the baby on the head again \" I think I found your new home young in..take care of yourself and-\" the voices grew louder, He had to wrap it up as fast as he could \" ..and..and.. Always remember grandpa Mike loves you..!\" With that said he gently placed the baby in a bundle of hay that was out in the open nearest the door before he rushed away. Hiding in one of the stalls before he could break for the door. Two elves, a husband and wife entered, fighting over something christmas related obviously. \" But Martin, Last year we went to santa's get together for the elves remember? For our first Christmas as a married elves? My mother really wants us home this year.. \" the smaller elf, a reindeer helper muttered as she began to check the sleigh and hook up important components for the deer, \" Heather! \" the taller elf muttered, \" This get together is fun! Much more entertaining than your moth- \" he silenced himself as his wife stopped what she was doing to glare. \" Martin it's no, I told her yes already.\" \"You, did what?!\" The male elf hopped on-top the sleigh,\"and you didn't talk to me?!\" \"Martin you know that's how I-\" She was broken off by a wailing sound, a baby wailing sound. \"..what was that..?\" Her husband whimpered, sliding off the wooden carrier. His hands going up against his mouth as he bit his finger nails \" it sounded like an awful beast that has come for the flesh of us elves! \" Heather simply rolled her eyes and jumped off the slay to her husbands side \" oh quit your bickering! It sounded like a baby.\" \"B-Baby?! Down here? How in the world is that possible?\" While the two continued to bicker and move towards the hay covered infant, Grandpa Michael watched from the stall nearest the edit of the stables, in interest. He was in awe once more when he caught site of the elves as he peaked out \" They're smaller than I thought!\" He exclaimed softly, moving back into his hiding place tio jot down an imagine of them in his handy little journal. Meanwhile the female elf finally found the source of the noise, one of the reindeer too took notice and began to lick at the baby's face; Taking In her salty tears happily. Heather quickly went over to Dancer, and pushed his nose away \" bad deer, bad! Leave the wee one alone!\" Once the beast's snout was out of the way, The wife got a closer look at the baby girl, \" Martin!\" Her husband, still quite shaken up slowly joined her side..\" Look! It is a baby! And there's something on her chest.\" Heather took the tag off of the baby and looked at it in curiosity, reading its context out loud for her husband to hear \" Please take care of me.. My name is Tiffany..\" \"Tiffany? Ohh I love that name..\" Her husband gulped, \" reminds me of my cousin Tiffany, she isn't a pretty sight and she likes to tease me a lot..\" Heather didn't give a reply as she attempted to prop the baby up by herself \" Ohh look at her..she must be so hungry..\" That's when she turned to look at her husband, \" we need to tell the clauses, and fast. They need to know she's here..\" Her spouse gave her a salute and a nod, before racing upstairs and toward the clauses living quarters..[Chapter 3] living quarters, 4:30 pm. Christmas Eve. Mrs. Claus was busy finishing up one of her knittings, waiting quietly for her turkey to finishing cooking..when a two year old boy came rushing in, a toy robot wrapped in his hands. Mrs. Claus peaked up from her work and smiled, Steve went right for his mother \" Mum mummy! Look.. Look what I made! Isn't it neat? \" Steven's intelligence started young.. \" that's very nice dear. Looks like my first robot I put together when I was your age. Only mine was blue not red.\" Steve took the toy and settled down at his mothers side, grinning up at her as she praised him. Placing the toy down his happiness was short lived when Martin the Elf came rushing in, heaving over as he lost his breath. \"mummy, there's an elf here!\" Mrs. Claus's gaze lifted from her knitting and looked down at the young elf. Since her husband was busy with working, she decided to handle it herself. She placed her work down and stood, going toward the open door as the elf finally gained himself \" M-Mrs. claus! There..there's a..\" \" calm down Martin, now take in a deep breath and tell me what's wrong.\" At this point she had bend down and placed a hand on his shoulder. Martin gulped and gave her a nod, re collecting himself again \" There's a..b-baby.. In the-\" \" a baby? What? How could there be a baby here..?\" Steve had been listening in on what his mother was saying and cocked his head, and curious he walked over to Mrs claus side. Grabbing her leg, he looked at the elf as he continued \" She's in the stables..we need you to help..\" Mrs. Claus looked down at her son and picked him up into her arms, and rushed past the elf without a word. Rushing towards the stables.. Martin following suit. [ just a quick chapter! I don't want to leave anyone hanging for too long! Also, I just want to let everyone know that if you like one of my ideas, please don't use the same concepts. I really don't want others taking any credit for my ideas, I mean it's free for you to reference from. I just don't want people copying! ][Chapter 4] Reindeer stable, 5:00 - Christmas eve \" You want to..raise her..?\" Mrs Claus blinked as the young Elf muttered her request. Heathers hands held the baby's cranium as the child rested quietly in her hands. Mrs. Claus had entered moments before, and placed Steve down before moving over to the two. Heather was in longing for her own little elf, but this changed everything. She felt as if it was meant for her to find Tiffany here, like it was a sign that it was her responsibility to care for this little one.. \" Well..Mrs. Claus if it isn't too much trouble.. I do.\" Her husband rushed in. \"Heather! You do know this baby is about the size of you, right?\" The female elf blinked as her eyes went from the baby to Martin, and she lifted her finger to place on her lips in a shh. The baby had stirred, whimpering slightly before returning to her sleep. \" Martin you're being too loud..\" He hung his head in shame, \" I-I'm sorry dear..\" Heather sighed, her attention going back down to the baby as she rubbed her head to ease her. Mrs. Claus witnessed this, and couldn't help but smile.. She remembered that look that a mother gives her new born child.. It nearly brought her to tears. She reached up and rubbed her eyes, \" She looks funny.\" Steve had moved over to Tiffany, and looked down at her. One of his fingers gently pushed on her cheek, causing her to jump awake. The child began to cry, and Heather as best as she could, lifted the infant and began to cradle her..with the help of her husband. \" Steve!\" Steven's mother exclaimed softly, Steve lifted his head to look at her, \" What? All I did was touch her..not my fault she's a baby. \" Steve crossed his arms, and soon went back to the baby once she was quiet. Watching her, eye brow cocked as she cooed and moved \" Why are babies so weird..\" He whispered to himself.. His mother continued to watch, exhaling.. \"Heather..\" The female elf looked up \" You do know a baby is a big responsibility, right?\" She nodded,\" I know..I think Martin and I can handle it..\" Mrs. Claus looked over at Martin, \" and Martin?\" Martin was wrapped up in looking at the baby and smiling\" Hm? Oh? I guess we could..try taking care of her..\" \" Well then, that settles it. I will tell Mr. claus of this baby when he returns home. Perhaps this young one will give Steve some company? By the way, What is her name..? Or have the two of you not decided?\" Mrs. Claus was watching Steven as she spoke, as he began to touch the baby's face again. Only this time Tiffany grabbed his finger, and Steve began to whine. His whining caused the baby to whine, and Heather just laughed. Over the noise she replied with \" She was already named when we found her! Her name is Tiffany!\" Tiffany finally let go of the younger Claus, causing him to stumble back wards, landing on his rear in a thud. He groaned, standing again and rubbing his back end in pain \" she's so mean!\" The baby giggled a bit. \" Now now Steve, You're going to get along with your new friend.. \" Steve shook his head. Elf barracks- 7:30 pm, christmas eve Eventually time drew closer to the time when santa was to get on his way, so Mrs. Claus helped finish up the elves preparations before helping the same Elves home with the new born. Luckily their little home was just big enough for the child \" you might have to expand your home to her growth when the time comes..\" Mrs. Claus stated softly \" but for now she'll do just fine.\" Steve stuck his tongue out at her, and she reached to grab it, causing him to clutch his mother's arms harder. Mrs. claus chuckled, continuing to speak \" And I'll be more then happy to school her when she's ready. She's going to have to learn our customs after all.\" Heather smiled at the human and gave her thanks They soon gave their good byes and scurried inside.. They just didn't realize that this was the start of something new.. And something a bit challenging.. a nother Quick chapter! after this it's gonna jump around to their childhood , teen years and adult years. i have a few good ideas for why Steve wanted everything to change from the old ways. It's just not about upgrading, let's just say Tiff gets him into some trouble! You'll see when it comes! i hope you guys are enjoying this~ ill be posting my x Readers soon~[Chapter 5] UPDATE: hey everyone! Dappled here! Just wanted to let you know I AM Stil writing the story and I have started writing the next chapter. im trying to get as much into this one as possible because it's gonna kinda kick start the next chapter like I plan hopefully. just wanted to let you guys know! See you in a week or two![Chapter 6] 17 years later, North pole Elf barracks, 8:30 Am, Tiffany's Room. The light trickled down from the window to the right of the large bed in which the young woman slept. Hands dangling off the sides as she slept softly, her brown hair knotted from the tossing and turning she had done while sleeping. Her mouth wide open as she snored..quietly her mother entered the room, closing the door softly behind her as she walked to the large bed side. Her tiny hands pressing up against the humans shoulder blade in a nudge \" Tiffany dear you have to get up.~\" Tiffany stirred, grumbling something before turning over. Her mother signed, climbing onto the bed and tried to tug on the blanket \" You have to get up, Steve is going to have your head if you don-\" was all that she could say before the teen of 17 could jump out of bed this early on a Saturday. \" well that got you movin', didn't it?\" She said nothing and began to rush around the room, collecting her whereabouts. She quickly threw on her uniform, threw up her brown hair in a tie and rushed to her bathroom to brush her teeth. With foam dripping from her mouth she went to her desk nearest her bed and looked through the pile of paper work. \" ugh! Darnit!\" She grabbed the blue paper work from the table top, her mother trotting over with interest. \" what is it dear?\" She asked. Tiffany didn't give a quick response as she hurried to place the blue prints in a folder, \" oh um, nothing too important..\" Heather snorted, chuckling a bit as she started straightening her daughters bed \" let me guess. You for got to do something truly important again.. Didn't you?\" At this point the tall teen bent down to stare at her mother with a small, unsure smile. She whispered, \" you know me so well mother, but please keep it a secret..? You know how dad gets when he finds out I messed up..\" \" messed up what dear?\" As she spoke the male elf entered, beaming with some laundry he had started collecting to put into the washing machine near by. She bit her lip and shook her head as she stumbled off \" nothing! See you guys later!\" She called as she darted out of the room. Papers in hand.. ( QUICK CHAPTER! I have other parts to it but I'm still figuring out what to add to it! Sorry it took so long but im set on finishing school, once thats done I'll be writing again!)[Chapter 7] I've waited for this time of year because I get into the Christmas mood and watch Arthur's Christmas a crap ton happily until Christmas is over with. I'm writing the chapter as we speak and should be up in a week! Thank you for following my little story ~[Chapter 8] Does it bother you that people in this world are going to picture you as a big, bouncing, jolly old man?\" I asked as I pulled out my files, mostly old blue prints for the s1.. Ones that wouldn't do too hot if they were actually built.. \" Tiffany.\" The tall brown haired man grumbled, \" Let me remind you, I'm going to try and change the face of Christmas..for the better.\" Steve had this big vision that he was going to change every aspect of the way of Christmas. He looked away from what he was doing to gaze over at me, \" starting..\" He walked over to me, grasping a drawing of a sled and reindeer..I was going to use it for a Christmas card this year.. \" with getting rid of this..relic.\" Wait what? He was going to get rid of the reindeer and such?! I grabbed the paper out of his hand, dropping the blue prints on the ground\" Steve! You..you can't be serious..\" I was hurt, my mother worked with the sled team all her life..and the reindeer were such great creatures..not to mention fun to ride..\"I won't let you get rid of them Steve..\" When I dropped the paper work he grumbled in anger and drove for them, going on about how these were important and expensive and blah blah blah. \"Steve are you even listening to me?!\" I stepped over him and he finally looked up, his blue eyes hard \" No I wasn't, because your opinion means nothing to me, nor does it affect my plans. Father already gave me the clear to begin building..\" He exhaled, as if he saw something dreamy or something,\" ..my, erh I mean..Santas S1..\" That's all I thought about when I went flying down the hall way, how he was still insisting to change the old ways of Christmas.. I had a sour look on my face as I went down towards the hanger which was littered with equipment for the building of the S1.. Only I hit something hard. The strong built of a young man, who's hair was growing white, literally. \"Ah Tiffany\" Steve muttered..grasping my arm and keeping me from sliding everywhere as I almost tumbled from bumping into his bigger frame. Great, just what I needed..I was hoping he'd be so busy I could just drop off the prints to Peter..I didn't really like him when he was working..yet..as I stood here with him..there was a big grin on his face..and my spirits kinda lifted..causing me to smile to \" wow Mr. Claus you're happy today..Nice change..\" \" Tiffany, usually I'd be mad that you're late yet again, but guess what?\" finally, a happy cheery Steve..I wonder what it is? ( I've been working on so many chapters at once, this is the shortest one I have..the new one will be kinda in a big time skip..so this is a chiff hanger as my story starts to hop around..you'll know which ones will be in past tense and which is in future tense! So good to be writing.)[Chapter 9] I pulled him Of course he didn't want to come down here..it had been about a year since he was told he was going to be helping reform Christmas..and there was a bustle of elves constantly going down to the stables. No one really told me why, but I had almost forgotten that Christmas was a month away..silly me, I've been so wrapped up thinking of what Steven said about changing Christmas..that I was more focused on making sure he did whip out some random plan that would change the face of Christmas just like that.. Of course, part of me being greedy kinda didn't like this constant attention being drawn to my little slice of heaven that I could escape to when ever I had the chance. Yet, I accepted it...I kept my eyes open when it came to this place. Even if Steve hadn't touched anything quite yet, so I thought..maybe just maybe he'd change his mind if I showed him the reindeer and let him get up close and personal with them. Surprisingly he didn't protest, because it had been months of asking him to come down here. He was just so busy, so when he had the time he promised he'd come down here. Even if it wasn't for too long...eventually we made it to the stables. There was a handful of elves working on the sled, eve, to make sure it was in tune. Some of the elves were crafting new reins and replacing old bells that might've been beaten up from a rough landing or just age. No one seemed to notice us, too busy with what they were doing to notice..they were probably used to seeing me slip by to sit with the reindeer..until the strong scent of manure over took me and I have to go get some air. Okay so I love the deer, but have you smelt their droppings? Gives me a head ache..\"Tiffany, Do we really have to be down here? I know I promised you, but it's so..dirty and ugh.\" He groaned, his other hand reaching up to grab his nose. Must be the smell..told you! \"Steve it's just for an hour I promise..I just want you too meet these guys.\" \" I have met these..deer.\" He grumbled as I let go of his arm. We have reached the small herd of deer, all of which perked up and went to give us a sniff. I happily rubbed the animals behind the ears, and turned to see what Steve was up to..only to watch one of the beast press into his stomach and cause him to tumble over. I bit my lip as I tried my best to hold back my laughter, the deer was sniffing him over. Steve was yelling for help, so I eventually went to his aid. He looked at me as he dusted himself off and straightened his posture, \" That's it, I've had it. I'm going back up stairs, now.\" He swiftly turned to leave but I grabbed him by the shoulder \"Come on he was just saying hello... Come here..\" Without any protest, thank goodness, I took his hand again and lead him to one of the deer Blitz. No not Blitzen..just Blitz, there's no way the original would still be around. Anyway, I led him to this deer because he was pretty gentle..when we got to his side I gingerly took his hand and tried to place it on the deers neck..Steve flinched \" Shh it's okay..I got you you big baby..\" \"I am not a big baby!\" He whispered flustered, I just snorted and placed his hand finally down on the big animal. I could feel the tension in his arm as I let go of him. He was..into it. His blue eyes softened and he pet the darn thing.. \" wow they're..not as bad as I thought.. \"Of course they aren't\" I muttered as I walked around the deer and rubbed behind the ear. That's when I got an idea..if I showed him how these bad boys flew, maybe he'd not get rid of them.. I turned, leaving him be and soon returned with an old mat and belt that was laying around the the piles of junk left around..surprisingly the stables had fallen quiet..allowing me to take what I needed..I quickly went over to them again and threw the mat over the deer. Startling Steven, and causing him to give me a questioning look \" What in the world are you doing..?\" \" We're going for a ride.\" \"Wait what?\" Before he could say more I hopped on the big mammal and looked at Steve. \"Come on..Lets go.\" \"no, no, no. This is wrong, I don't-\" I said nothing and just held out my hand..cutting him short and smiling. He huffed, closing his eyes tightly..holding his breath, he grabbed my hand... And I pulled him up. The large animal shifted his body as more weight landed on its back side; feet stumbling to get its stance again. I felt Steve's hands wrap around my waist tightly as if he was holding on for his life. We weren't even off the ground yet, it made me giggle a bit. I eventually grabbed the reins and with a swift kick to its sides and a cry \" On Blitzen, Let's go!\" He raced on, leaving the stable and rushing through the doors at its end..Steve's grip grew tighter as we finally lifted off the ground..and we we off.. ( This is kinda why Steve starts to dislike Eve even more in a sense..you'll see why ;D) ","Summary":" Hi so I thought I'd start this out with a little explanation of what this is. these will consist of"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Love is a Leap","Author":"Lady Jane T","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1250625","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Charlotte sat on the park bench gazing up at the towering bridge.n All the stories she had been hearing over the last few weeks. Hernbrother, Philip and cousin Stuart hadn't been able to talk about anythingnelse on the voyage across the Atlantic from Liverpool. And her uncle hadnonly made it worse. Carrying on about following Stuart's namesake up thenbridge in the storm, thinking he was saving him from commitimg a terriblenact such as suicide, when a rope snapped and he fell into the portal andnended up in 20th century New York, where in turn he met Kate. It seemedncompletely ludicrous to her. But there was something about the bridge.nShe felt drawn to it for some reason, and couldn't take her eyes off it. At 15, Charlotte was a striking beauty with silky golden hair,nshe was wise for her years and had grown up fast losing her father, andnlooking after her sickly mother for the last few years. She was headstrongnand stubborn, and was told more like her Uncle than either one of hernparents. Oh, she hated to hear that. Uncle Leopold...he had been hernlegal guardian for the last 6 years, taking on her and her brother evennthough her father had tried to kill him. She loved him. He had been goodnto her and treated her like she was his own, but she felt she was no longerna child and found his continuing coddling her like a child irratting andnhighly unnecessary. She had wanted to stay behind in England where everything shenknew and loved was. Her mother, Balinor, her horse and of coursenGareth...her true love. But no, it was not to be. She was in New York, anwhole ocean separated her from the only boy she had ever loved. And thisnwas Uncle Leopold's fault. New York in the summer was hot and humid, and it was full ofnpeople. Strange people. Americans. Of course, aunt Kate was American,nbut she was wonderful. No, these Americans were different. And because hernaunt and Uncle were so busy preparing for some presentation or something,nCharlotte was given the task to look after the boys. Philip, her youngernbrother who was 6 and Stuart, her cousin who was 5. They would run up and down the stairway at Uncle Millard'sntownhouse. They weren't used to the confines of a house. At Balinor, theynhad acres of land for them to play freely. But in the city it wasndifferent. Charlotte would try to entertain them but there was only so muchnshe could do and then her Aunt's head would peek around the door of thenstudy, \"Charlotte, please keep the boys quiet. Your uncle is trying tonrehearse his speech. I suggest the park. \" And so Charlotte had found herself here at the park situatednunder the Brooklyn Bridge. Being a young woman, it wasn't appropriate fornher to be out on her own, so Otis had accompanied them. The boys playednhappily. Charlotte opened her pocket book and pulled out the worn letter,nthat hadn't left her side since she left Balinor. She unfolded it andnsighed as she read it again. Gareth's words of love. Otis was reading the paper, but kept an eye on the boys who werenrunning back and forth, kicking a ball. Something Leopold had not beennallowed to do as a boy, in public. But these boys had been raisedndifferently. Leopold allowed them to play, to be boys.n Philip ran over to the bench, \"Otis, Charlotte...look, it's ournship. It must be going back to England.\" He pointed out to the East Rivernat the massive vessel slowly making it's way out of New York. Charlotte looked up and longed to be on the ship, \"I wish I wasnon it, instead of being here with you.\" \"Miss Charlotte.\" Otis gave her a look. \"Well, I do. I will never forgive my uncle for dragging me herenagainst my will.\" Philip already bored with the adult conversation turnednback to the game with Stuart, but as his eyes scanned the area, Stuart wasnnowhere to be found. \"Where's Stuart?\" Charlotte had gone back to her letter, andnlooked up casually. Otis much more attentive stood up and had a looknaround the park Stuart was nowhere to be seen. His first thought wasnkidnapping. He was Leopold's heir. There had been cases in the past,nwhere huge sums of money had been exchanged for children of royal familiesnor families of wealth. Stuart's sudden disappearance did not suit wellnwith him and all, and a look of extreme worry crossed his face, as hencontinued to scan the park for the lad. \"He was just here,Otis. You saw him didn't you?\" \"Miss Charlotte, you take the north end of the park, take Philipnwith you. I will scour the southend, and find a policeman.\" \"He's just hiding. I'm sure of it.\" Charlotte couldn't believenanything had happened to him and just thought Otis was overreacting. Asnadults tending to do. \"I don't want to take any chances, Miss.\" He didn't want tonalarm the child and turned to her smiling, trying to sound reassuring. \"nI'm sure you are right.\" Charlotte headed towards the foot of the bridge, now toweringnstraight above her calling out his name. It was late in the afternoon, andnthe park was fairly deserted, people had gone home for their dinner.nPhilip looking in all the nooks and crannys where he could hide. Then itnhit her. The stories, Uncle Leopold's ridiculous stories. Stuart wantingnto go see his uncle Charlie. She looked up, and saw the small figurenclimbing up the scaffolding. She screamed. \"Oh, my god, Stuart.\" She covered her mouth and Philip followednher gaze. \"That's Stuart. You were supposed to watch us, Charlotte. UnclenLeopold is going to be awfully mad.\" \"Philip, be quiet.\" Charlotte tried to think. \"You have to gonget Otis. No, wait....yes, get Otis and go fetch Uncle Leopold. I willnclimb up and get Stuart.\" \"But you're a girl.\" She quickly tucked her dress up into her undergarments. Shencouldn't let anything happen to Stuart. Philip looked up at her innamazement. \"You're showing your underpants...that is so bad.\" \"Philip, go now. Do you hear me? We have no time to waste.\" Philip looked up at Stuart still climbing and then turned and rannas fast as he could to find Otis. * * * *n * * Leopold paced the floor of the study, trying to recite a speechnthat Kate had written for him. He couldn't concentrate. He missed thennoise of the children. Kate had sent them out. And that is where henwanted to be... out. The children were a major part of his life and henpreferred their company over the stuff shirts he was encouraged to conductnidle chit chat with, because of his position as Duke of Albany as well asnbeing an inventor. They had only been in New York for 5 days, and already his socialncalender had been full due to Kate's incredibly Public relationship skills.n All well and fine, but he had wanted to take the children to Central Park,nto the museums...and of course to see the Bridge. He could just make outnthe top of it from his bedroom window and had seen it as they had arrivednin New York harbor. But he had yet to lay eyes on it up close. And he wasnlonging to once again. Kate looked up from her daily planner, and saw him in andaze...seeing the need to feed him the next line..\"I am grateful....\" Leopold continued. \"I am grateful for this honor....\" henstopped. Kate gave him a look, \"Leopold, this isn't that difficult.\" \"I think being grateful for this honor is all that is needed tonbe said. For it is the truth.\" He shook the paper in his hand, \"These arenwords. They are not my words, Kate. They are your words and I do not feelnthem, therefore I should not speak them.\" \"Then write your own god damn speech, Leopold. But you have tonsay something besides that you are grateful.\" Emily had been playing on the floor with a wooden horse onnwheels, pushing it between Leopold's legs, he smiled. She babbled, \"Horseynunder bridge, Papa.\"She gazed up at him and he couldn't resist. Squattingndown next to her making neighing sounds, which made Emily smile and giggle.nIgnoring Kate. She threw her hands up, \"I give up. You are still a stubbornnDuke, who does whatever he wants.\" But she wasn't mad, she smiled as henjoined him on the floor. Placing her hands over his. \"I love you, LeopoldnMountbatten, and for some reason I'm sure the city of New York will lovenyou too tomorrow, speech or no speech.\" He leaned over and gently kissed her, \"You're coming around to mynway of thinking. I will not embarrass you or the Mountbatten name at thisngod forsaken luncheon tomorrow, I promise you.\" Uncle Millard walked into the study and heard Leopold's lastnwords, \"You have never been at a loss for words, my boy, in the past, I'mnsure tomorrow will be no exception. Of course often those words are notnthe most appropriate but that has never phased you in the slightest.\" Leopold smiled, \"Why Uncle, as always it's a pleasure to havenyour input on these matters.\" All of a sudden the door swung open andnPhilip ran into the room out of breath Otis behind him. Leopold looked at the grief stricken face of his nephew, he wasnin tears, \"Uncle Leopold,\" he ran to his arms and Leopold held himntightly. He looked past him at Otis, \"Your grace, it's Stuart. And MissnCharlotte, You must come quick.\" Leopold couldn't imagine what had happened but he immediately gotnup, Philip looked up at him, \"He's climbed up the bridge, Uncle Leopold. Inthink he's going to jump.\" Kate immediately stood up, covering her mouth, \"Oh, my god,nLeopold. This can't be happening.\" Leopold turned to Kate placing a comforting hand on her arm, \"I'mnsure he will be fine. You stay here with Emily. Stuart and I will be backnbefore you know it.\" He turned back to Philip, \"You look after your auntnand cousin.\" \"I want to go Uncle Leopold, I want to jump off the bridge too.\" \"No one is jumping off any bridge, Philip.\" He wasn't too surenabout that, as he ran out the door, and mounted the horse that was waitingnfor him. He raced off down the street towards the bridge hoping he was notnto late. The clouds had been rolling in and everything seemed to bengetting dark. But Stuart was not afraid. All he had thought about was thenbridge for the last few weeks, and now here he was climbing to the verynpoint his father had fallen from all those years ago. He didn't once lookndown, so he didn't see Charlotte frantically trying to catch up. Something had come over Charlotte as she climbed the scaffolding.n Her fear of heights had vanished momentarily, but when she glanced down atnthe rough water below and the park she had just been quietly sitting in,nshe felt a bit woosey and continued to climb after her cousin. She wasngaining on him. She had been riding horses since she was a toddler, andnthen had two little boys to contend with the past 6 years and today itnseemed to come in handy. She wasn't a dainty little thing like her mother,nshe was strong and able to climb with little effort. As she reached thenplank Stuart stood on, she noticed he was just gazing at the water belownand taking in the view of New York from this height. She didn't want to startle him but she was cross, \"Stuart, whatnwere you thinking climbing up here?\" \"I wanted to see what it was like. What it was like for Papanwhen he followed Stuart up here on that stormy night.\" \"You weren't going to jump were you?\" He turned and laughed, \"No.\" \"Well, that's a relief. Now come on, we must get down. Philipnwent to fetch Uncle Leopold and he will not be pleased with either one ofnus In fact, you could get a thrashing.\" \"You are lying, Charlotte. He's never thrashed anyone.\" \"Well, today could be the day, Stuart.\" She reached for hisnhand, \"Come on, take my hand, come away from the edge, I will help youndown.\" \"I don't need your help. I got up here all by myself. I can getndown by myself as well.\" \"Fine. As Leopold rode through the streets towards the park, the cloudsnopened up and a downpour seemed to appear from nowhere, he rode on ignoringnthe rain in his face, making his vision limited. But he knew this streetnlike the back of his hand. And nothing could keep him from his son. Hencouldn't help but think this was his fault. Telling him about that night,nwas a mistake. Stuart was 5 years old. He didn't know the differencenbetween fairy tales and reality. Everything seemed so magical to him. Andnthese stories could only confuse him more. What was he thinking? He pulled the horse up to the base of the bridge. Looking upninto the blackening sky, he couldn't make out any figures. But there wasnno hesitation.He dismounted and began the long climb, a climb familiar tonhim. How ironic the night was turning out much like the night he hadnfallen through the portal a little more than 6 years ago. The onlyndifference was the person he was following was his 5 year old son and hisn15 year old niece. This shouldn't be happening. As he got closer to the top he spotted the lace of Charlotte'snpetticoats, \"Charlotte, Stuart....\"he called out. The wind began to picknup and Charlotte thought she heard something. She leaned towards thenladder that had brought her, and was relieved to see a hand reaching upnover the edge. \"Uncle Leopold, I wasn't looking just for a minute...Stuart wasnso curious.\" Charlotte desperately trying to explain the situation to him,nbut because of the wind, he couldn't make out a word she was saying. Stuart quickly turned, with the ruckus going on around him, andnas he did, lost his balance, the laces of his shoes catching onto thenwooden plank. He slipped, just as Leopold pulled himself up. Charlottenimmediately reached for Stuart, throwing herself down onto the plank,ngrasping his hand. The rain pelting down into his face, Leopold moved slowly towardsnthem, but Charlotte was panicking, and it happened so fast....the windnpicked up. The plank was loose, Leopold felt it move as he put his weightnonto it. The 3 of them were too much for the platform. Stuart triednreaching up to pull himself up but in the process, managed to pull hisncousin closer to the edge. The plank now tipping even more. Leopold knewnthe only way to save them from the fall was to get himself and Charlottenoff the plank. \"Charlotte, you must let go of Stuart. Your weight is causingnthe plank to tip and it will snap.\" Charlotte looked back at himnapprehensively, \"He'll fall if I let go.\" \"No, he won't fall, he's light enough to pull himself up onto thenplank. You must let go and slowly back away from the edge.\" But Charlotte, was too frightened now, the plank tipping a littlenbit more with every minute that passed. As his body dropped closer to the waters below, Stuart's mindnbegan to race with drawings of portals and the bridge he had seen of hisnfather's. He looked below, and smiled. He wasn't afraid. With a tug henpulled on Charlotte's arm, the plank snapped, Charlotte screamed. Itnhappened so fast Leopold had no time, He watched his son fall, Charlottenstill grasping on to his hand tumbled after him. Leopold had no othernchoice, he jumped from the structure, muttering \"Forgive me, Kate.\".[Chapter 2] The minute Leopold left the house, Emily ran to the door andnthrew herself against it crying, \"Papa, papa.\" Emily's attachment to himnwas stronger than ever. She had rarely been separated from him, and Stuartnwas the only one who could get her to stop crying if he wasn't there. Kate went to her trying to pick her up but she fought her,n\"Emily, Papa is coming back soon. Hush now. \" But for some reason Katendidn't believe it. She felt something. Emily shook her head, \"No, no....want Papa now!\" Philip pickednup the wooden horse and brought it to her and she pushed it away, \"Papa'snhorse...want Papa!\" The study door opened and Margaret came in, \"What is going on innhere? I heard the ruckus all the way up in my room.\" She looked at Otisnand Millard standing in the corner. The look of concern on their facesnevident and then at Kate frantically trying to calm her daughter. Thenabsence of Leopold confirmed by the disposition of young Emily. Everyonenin the household knew, Emily's sweet temperament dissappeared the minute henwould leave her. \"Where's Leopold?\" She stooped down and picked up Emily, who was still wailing,ntrying to sooth her. \"There there, darling.\" Margaret never had anynchildren but had a natural mothering quality to her, and although Emilyndidn't stop crying, she rested her head on her great aunts shoulder and putnher thumb in her mouth. Kate was relieved that the wailing was now reduced to quiet sobs,nand gave Margaret a smile, \"Thank-you.\" Margaret was waiting for an answernand didn't receive one. She looked at the two men, as Kate turned away andnwalked towards the window, looking out into the wet and windy night. Shenwas silent for a few moments, thinking of Leopold and the children on thenbridge, her hand went to her mouth and she began to bite her fingernailsnsomething she hadn't done since she left the 21st century. When she turned around she noticed all eyes on her, \"Margaret,nwould you mind getting Sophie to take the children up to the nursery.\" Philip crossed his arms, \"I want to wait here til Uncle Leopoldnbrings Stuart and Charlotte back. I don't want to be treated like a baby,nAunt Kate.\" \"No one thinks you're a baby, Philip. But Uncle Leopold left thenresponsibility of Emily in your hands til he returns. And that's annincredibly important job.\" \"It's a job for a girl!\" Otis gave the young lad a pat on the back, \"Come along, youngnman. I might be persuaded in reading a bit of that fairy tale your Unclenstarted last evening.\" \"But then Stuart will miss some it, that wouldn't be fair.\" Sophie had entered the room and Margaret placed the nearly asleepnEmily into her arms. Philip gave his aunt a questioning look, \"They'rencoming back aren't' they, Aunt Kate?\" he was looking very serious. \"Of course they are.\" \"but all the stories....Uncle Leopold says that the portal cannclose...what if they can't get back?\" Otis couldn't help but notice Katenholding back, biting her lip clenching her eyes shut. A possible tear?nThe events of 6 years ago, and Kate and Leopold's meeting were neverndiscussed with the servants. But Otis knew more about Leopold than anyone.n And the stories he told the children, were not stories, but events thatnhad taken place. And although hard to fathom, nonetheless, they happened. Kate looked up and their eyes met. Nothing needed to be said,nshe knew Otis understood her concern, he gave her a reassuring smile,n\"Leopold has never let this family down. You must have faith in him, yourngrace.\" Kate knew he was right. He then escorted the child out of the room,n Philip reluctant but obeyed. As soon as they left Millard questioned Kate, \"Pray tell, what isnthis all about Kate. Bridges, portals....never coming back? This soundsnlike Leopold's tall tales for the children.\" \"I wish that was all they were, Millard. I'm worried.\" Shenturned back to the window, looking out hoping to see the mare carryingnLeopold pull up in front of the house .Stuart nestled in front of him. Fornthe past 6 years, life with Leopold had been a challenge, an adventure.nThere had been hurdles to go over, they didn't always agree, but Kate couldnnever imagine life without him now. Margaret moved towards her and placed a comforting hand on hernshoulder, \"Kate, I can't bear to see you like this. You must calmnyourself.\" Kate turned abruptly, \"I'm going to find him.\" She headed fornthe door and Millard stopped her. \"You'll do no such thing. I refuse to believe Leopold isn'tnreturning, and you will stay here with your daughter and wait for hisnreturn, like other women would do.\" \"I'm not other women, Millard and you know it. I can't sit here,nidle, just waiting.\" \"If you haven't noticed the storm is becoming worse, and I don'tnthink it's a wise idea for you to venture out in it.\" Margaret once againngave her husband one of her scornful looks, he still sprouted his mouth offnwithout thinking at times. \"Millard, be of some use and have one of thenservants fetch the authorities, I am sure that might reassure Kate.\" \"I don't think anything can reassure me, and really, Margaret,nthe authorities won't be much help in this case.\" \"Well, I always find tea comforting. We can hold off dinner tilnLeopold and the children return. I will have Cook bring us some tea.\" Shentook Millard's arm, he seemed reluctant to leave her. \"I have never seen her in such a state, this is so unlike her.\"nMillard whispered to his wife, the sound of concern in his voice as shenescorted him from the room.\"I really do believe I must fetch thenauthorities, Margaret.\" Margaret closed the door behind her, and turned to hernhusband.\"We will respect her wishes at this time, dear husband. He hasnonly been gone for a short while. You know Leopold, he has probably gottenninvolved in some game with the children or in showing them one of his manynfinds throughout the city. He will return shortly, I am certain.\" Butneven Margaret wasn't certain. Kate struggled through the next few hours. She endured smallntalk with Millard and Margaret through tea, but found herself drawn to thenwindow time and time again throughout the evening. Finally, she excusednherself to her room. Millard stood up, \"Kate, I must insist I contact thenauthorities at this time.\" Kate was adamant, \"No.\" How could she ever explain the portalnand the bridge to anyone here. \"I must go check on the children. You gonon and have dinner. Everything is going to be fine.\" In the past hour ornso, Kate knew what she had to do. She went up to the nursery. Sophie had bathed Philip and he hadnhis dinner upstairs. When she walked in he was saying his prayers, andnKate overheard his last request, \"And please God, look over my sister, whonI loathe most of the time, but really she isn't all that bad. I want hernto come back safe. And Stuart...he is smarter than me, and tougher andnbraver...and I wish I was more like him. I really miss him, God.\" Theirnwas a slight tremble in his voice and then he continued, \"And most of allnUncle Leopold. He needs to come back for Emily and Aunt Kate. They lovenhim so much and are so unhappy he is not here. I guess I am too. He isnthe only father I've ever known, and I can't imagine a life without him innit. Please look after all of them and bring them home soon. Amen.\" Kate moved over to the bed, she glanced over to Emily's crib, andnEmily was asleep in her clothes. Once asleep no one dare wake her bynremoving her clothes, or there would have been another outburst. But atnleast she was asleep. She sat on the edge of the bed as Philip climbedninto it. \"I don't want to go to bed, Aunt Kate. I don't think I will benable to sleep.\" \"Well, I might need your help.\" His eyes brightened. \"Really?\" \"You are the man of the house right now. Leopold has left you inncharge.\" \"Uncle Millard is the man of the house.\" he said a littlenaggravated. \"I'm just a boy.\" \"But Leopold asked you to look after me and Emily.\" \"Oh, that...you don't need looking after, Aunt Kate.\" \"But I will need looking after. I need you to show me wherenStuart climbed up the bridge, and I need your help with Emily, if we arengoing to find Uncle Leopold, and your sister and Stuart.\" \"We're going to jump off the bridge?\" all of a sudden he seemedna little frightened and his voice raised. Kate put her finger to her lips, \"Schhh...I don't want to wakenEmily just yet. And I really don't want any of the servants to know.\" \"But maybe it's not safe...maybe they're dead.\" he felt ashamednfor saying it. \"I don't think you think that.\" Philip looked up at her sheepishly, \"It's a long jump.\" \"Do you believe, Uncle Leopold's stories?\" He nodded. \"Do you want Stuart to have an adventure without you?\" He shook his head no. \"Then this is something we must do. Now go get dressed, quietly.n I have a few things I need to get for our trip. And then we'll wakenEmily.\" \"She will scream, Aunt Kate. .\" \"Not when she knows she's going to see Leopold.\" Philip smiled,nhis aunt was right. He got out of bed and began to dress. Kate went to her room, and found her wallet. It was somethingnshe kept close to her at all times. Strange as it may seem, but it was thenonly thing she had of her previous life. She opened it and looked at thenphotograph of Charlie...her brother. Oh, how she missed him. The thoughtnof seeing him again was overwhelming. What would he being doing now. Whatntime would they arrive in? Kate didn't have any answers but she knew shenhad to go. And leaving the children behind didn't seem right. Emilynneeded Leopold and Philip, well, he had it the worst of all of thenchildren. He struggled to keep up with Stuart, wanting to be as smart, asnfast, as brave, as tall, as his cousin. And he looked up to Leopold likenhe was some kind of a God. Phillip couldn't be left behind. It wouldnbreak his heart. He was so like his mother, frail and sensitive. And thenlook on his face of fear at the thought of jumping from the bridge. He wasnscared but at the same time, excited. And proud that Kate needed him. She looked through the wallet and good old 21st century currencynwas still inside. That would be of some help once they got there. Shenlooked down at her clothes. Wishing she had something more appropriate tonwear, and then remembered her riding habit. That seemed much more sensiblenthen this awkward bulky dress. After changing, she slipped the wallet intonher jacket pocket and crept back into the nursery, making sure no one sawnher. Philip was dressed and ready. He stood up straight and tall,n\"I'm all ready, Aunt Kate and I am going to be brave. Just like Stuart andnUncle Leopold.\" \"I know you will be brave, Philip, and your uncle would be sonproud of you doing this for me and Emily.\" she smiled at him and a broadnsmile appeared on his face. She went over to the crib and as gently as shencould picked up her sleeping daughter who started to squirm and thennwhimper. Emily rubbed her eyes and saw her mother's face and the began tonsob into her shoulder, \"Papa...where's papa?\" \"Scchhhh...Emily...we're going to see Papa. \" Emly's eyes litnup, and the sobbing stopped abruptly, \"But you must be ever so quiet. Likenthe games you play with Papa when he's working.\" . She loved that game. \"I'm a mouse, papa says.\" she then coverednher mouth with her tiny hand. \"That's right. You're a mouse, the baby mouse and I'm the mommynmouse, and Philip....\" \"I'm the big boy mouse, who's brave.\" Emily giggled and Kate smiled. \"That's right, and we're going onnan adventure to find Papa mouse and brother mouse.\" \"And horrible nasty big sister mouse.\" Philip added. Kate took a big sigh. Was she doing the right thing. Involvingnthe children like this? What if something happened to all of them? Shentried to put the thought out of her mind, as they quietly crept down thenstairs towards the front door. She heard clatter in the dining room,nmeaning Millard and Margaret had taken her advise and had gotten on withndinner. As she quietly opened the front door, the rain had let up slightly.nAnd that meant the walk to the park wouldn't be so unbearable. She didn'tnwant to risk taking a horse or buggy. It would only cause a lot of racketnand someone would hear. As they headed down the street, Philip happily skipped ahead ofnthem, \"I'm making sure everything is safe, Aunt Kate. I am going to looknafter you and Emily, just like Uncle Leopold said.\" Emily was now fullynawake, she clutched onto Kate with a tight grip, and kept her hand over hernmouth. She wasn't the lightest, but Kate had determination and the quickernthey got to the bridge the better. Emily on foot would only hold them up.nThe streets empty because of the storm, the wet slick cobblestone roadsnglistened. The wind howled through the buildings and trees. Kate's apprehensions were shadowed by the excitement she wasnfeeling. Nothing would keep her from the rest of her family. And thenfamily she had left behind. A tear came to her eye. She was going to seenCharlie again. Never did she ever believe this could be possible. Shenquickened her stride to catch up to Philip, the bridge towering above innthe distance.[Chapter 3] Leopold picked himself up off the asphalt, it was funny how therenwas no recollection of what transpired between the jump off the bridge andnending up here, a stone's throw away from the bridge. A few feet awaynCharlotte was crumpled up in ball, her face in her hands and he could hearnher faint sobs. He was not surprised. She probably thought she would dienas Stuart had pulled her off the bridge. Standing a fair distance away hensaw his son, gazing up at the New York skyline. Nothing fazed Stuart. He walked over to Charlotte, gently taping her on the shoulder,n\"Charlotte, every thing is fine. We are all safe, take your head out ofnyour hands and pull yourself together.\" \"I knew it! I am dead and I am in hell with Uncle Leopold stillntelling me what to do. I never meant to be bad, please, God,you have madena terrible mistake I don't belong here.\" She was becoming hysterical.nSomething Leopold could not tolerate in women, especially in his teenagenniece. \"You are far from being dead, young lady. We are in New York.\"nHe looked around at the all to familiar skyline he had witnessed before,nand it still left him speechless to think this is what the future held.n\"Guaranteed it isn't the New York you are accustomed to, but it is NewnYork.\" Charlotte could hear the odd, loud sounds around her. She hadnnever felt so frightened in her life. \"I won't look up. You can't makenme. I'm going to close my eyes and all of this is going to go away. Inwill be back at Uncle Millard's home and I will watch the boys, I promise,nnever to take my eyes off them. This isn't real. I don't believe yournsilly stories. \" He gently placed his hand under her chin, and lifted hernhead. \"You will look at me, young lady. And pull yourself together.nStuart has brought us here and we will make the best of it.\" She slowly opened her eyes and her uncle's stern but caring eyesngazed upon her. She looked past him, to the left, and right and then up,nand her mouth dropped open. She closed them tightly again, \"No....I wantnto go home. You must take me back immediately.\" \"That's impossible.\" He looked over at his son, the look and joynin his face evident. Leopold couldn't help but smile. Unlike thensituation Leopold had found himself in years ago, Stuart was in totalnacceptance of the New York of the future. He had listened to Leopold'snstories with wonder and amazement. Stuart turned to his father, \"Oh,Papa, it's just like younsaid...all of it.\" He was all smiles and Leopold couldn't help but benoverjoyed being able to share this moment with him. He stood up headingntowards his son. He kneeled down next to him and tousled his hair, then put on anstern face, \"I should take you over my knee, young man. You werenspecifically told not to go near the bridge unless accompanied by myself.\" \"Philip dared me. And I just wanted to have a look. I wasn'tngoing to jump.\" Charlotte sat up, \"You are a liar, Stuart Mountbatten. Younpulled me off that bridge on purpose. You could have killed us both.nBut, no....you are always thinking of yourself.\" She stood up andnstraightened out her skirt, and realized a few people walking along thenriverfront were staring. Charlotte looked shocked at the clothing theynwere wearing, and then looked down at herself and realized why they werengawking at her. Her favorite lemon yellow frock, with the satin sashnaround the waist was now torn on the side and smudge marks dotted thenskirt. She immediately darted behind her uncle who smiled at thenonlookers. Leopold in a everyday suit, for 1881, high collar, loosened tie,nand sensible shoes, didn't stand out half as much as his son and niece.nStuart in a sailor suit, pants cropped at the knee and high buttoned shoesnwas all the rage in 1881 for boys his age but now he looked ridiculousnin comparison to the boys of the 21st century. \"What are we going to do,nUncle Leopold? Everyone is staring and we have no where to go.\" \"Stop making a fuss, Charlotte.\" her cousin chimed in, \"We canngo see Uncle Charlie. Right, Papa? You know where he lives.\" Leopold wondered what was the actually date, his findings hadnnever calculated where they would end up, it was possible no time had evennelapsed since his last visit. He gave his son a reassuring look, whilenCharlotte continued to cling to him, \"I suppose that is what we must do.\" He looked around trying to get his bearings and then began tonwalk up the street, Stuart took hold of his hand, and Charlotte stood inndisbelief, Leopold turned to look at her. \"What is the problem now, Charlotte? I would like to make thisnjourney in daylight, night is falling rapidly.\" \"Surely, you can't expect for us to walk?\" \"And pray tell what do you suggest we do?\" She pointed up to the bridge as cars zoomed past, \"Thosenthings...can't we take one of those?\" \"They require money....not the kind of money I have in mynpossession at this time.\" \"But you're a Duke, you can order them to take you. You have nonneed of any money.\" Leopold laughed, \"I'm afraid my position in the Englishnaristocracy of 1881 means absolutely nothing here. The best thing we canndo is stay as inconspicuous as possible.\" Leopold had learned his lessonnon his previous visit. \"Now come along.\" She shrugged her shoulders, \"I can't believe any of this. I hatenthis place. It's so common and dirty.\" As she walked towards Leopold, somenyoung boys began whistling at her. It disgusted her, and their appearancenwas disgraceful. Even Gareth who mucked out stables looked morenpresentable then these boys. \"And the people....\" she caught up to Leopoldnand he put his hand over her mouth. \"That will be enough. I am extremely tired of your complaining.nYou are acting like a spoiled child. I have raised you better. Thesenpeople here are no different than you or I.\" His voice was stern as henlooked directly into her eyes. \"How can you say that? Can't you see?\" Charlotte being thenrebellious teenager she was ignored her uncle. \"I can only see one thing at this moment, My niece, with annattitude that I find extremely unattractive. I will hope and pray that itnis a phase that you are going through and nothing else.\" Leopold sometimesnfound Charlotte like her father. He hoped that the bad seed that was innEdgar was just that, nothing that could be passed on to his children. \"I am not a little girl anymore, Uncle Leopold and I have a rightnto have ideas of my own.\" \"That is all well and good, and I encourage your independence inngeneral, but as long as I am your guardian you will adhere to my wishes.nAnd my wish is for you to be quiet and walk at this time. Your ideas,nyoung lady, could amount to trouble especially here in a place you arenunaccustomed to. So I suggest you keep them to yourself for the timenbeing. \" \"But..\" Charlotte loved to argue. Leopold put his hand over her mouth again, \"I can take you overnmy knee here if you'd like. I am sure that might put you in yournplace...in front of these people who you find common. I am sure it wouldnbe nothing like they have ever witnessed before.\" \"You wouldn't dare.\" \"Don't tempt me.\" She looked at the people staring, Leopold gaventhem a smile and tipped his head in greeting \"Lovely evening, isn't it?\" Charlotte was quiet and walked behind them. Then feeling thenglares all focused on her, quickly sped up and reached for Leopold's hand.nHe wasn't a bit surprised. Charlotte enjoyed being rebellious, but shenstill found comfort in the protective watch of her uncle. Despiteneverything. She was glad he had followed them off the bridge. This placenwas frightening and she just wanted to go home. * * * *n * * When Kate and the children found themselves on the streets ofn21st Century New York, darkness was settling on the city. Philip clung tonher leg as the sounds of taxi's blared overhead on the bridge. So much fornher brave companion. Emily was still playing her quiet as a mouse game,nbut her eyes were wide searching the unfamiliar surroundings, from thencomfort of her mother's arms, for Leopold. Looking up at the New Yorknskyline, the sounds of the city all around her, brought back so much. Anlife she rarely thought about. Her life was with Leopold and the childrennand Balinor. She had grown accustomed to the slow rhythm of living in then1800's. For the first time in her life this city frightened her. Maybenbecause she was now a mother. She held Emily closer to her, kissing thentop of her head. Philip interrupted her thoughts, \"Where's uncle Leopold, AuntnKate?\" \"That's a good question.\" \"We'll find him right? He'll take us back won't he?\" Kate's optimism was fading as she looked down at the wide eyes ofnher nephew. \"Of course he will.\" She didn't even have to think where tonbegin their search. Her old apartment. Hoping Charlie was still there.nEven seeing Stuart again was a comforting thought. She took hold ofnPhilip's hand, \"Well, the adventure begins right now, young man. If we'rengoing to find your uncle we better get a move on.\" Emily's eyes brightened, and she removed her thumb from hernmouth, \"Papa?\" Kate gave her daughter a squeeze, god she hoped she hadn't made anmistake, they had to find Leopold and the others. * * * *n * * Stuart locked up his office. He was supposed to be meetingnanother blind date at bar in the village, but he just wanted to go home,nput his feet up and watch some mindless television with Bart laying at hisnfeet. He had gotten it together in the last few months. He was writingnfor a science magazine, but still able to do research. His portal theory,nthat was going to make him a bundle and get him the break he deserved, hadnbeen shelved. He no longer wanted to capitalize on it. It was personal,ninvolving people he had really cared about. He thought about Kate andnLeopold often, in the past year. He had moved on to his lineage, andnresearched his ancestors. Kate and Leopold being his great greatngrandparents. He had caused Leopold's transportation into the 21stncentury, and it was meant to be. But he no longer wanted to mess with thenpast and history. It was too risky. He headed towards the elevator. Andnas he pressed the button, he heard the clunk sound of something inside. That was strange. The elevator maintenance men had just beennthere this morning. He watched for the lights above to show movement ofnthe elevator. But nothing was happening. He pushed it again. Stillnnothing. He took the stairs, 10 flights down...good exercise though, henmet others on the stairwell, complaining about the broken elevator, andnthen heard someone say it wasn't just theirs. His wife had just phoned himnto tell him she was in Macy's and the elevators broke down there too.nStuart's first thought was of another incident only a year previous, whennall of the elevators in New York broke down for 5 days....because ofnLeopold. No, it couldn't be. There was no way. He rushed down the stairsnand out into the street hailing a cab. Instead of going to the Village henheaded for the apartment. * * * *n * * * Charlie sat on the sofa flicking TV channels, Bart had beennwhining for the last half hour. But he didn't feel like taking him out.nHe had had 3 auditions today and all of them ended up with nothing. He wasnin a foul mood. He had moved in with Stuart shortly after Kate'sndeparture. There was no way he could afford her apartment not knowing whennand if he would have a job. He missed her. He missed Leo. And now lookednat Stuart and realized he was the only connection to the both of them henhad. Records now showed he had no sister. There were no longernphotographs of her. It was like she never existed. But he had one thing.nThe photo Stuart had taken in the past of her. He kept it by his bed. Stuart unlocked the door and entered the apartment, Bart dying tongo out. \"Charlie, something has happened.\" Bart jumped up on him,\"Downnboy, not now.\" \"Yeah, something has happened alright, I still don't have a job.\"n He slumped back down in the sofa. Stuart grabbed the remote control from his hands and turned thenTV off, then sat across from him on the coffee table, \"Listen to me,nCharlie...\" \"For god's sake, Stuart, what is it. I was watching Judge Judy.\" \"The elevators are broken.\" He smiled, raising his eyebrows.nCharlie just gave him an odd look. \"And that is your great news? Goody, goody..this place isnfalling apart. Maybe they'll condemn the joint and we'll be out on thenstreet. That would really make my day...no job, no home.\" \"You don't get it. The elevators are broken all over the city.\"nHe jumped up and pulled out a file stuffed into the overcrowded bookshelf.nPapers fell out of it. Charlie watched in amazement. What was he going onnabout? Well, Stuart, was a bit out there. Stuart found the piece of paper he wanted and looked it over, \"Incan't believe it Charlie. I really didn't think this through. I figurednthe portal would open only every 25 years. But my calculations were allnoff. \" \"The portal. Not the same portal where....\" \"one and the same. It's open. And the elevator's are broken.\"nhe continued skimming through the papers, looking for something he hadnmissed. Charlie's eyes lit up, \"Leopold...Leopold is in New York..\" Stuart nodded. \"He's got to be heading here. Where else wouldnhe go?\" \"That means Kate....oh, god, Stuart, I just can't believe it.\"nBart started barking, and jumping up on Stuart. \"I can't believe you didn't take the dog out, God, Charlie, it'snnot like you were doing anything.\" \"I needed the time to arrange my thoughts. It's important afterna major let down. I can't be expected to take the dog out at a time likenthis. He needs to learn to hold it. Like the rest of us.\" Stuart rolled his eyes, he got his leash, \"Well, I don't knownabout you, but I'm going out there to look for them. You can stay herenwith those thoughts if you like.\" He clipped the leash on Bart and headednout the door, Bart pulling him all the way. Charlie looked up and they were gone, \"Hey, wait....\" he grabbednhis jacket, \"Stuart.\" he called, as he quickly darted after them.[Chapter 4] Leopold stood trying to get his bearings. In the darkness it wasnmuch more difficult to get his sense of direction.. Charlotte, sighed,n\"We're lost aren't we? You don't know where Charlie lives at all.\" \"He does so. He knows everything.\" Stuart argued. \"No one knows everything, even the Duke of Albany, smarty pants.\" Leopold turned to his niece, \"Enough, I can expect this kind ofnbehavior from a 5 year old, but Charlotte you are a young woman who shouldnknow better. \" \"but I'm tired, Uncle Leopold, and I don't like this place.\" \"We are very aware of your feelings at this time, since you havenmade it a point to let us know every few steps of our journey thus far.\"nHe looked up at the street sign, and then across the street trying tonrecognize a familiar landmark of some kind, when he was attacked fromnbehind. He fell to the ground, startled. Charlotte let out a scream, \"you horrid creature, get away fromnmy uncle,you brute.\" She began to whack at the culprit with her handbag,na large dog, who was now straddling Leopold and licking his face. Leopold began to laugh, \"Bart...I don't believe it. I nevernthought i would be so glad to see you again.\" Charlie and Stuart stood over him, \"Well, well...look whatndropped in from the 19th century.\" Stuart pulled Bart off him, andnCharlotte stood open mouthed as these two men helping her uncle up.nLeopold embraced them each in turn. \"My word, you two have not changed one bit...so I can assume thatnthe 21st century has been kind...\" He turned to Charles, \"I'm extremelynanxious to hear of what has transpired since my departure...\" YoungnStuart tugged on his father's pants leg and all 3 of them looked down atnthe young boy looking up at them. Charlie looked at Leopold and down at the boy, \"I don't believenit, you have a son...my nephew...my god, Leo, I don't know how you talkednmy sister into having a baby, but good for you.\" He gave Leopold a playfulnpunch on the arm, Leopold furrowed his brow not really understanding thengesture. Young Stuart put his hand out. He had been taught well by hisnfather and great uncle, to always respect your elders and act accordingly.nHe had heard many stories of Charles, and felt he already knew him, but henwanted his father to be proud of him and his behavior, \"I am Stuart CharlesnPhilip Millard Otis Mountbatten, and it is a pleasure to make yournacquaintance.\" Stuart had been researching the family and as he smiled down atnStuart he realized he was looking at his great grandfather. It wasnincredible. This little boy, he had been named after. He recalled hisnmother telling him this story. What a remarkable man her grandfather hadnbeen. Attending Oxford at 14, and had been a pioneer in the field ofnphysics. He shook his head, this little boy was a genius. This little boynwas his great grandfather..he chuckled out loud. And young Stuart lookednup at him, furrowing his brow in confusion. He pulled on his father's pantnlet. \"Papa.\" Leopold looked down at his son, \"Yes, son?\" \"Why is he laughing at me?\" Leopold squatted down so he was at eye level with the boy,nsmiling and tousling his hair, \"He is not laughing at you, son.\" Henwondered how he could explain the fact to his 5 year old son, that the mannstanding next to him was actually his great grandson. \"He is just happy tonsee us, and to meet you.\" Stuart didn't buy this explanation, coming from his father whonnormally was so precise in explaining everything. \"Because I am the son ofna duke?\" \"I promise I will explain this all to you at a later date...whennyou are a considerable amount older and wiser, where it will all make sensento you.\" \"I am not a baby, papa...And I understand most everything yountell me.\" \"This is true...\" Leopold was at lost for words, not wanting tonget himself into a situation he really wasn't prepared for. Stuart aware of the awkwardness Leopold was experiencing, he cutnin, \"You know, Stuart, it was very rude of me to laugh, but I am justnpleased that your father felt compelled to name his first born after me.nThere isn't any greater form of flattery.\" \"My father says that I am like you. But I do not think he isncorrect. I am only a boy, and how could I possibly be like a man of yournage? I think it is all very silly.\" Stuart smiled, \"Yeah, that's true. Adults can be very silly.nJumping off bridges, following their destiny....\" Leopold smiled. Charlie looked around, \"Speaking of your destiny, Leo, where'snKate?\" \"I am truly sorry, Charles, but this trip was not planned andnKate has not accompanied us on this journey. There is so much I would likento speak to both of you about, but not here. The children are exhausted.\" \"Of course, Leopold, you're welcome to stay at the apartment,nit's a bit cramped but I am sure we can make room.\" \"That's ever so kind of you, Stuart.\" They began to walk down the street, Stuart holding onto hisnfather's hand, but Charlotte wouldn't budge. her arms crossed in front ofnher. Leopold turned around, \"come along, Charlotte.\" \"I don't know them,they are strange men to me and my mother wouldnnot approve.\" Leopold looked stern and then smiled at Stuart, \"My niece,nCharlotte,....this is Stuart, an old friend of your aunts and mine andnCharles is Kate's brother. Now that the introduction is out of the way, wencan be on our way.\" \"It is not appropriate, and I believe you are aware of that fact,nUncle Leopold.\" Leopold had had enough, he turned to Charlie, \"Please take my sonnback to the apartment, I will be along momentarily, once I deal with thisnsituation.\" Stuart could see Leopold's temper mounting and he took hold ofnLeopold's shoulder, \"You go on with Charlie, Leopold. Get Stuart settlednin. Let me deal with this.\" Leopold was not certain this was a good idea. Charlotte was anhandful. He looked from his niece to Stuart, and then realized Stuartncould probably persuade her, whereas he was bound to yell, and just makenmatters worse. At least, Kate seemed to think so anyhow. He was hardly annexpert on teenage girls. Bowing his head slightly and motioning his handntowards Charlotte he smiled at Stuart, \"Be my guest.\" He then took hold of young Stuart's hand and followed Charliendown the street. Charlotte couldn't believe he was leaving her there andnshouted after him, \"How dare you, Uncle Leopold. Leaving me with thisnstrange man.\" A few people looked around at the two of them. Stuart awkwardly smiled at them, \"You know, teenagers....theynlove to cause scenes..\" then looked back at the young woman in hisnpresence. So much like Leopold, hot headed and stubborn. He smiled, \"Younknow you're uncle fought this to. Refused to believe a word about thenporthole.\" She glared at him, \"I'm right...you don't think this is real.\" \"It could be a dream. My uncle tends to tell amazing stories,nand it would not be the first time that I have dreamed of such a place. Ofncourse this one is much more intricate and detailed.\" She paused for ansecond then continued, \"you said my uncle fought this....I don'tnunderstand.\" \"He thought I kidnapped him, do you believe it?\" \"Kidnap, my uncle Leopold? \" She almost wanted to laugh. What anmistake any kidnapper would make with her uncle as the attended kidnappee.nHe talked to much, and was not afraid of anything. Also there was the factnthat the family really did not have the money most people assumed they had. Stuart nodded, \"He created quite a scene, I thought he wouldnwake the whole building.\" \"building?\" Charlotte questioned with a quizzical expression. \"Apartment building where Charlie and I live. Where Leopold metnKate. You aren't curious at all?\" \"It's ridiculous, stories he makes up. I just want to go home tonUncle Millard's house.\" \"And your uncle will take you there, believe me. But in the meanntime, come back and check out my place. You can check out MTV, or watchnone of Charlie's many oddball films from his DVD collection, I couldnscrounge up some tasty junk food, that I'm sure your uncle would findndisgusting....popcorn, fudgecicles, skittles. Charlie has a thing fornthem. \" Charlotte looked at him oddly. She had no idea what he wasntalking about, \"I don't understand. Those items you mentioned I have nevernwitnessed. And the words you use are not a part of my vocabulary.\" \"Well, aren't you curious?\" She tried to remain calm and collected, showing indifference,n\"Not in the slightest.\" \"Suit yourself, Bart and I can stand out here with you for asnlong as you like. He doesn't get out much.\" She looked down at the dog.nShe did have an affection for animals, and this one was giving her quite annaffectionate look, he then nuzzled her hand. She immediately began tonstroke him, and a smile appeared on her face. \"He likes you. Always has liked the ladies.\" Charlotte found there was something about Stuart she liked. Hisneyes seemed kind. She reluctantly spoke up, \"I will join you, but Instill do not approve and my mother will hear about this. She won't benpleased with my uncles choices. She has put me in his hands and he is notnacting very responsible whatsoever. \" Stuart smiled as she joined him for the walk down the streetntowards the apartment. * * * * * * By the time Kate reached her old apartment building, Emily wasnsound asleep her arms. Philip clutching her leg, making it ever sondifficult to walk those final steps. She entered the building and thendoorman eyed her. She smiled, thinking he would recognize her, \"Gracy, younremember me right? Kate McKay.5A\" \"I'm sorry, ma'am, but I've worked here a long time and the onlynMcKay I know is Charlie...and he's in 6A\" Kate looked at him oddly, then it hit her....she had nevernexisted here. So would Charlie and Stuart not know her either. She had tonmake up a story to get upstairs. \"Well, I'm Charlie's......cousin....andnwe've just arrived....\" The doorman was beginning to think she was a bit nuts, as shencontinued, \"from.....\".she looked around the room searching for somethingnto complete her sentence,n\"Actually, we're all actors as well, the whole family.\" She could tell henwas eying their odd clothing. \"we've been in a period show, off Broadway.\" \"My brother is in a show off Broadway, Clayton Fillmore, maybenyou know him.\" \"No, I doubt it.\"\" She shook her head, \"We are way offnbroadway....way way off Broadway. In fact, it's actually Brooklyn.nBrooklyn Community theater.\" She felt exhausted and Emily was becomingnincredibly heavy. \"We just need to see Charlie. My children are exhausted,nplease.\" He felt he had seen that face somewhere before and the way shenpleaded with him just then. The two children, did look beat, and she didnas well, he felt like doing a good deed and smiled, \"the elevator is out,ngotta use the stairs. You know he's got a house full.....just came backnwith a tall gentlemen....and I mean gentlemen, with a little boy. Incould've sworn I'd seen him someplace before, but just couldn't place him.nVery regal looking man.\" Kate sighed with relief....they were here. Leopold and Stuartnwere here. She quickly made her way up the stairs. * * * ** * * ********* In the last hour, Leopold and the children had made themselves atnhome in Stuart's apartment. Young Stuart was mesmerized by every gadgetnand Stuart enjoyed showing him around. He was especially taken in by thencomputer and what he was able to find. Stuart was amazed that a 5 year oldncould comprehend so much. But it was obvious young Stuart was already waynbeyond his years. A genius in the making. Even Charlotte found her curiosity sparked by the contents ofnStuart's apartment. The television set was especially intriguing. She satnwith the remote control and gazed at the contents of sitcoms, reality TVnand MTV videos with awe and wonder. There was something about this culturenthat was incredibly appealing, although she wasn't about to admit that tonanyone in the room. The house wasn't as tidy as it could be, but what did anyonenexpect with two men sharing it. Charlie rummaged through a cupboard tonfind a bottle of wine, knowing that Leopold wouldn't want soda or beer. Henpoured him a glass and grabbed two beers along the way and the 3 men sat onnthe sofa and began to catch up with what had transpired since their lastnmeeting. When Kate reached the 6th floor apartment, she thought she wouldnpass out. Emily seemed to get heavier with each step. And Philip stoppednevery few steps. She heard laughter from behind the door, and instead ofnfeeling relieved that she had finally reached her destination, she was anbit annoyed. Her husband seemed to be enjoying himself while she wasnburdened with a whining 6year old and a sleeping toddler. Stuart opened the door and was startled to find the dishevelednKate standing in front of me, \"Kate!\" Leopold immediately stood up as henheard her name. Charlie followed suit. Kate didn't even greet Stuart butnpushed him aside and made her way towards Leopold. Leopold was incredibly surprised and pleased to see her, but bynthe look on her face she obviously didn't feel the same way, \"OH, I see hownit is. You are having a wonderful time, not a care in the world, while Inam worried sick about you and the children. This is typical, Leopold, notnthinking about anyone else.\" Emily now roused from her sleep by the noise,nbegan to whimper. Kate immediately passed her to Leopold. He situated Emily awkwardly still focusing on Kate, \"Kate, thatnis hardly the case, the situation was not one I planned. I never evenncontemplated the thought of traveling through the porthole again. It wasnan unfortunate accident. And I could not possibly allow the children tonwander the streets of New York City of the 21st century alone.\" Emilynclung to her father tightly, her head buried into his neck. \"Do you realize I have spent the last hour traipsing through thenstreets with Philip clinging to me..lugging Emily. Hoping to god the 3 ofnyou were safe. \" \"Kate, you are tired, I understand your concern, and if younthought for one minute that I was not concerned about you and Emily andnhow you would react to this, you are mistaken. \" Stuart and Charlie exchanged glances, seeing the two of themnbickering. Nothing much had changed. Kate was still the stubborn strongnwilled woman who had left 21st century NY only a few short years ago. Charlotte looked up from the television, hearing her uncle andnaunt's exchange. She was used to it and not phased in the slightest.nAlthough their love was stronger than ever, they didn't always see eye toneye. Stuart and Charlie watched her reaction, and she just rolled herneyes, \"This is nothing. They can argue for hours, without backing down, butnAunt Kate usually is the victor, much to my uncle's chagrin.\" Kate and Leopold looked at their teenage niece and she justnsmirked back, Leopold gave her the evil eye, \"Of course your aunt Kate isnthe more stubborn of the two of us and that is precisely why she is thenvictor in most cases. But we are not arguing for your information,nCharlotte, at this moment.\" Kate put her hands on her hips, \"Really? So what is it then? \" Charlie stepped between them and it was the first time shenentered the apartment that she had actually looked at him, \"Okay, enough ofnthis...both of you. So is this how it is back in the good old 19thncentury, I really thought the simple life would have mellowed you, Kate.nBut I can see it hasn't.\" Kate was speechless, when she wanted to argue, and have the lastnword. Seeing Charlie again was incredible and she felt a tear come to herneye. \"My god, Charlie...\" he smiled at her and she went to his arms andnthey hugged, she then stepped back, she looked around at the others, nownall of their attention focused on her, \"I am so sorry. Leopold is right,nI'm tired and this is overwhelming...I never thought this would happen.nBeing here again.\" She smiled at Charlie, still amazed that they werenactually standing in the same room. Leopold set Emily down and she whimpered holding her arms up tonhim, he sternly looked down at her, pointing his finger, \"It is yournmother's turn now, youngnlady.\" He moved closer to Kate and he leaned over to kiss her gently onnthe lips, his right hand stroked her cheek. When he looked into her eyes,nshe was crying, he gently wiped her tears with his handkerchief, \"There isnno need to shed tears, Kate. We are all here together.And we are safe. Itnwas very brave of you to follow us off the bridge. And I am ever songrateful that you did.. I would have hated to be away from you for anynamount of time, let alone a century or two.\" He kissed her again, thisntime more passionately. Charlotte rolled her eyes again and returned back to thentelevision. Stuart and Philip turned back to the computer screen, butnEmily toddled over to her parents pulling on her father's pant leg, crying.n \"No, no, no....me Papa's girl.\" Kate looked down at her daughter and couldn't help but smile,n\"well, it seems nothing ever changes.\" Leopold picked her up, andnimmediately the tears disappeared. \"I must be slightly more disciplined with her. Surely we cannbreak her of this routine.\" Kate shrugged her shoulders, \"You're the child expert, Leopold.\"nKate headed towards the kitchen helping herself to a beer, she plopped downnin the seat next to Charlotte and took a swig sighing. Her feet went up onnthe coffee table. Charlotte eyed her curiously. Kate never ceased tonamaze her. \"Aunt Kate.\" Charlotte tried to be diplomatic, motioning hernhead to her posture and feet. Kate laughed, \"This is the 21st century, Charlotte, and women canndo whatever a man does.\" she then looked up at her husband, \"And thennsome. We have a lot to talk about Charlotte.\" Leopold was ready to step in, \"Kate, you are not to have thisndiscussion with Charlotte at this time. \" Stuart was not prepared fornanother conflict of interest between these two. \"Leopold, I was thinking you and Kate and Emily could have mynroom. The other children Charlies, and we'll bunk out here.\" Charlotte looked up, \"You cannot possibly expect me to share anroom with those two boys. I want my own room.\" \"Charlotte.\" Leopold raised his voice. Kate chirped in, \"I think Charlotte and I will share a room.nLeopold can bunk with the children. It makes much more sense.\" \"To whom?\" Leopold added. Kate looked at the clock on the wall, \"Leopold, the time. Younhave always been so adamant about the children's bedtime. I really don'tnthink we should break the routine under any circumstances.\" Charlie nudged Leopold, \"I can see who wears the pants in thisnfamily.\" Leopold who normally would not mind taking orders from Kate foundnthat in front of Stuart and Charlie he was a little embarrassed by herncontrol over him, but didn't want to make a scene. \"Stuart, Philip...younheard your aunt, it is bedtime.\" There were moans from both of them, \"Oh, papa, just a little morentime.\" \"Come along both of you now.\" He said sternly Kate was lookingnup at him smiling triumphantly, he gave her the eye, \"And I will have anword with you later, darling wife, if you could make some time for yournlowly husband.\" \"Of course, Leopold.\" she wasn't sure what this was about. Henheaded into the bedroom with the children. Charlotte turned to her aunt, \"He is so cross with you, AuntnKate. I can tell by the sound of his voice. Maybe I should go help himnwith the boys.\" for a brief moment Charlotte cared about her uncle'snfeelings and felt a bit sorry for him. She began to get up. And Katengently pulled her back down on the couch. \"You know, your uncle, he enjoys putting them to bed, tellingnthem stories. He doesn't need any help.\" She stood back up and glared down at Kate, \"I have never trulynunderstood your relationship, but I have accepted it because I see hownhappy the two of you are together. But I do believe my uncle was right,nyou are more stubborn and maybe once you could act like a devoted wife andntake over the duties of the children for a change. He is a man, a rathernunique one, that is granted, and has a wonderful relationship with hisnchildren and my brother, but......\" Kate looked surprised at her outburst, \"Charlotte, that will benenough.\" \"you are sounding like Uncle Leopold now. So much for being thisnmodern woman of what you call the 21st century. I am tired now, and I willnretire.\" She turned to Stuart and Charlie, \"I am grateful for your kindnessnthis evening, but I for one will be returning to my own time tomorrow, withnor without the others. I am sure it is a very interesting place but I donnot belong her.\" She turned to Kate, thinking she looked extremely contentnin this place. What if Kate decided not to return with Leopold and thenothers? It was a thought that she didn't' want to think about at thisntime. Kate looked up at her brother and Stuart, it was extremely quiet,n\"I'm not sure what that was about.\" They both glared at her, \"Why are younlooking at me that way. Leopold adores those children. He has raised allnof them pretty much on his own.\" she now felt the need to defend herself.,n\"It's how he wants it.\" Stuart didn't speak and went to the hall cupboardnlooking for some bedding for the couch. Kate's eyes followed him and thennlooked back at Charlie, \"Oh, come on, you two. You think I'm not beingnfair to Leopold?\" \"Kate, I don't have any idea what life has been like for you fornthe past few years, but I think your niece has a point.\" \"That's right you don't, Charlie. You wouldn't last a day in then19th century, with none of the luxuries you're used to. And going through anpregnancy back then....you can't even imagine what that was like. Womenndie in childbirth, you know. I am lucky to be alive.\" \"You're overexagerating, Kate.\" He grabbed the sleeping bag fromnStuart's arms as Stuart continued to make up the couch. \"I can't believe this. You are taking sides. Typical you mennsticking together.\" They both ignored her, and she threw up her hands,n\"Fine. But Leopold will tell you in the morning. That he is happy with hisnlife the way it is. \" She then stormed into the bathroom. She stood innfront of the mirror and thought about her last words. He had always saidnhe was happy with the way things were, but was he now wishing she could benmore like other 19th century women, like Janet, caring for her children andnbeing an obedient and loving wife. They were just tired. Leopold couldn'tnpossibly be upset with her. She shook her head, no, of course not. Thenjourney today had been just too overwhelming for all of them and no one wasnthinking quite straight. She peeked into the bedroom, to find Leopold in his undershirtnand trousers, asleep on top of the covers, Emily curled up at his side, hernthumb in her mouth. Philip on his other side peacefully sleeping. Thennthere was Stuart scrunched up in a chair looking at a book, belonging tonStuart. He looked at her startled. It was rare of her to catch him awake,nand he immediately shut the book. She moved closer to him quietly takingnit away from him. \"It's late, Stuart. And you've had a long exciting day.nNow come on and get into bed.\" \"Philip is taking up all the room. I want to sleep on the floornwith Uncle Charlie.\" He then looked up at her with pleading eyes, \"Please,nmama...I know Papa would not mind.\" Kate looked over at Leopold, henstirred a little and rolled to his side facing Emily. He large left handnresting gently on her back. She was now feeling incredibly bad for thenwords she had said, so thoughtlessly, earlier. He didn't deserve it. Henhad always been so understanding and accepting over the past few years.nWhy didn't she just think before she spoke? Stuart had not received an answer and realized his mother wasnpreoccupied, \"Mama?\" She turned back to Stuart, so much like Leopold, the dark brownnhair wisped across his forehead, the sweet tender smile. \"You can sleepnout in the living room with Charlie...but you're going to sleep, not read.nIs that understood?\" He nodded his head and a broad smile appeared across his face,nhopping off the chair, he quietly made his way past her and out of thendoor. Kate let out a sigh, and took one last look at her sleeping husband.n She made a mental note to apologize first thing in the morning. And maybenletting Leopold have a day without the children, to catch up with Stuartnwasn't such a bad idea either.[Chapter 5] Kate felt the sun on her face as shenawoke the following morning. As she stretched,her eyes still closed,nshe smiled to herself. The dream. The dream about jumping off thenbridge and being in 21st Century New York again. What andream it had been. Leopold, the children, Charlie and Stuart allncrowded into a small apartment. It was absolutely ridiculous. Asnshe turned over to face the light, expecting a sleeping Leopold bynher side, she opened her eyes to find her 15 year old niecensprawled out in front of her. She took a double take. Closing herneyes and reopening them, the same image appeared in front of her. nShe looked past the sleeping Charlotte towards the light and focusednon the window. This wasn't Millard's townhouse in New York. The NewnYork skylight was substantially different. As her eyes scannednaround the room, it was obvious that her dream was actually reality. nA television set, a stereo system, a playstation console. She rubbednher eyes and sat up. It was going to be quite a day, that was fornsure. Leopold awoke to the sound of hisndaughter chattering to herself. Rubbing his eyes he looked up tonfind her leaning over him, one hand twiddling a strand of his hairnthrough her tiny fingers. He smiled up at her and lifted her intonthe air. She giggled as he embraced her in a hug. He felt a smallnfoot in his back, and turned to find Phillip stirring beside him.nLooking around the room he realized Stuart was missing. Startled henquickly got up and made his way into the living room where he wasnrelieved to see Stuart being shown the various workings of a computernby his namesake. His son looked up at him, \"Papa, cannwe stay here, forever? Stuart says I can find out everything on thisncomputer. I would not even have to go to school.\" He shook his head at Stuart, \"Arenyou going to explain this to him? The fact that he could easilynalter history. In fact, we are most likely disrupting it everynminute we grasp another breath.\" Stuart knew only to well about thatnpossibility. He turned to the young boy, \"Your dad is right. nEverything you do could change history. Change what is to be,not angood thing.\" \"And you know what is to be, do younnot? What happens to all of us?\" Stuart looked over at Leopold fornguidance and he quickly changed the subject, \"I do not know aboutnyou, son, but all that excitement we partook in yesterday has left menhighly famished. As I recall, Stuart's ice box is full of variousnmodern day delicacies that will make your mouth water. Go wake upnyour cousin. I would not want him to miss out on the feast I amnabout to prepare.\" Young Stuart got down from the chair. nHe knew his father was changing the subject. Leopold tossled hisnhair as he passed. And once he was out of the room he turned tonStuart, \"Is there not a saying, 'out of the mouths of babes'?\" \"He's quite the kid, Leopold. I amnstill astonished what he knows for his age.\" \"Sometimes he knows to much. I haventried to allow my children the childhood I did not have, but Stuartnis much more interested in books then in kicking a ball or riding anhorse.\" \"Like father like son.\" \"And possibly great grandson.\" nLeopold smiled as he headed towards the refrigerator.nEmily toddling behind him, clutching onto his pant leg. Stuart went to the coffee makernswitching it on, looking down at Emily who quickly buried her headninto her father's trousers. \"Now this is a sight I wouldn't havenquite imagined with you.\" \"Well, Emily is not like any othernchild I have encountered. It is a concern of Kate's, that she is farntoo much attached to me, but I assure you I have done nothing tonencourage this behavior. I am adamant thatnshe will grow out of it in due time.\" \"I think you like it, Leopold.\" \"Do not let Kate's words of lastnevening fog your mind, Stuart. Yes, I have been a good father to mynchildren. I am attentive and concerned with their wellbeing andntheir upbringing but I have not succumbednto being a nursemaid as Kate would like you to believe. My duties asna father, a husband and a duke are equally important and I have notnneglected any of them as far as I am aware of.\" Leopold beganngetting a bit testy. \"Hey, I'm not judging you. I thinknit's great. More fathers should be apart of their kids upbringingnand I never pictured Kate being mother of the year in this century ornthe 19th for that matter.\" \"She does her part. It has not beenneasy for her.\" Although they had a disagreement he always stood upnfor her. Their life was not ideal but it worked. Kate was content,nas far as he was aware and he had always been more than happy tonraise the children. \"Oh, I am sure of that, Leopold, butnfrom all I can see the 19th century seems to have beenngood for her.\" \"She has been good for it as well. Incould not have accomplished all that I have in the last few yearsnwithout her encouragement. And she runs Balimor like no othernDuchess before her.\" Stuart laughed, \"So she still has tonhave some kind of control, is that what you're telling me?\" \"We are what you would call a teamnI believe. I need her, Stuart and I think she equally needs me.\" Kate stood at the entry way of thenkitchen hearing every word, \"Really, now Leopold. Is that what younthink?\" He turned abruptly, a scowl on hisnface, \"Kate...I will not...\" She moved towards him and put a handnover his mouth smiling, \"Let me finish...I do need you...and thatnis why I jumped off the bridge last night. And why I jumped off itnto find you that night, not so long ago. You once said love is anleap and I think both of us now know the real meaning of thatnsaying.\" She removed her hand and he smiled tenderly at her, \"Nownwhat was that you were saying?\" \"Well, I was about to say I will notnallow another minute to pass without a proper good morning greeting.\" \"I think that can be arranged.\" He took her in his arms kissing hernpassionately, Emily still attached to hisnleg and Stuart quickly removed her before they both crushed her. Hengave Leopold a little shove, \"Take it to the bedroom, pal. I'llnhandle breakfast.\" Emily gave Stuart a scowl andnstruggled out of his arms. This time attaching herself to bothnparents legs, looking up pleadingly, \"me Papa's girl. me.\" Breaking away from each other brieflynthey looked down at their feet at their young daughter, Leopoldnlooked apologetic, \"I promise you, Kate, I will apply my disciplinento this matter as soon as we return to England.\" \"Leopold, she's your little girl. nIt won't be like this forever and I think you know that. Soon shenwill be grown and married and having her own children. Forget aboutnthe discipline, I could never deny you the affection she has for you.nSomething extremely special between a father and a daughter.\" \"This is common practice?\" \"Well, maybe not as extreme, but Inalways had a better relationship with mynfather than my mother. She hated it. I would run to him in anminute. And I can see Emily will definitelynhave you over a barrel probably all of her life.\" Stuart couldn't help but overhear thisnremark and looked over at the 3 of them. The joyous reunionnthey should be having could never really be. Stuart knew to much. nThings about their future that they could never have privy to. Andnhow the hell was he suppose to hide what he knew in front of thesenpeople that he cared so much about. His family. He went to thenfreezer and pulled out the frozen waffles and Frenchntoast. This wasn't going to be easy. Keep to small talk. Stay awaynfrom anything of importance. Just a few days til they would be onntheir way. He could do it. He had to do it.[Chapter 6] Charlotte was the last to arise thatrnmorning. Her memories of the preceding day were incredibly hazy andrnfor a few moments she thought she was at her Great Uncle Millard'srnhome, until a loud siren blared and she jumped out of bed and ranrninto the other room unaware she was still in just her petticoats. The commotion she made nearlyrnknocking over a pile of Stuart's paper work as she entered the room,rncaused everyone in the room to stop what they were doing and look herrnway. The stares she received from the menrnand the giggles from her brother and cousin startled and flusteredrnher. Leopold could sense her embarrassment,rn\"Charlotte, it is lovely you have finally joined us. You must bernfamished.\" She immediately ran to her uncle.rnWrapping her arms around him, she began to sob, \" They have allrnseen me in my underclothes. Please, Uncle Leopold, I want to gornhome. I do not like it here one bit.\" The boys continued their giggling andrnLeopold threw them a glare. In turn Stuart nudged the boys andrnimmediately they returned to their breakfast. With the attention now drawn away fromrnher, Leopold learily placed his arms around her. He was not used tornher showing this kind of emotion in front of him. She had alwaysrnbeen strong willed and forever testing Leopold with it, but this wasrna turnaround. He knew he had to tread lightly. She was at that agernwhere everything seemed to set her off, \"Charlotte, we are in therncompany of family. There is no reason to be embarrassed. Under therncircumstances we all will excuse you of your lack of appropriaterndress. Now sit down and let Stuart prepare you some breakfast.\" \"But Uncle Leopold, my mother wouldrnnot approve and guarantee I will inform her of this situation. It isrnjust not right at all. We must go back to Great Uncle Millard'srnimmediately.\" \"Your mother would embrace thernmoment, Charlotte and I suggest you try and do the same because therernis no intention of leaving until the portal reopens.\" \"And when will that be? SurelyrnGreat Uncle Millard will be worried about our absence.rn He might very well inform the authorities.\" \"We will be back before your GreatrnUncle even realizes we were gone at all.\" \"This does not make any sense.\" \"Then do not try to make sense ofrnit, Charlotte and enjoy yourself. \" Leopold now sounded agitated. Kate shook her head. Once againrnLeopold was not handling this situation very well. She moved over tornher niece, \"We definitely need newrnclothes. Your dress will not do here.\" \"Well, of course not. It is tornrnand mud stained. Practically ruined. My best dress, Kate.\" Shernbegan to cry. Leopold let go of her and began pacingrnthe floor, \"One that will be easily replaced when we return to myrnuncle's. It is only a dress, Charlotte.\" \"Gareth's favorite dress. You wouldrnnot understand about these things. I know you want to destroyrneverything I have with him. You disapprovernof him.\" Leopold threw up his hands in the air,rn\"And where is this wealth of information coming from, young lady?rnSince when do you have any inkling of my thoughts on this matter.?\" Kate rolled her eyes. His temper nowrnhad the best of him and he continued as he paced the floor. \"Yournare highly mistaken, Charlotte. He is a fine young man and performsrnhis duties in the stables with utmost care but I do believe you arernto young to be thinking of this young man in such a serious manner.\" Kate came between them, \"Charlotte,rnyou need something to eat.\" She steered her towards the tablernwhere her brother and cousin were now hiding the snickering underrntheir hands. Kate gave Stuart a stern look. \"And that's enoughrnfrom you.\" \"But ,Mama, Charlotte is in herrnundergarments.\" \"And you young man are also inrnyours.\" Stuart and Philip had been so enjoyingrntheir breakfast they had also not dressed but sat at the table inrntheir undershirts and shorts. They both covered their mouths andrnonce again started to giggle. Stuartrnpointed at Charlie and the elder Stuart, \"And so is Uncle Charliernand Stuart.\" Kate joined in with their laughter and even Charlotternmanaged a smile. Leopold's frustration was building,rn\"Stuart, that is uncalled for. You will not speak to your eldersrnin such a manner. Now apologize to Stuart and Charlie at once.\"rnHe then turned to Kate, \"And you are not helping matters what sornever.\" \"Leopold, lighten up.\" She grabbedrnhis hand, then turned to Charlie, \"Watch the kids for a bit please.rn Can't think of a better time then to get that shopping done.\" Charlie smiled, \"No prob, Kate.\" \"If you think for one minute I amrnpartaking in a shopping expedition at this moment, you are mistaken.rnI am not finished with Charlotte. I feel these continual outburstsrnneed to be addressed at present.\" Charlotte looked over at herrnuncle and scowled. This only caused his anger to build, \" I amrnalso in the right mind to take another look at the young Gareth'srnposition. It seems he has ulterior motives working at Balimor and Irnwill not tolerate this kind of behavior from my staff.\" Her scowl changed to a look of concernrnand Leopold smiled in triumph. \"But Uncle Leopold, you yourselfrnstated that he is becoming a fine groomsmen. Jack cannot say enoughrnkind words about the quality of his work. His family relies on hisrnwages. Please,uncle, you must see that he takes this position veryrnseriously indeed. You cannot let him go.\" Kate had had enough, \"Charlotte,rnyour uncle is in no position at this moment to do anything aboutrnGareth's job. This subject is now closed. You will eat breakfast.\"rnShe then grabbed Leopold's arm and pulled him towards the door, \"Andrnyou are coming with me.\" Leopold knew when he was beaten, butrnrefused to have the last word, \"Kate, really...\" She put her hand over his mouth,rn\"Enough. The children and I need clothes if we are going to bernhere for a few days. And they can't leave this apartment until theyrnhave those clothes. We are all going to go crazy in here, Leopold.rnYou know Philip and Stuart need open spaces. And Charlotterndefinitely needs space away from you.\" \"Well, I cannot argue with that. Irnbelieve we are already going crazy.\" She smiled at him then whispered intornhis ear, \"And I also thought...it might be nice to have some alonerntime. No children for an hour a two. When was the last time we'vernhad that delight?\" He looked around the room. Charlotternhad finally settled down in a chair and Stuart was serving her arnplate of waffles. Emily had found paper and pencils and was contentrnsprawled on the floor scribbling to her heart's delight. The boysrnhad resigned to the television watching Spongebob Square Pants inrncomplete awe, Charlie situated between them. She sweetly nuzzled up to him,rn\"They're fine. All of them. You are always thinking about everyonernelse. And that's not likely to change, but it wouldn't be such a badrnthing to think about yourself every once awhile.\" \"I hardly believe shopping isrnsomething that I would choose to partake in in my chosen free time,rnKate, darling.\" He raised an eyebrow,smiling. \"But you'll be with me and I thinkrnthat is something you might choose.\" \"Yes, that is a choice I wouldrneasily make. So I suppose you win. I will accompany you.\" Once again Kate was the victor.rnGratified she took his arm and they headed out the door. Once they had left Stuart sat acrossrnfrom Charlotte who was attempting to eat the plate of food set inrnfront of her but her thoughts were elsewhere. \"He's concernedrnabout you, Charlotte. That does seem obvious.\" \"He is a tyrant. And does not carernabout my happiness whatsoever.\" She pushed the fork around herrnplate in a brisk motion. \"I think you are overrnexaggerating.\" She looked up glaring at him, \"Whatrndo you know about the situation? You live in a completely differentrnworld than the one I share with my uncle.\" \"Well, that's true. But I know arnlot about him and he's a good man.\" \"You are also a man and are sidingrnwith him. And I would not doubt for one minute that you will informrnhim of my lack of respect for my elders. Leopold loathes when I talkrnback and will punish me. That would probably please you.\" Stuart smiled. She was nothing likernthe other young women from her time that seemed pretty certain. Shernhad Leopold's strong will and obviously being around Kate had givenrnher a totally different perspective on a woman's role in this world. \"Give him some time.\" \"You sound like Aunt Kate.\" \"Well, she's a smart lady.\" \"I am not so sure. She did marry myrnuncle.\" Getting a smile from Stuart she lightened up, \"I do notrnmean to be so horrible. I just want him to listen and understandrnwhat I feel.\" \"He's listening.\" She took a bite of waffle and wasrnsurprised by the sweet taste, \"These are wonderful. And to think Irnwill never be able to speak of this sweet concoction or anything Irnelse I have witnessed on this journey to Gareth. I will have to liernand that really is not a very good way to begin a relationship, dornyou not agree, Stuart? Once again, Uncle Leopold is doing everythingrnhe can to destroy what I have with this boy.\" Stuart didn't want another teenagernoutburst so quickly changed the subject to something she would enjoyrntalking about. \"So tell me about Gareth.\" Thoughts of her uncle soon dispersedrnand she beamed, \"He is the most wonderful boy. Dark hair, slim andrntall. Kind and considerate and respectful. And even Uncle Leopoldrnlikes him very much. Everyone on the staff loves him. He isrnextremely helpful to Jack. Does his job with such efficiency. Therernis nothing not to like.\" \"Who is this Jack you mention?\" \"Jack Blackmore. My uncle'srngroomsman and best friend. He has worked for our family since he wasrna boy. His father was my grandfather's groomsman.\" Stuart's mouth dropped when he heardrnthe name, \"Blackmore?\" \"Yes. He and Uncle Leopold grew uprntogether. Now he is married and lives on the estate with his family.rn My brother and cousins and the Blackmore children are close in agernand play together. Uncle Leopold never was allowed that as a child.rnAssociating with the servants in such arnmanner. So he encourages it with his own.\" Stuart didn't know how far he shouldrngo with this but his curiosity had beenrnsparked. \"How many children?\" \"Three. Colin, Hayley and Jamie.rnAnd my great uncle Millard says the Blackmore's breed like rabbits.rnI would not be surprised to return home to find another Blackmore onrnthe way.\" She giggled. Stuart didn't need to hear anymore. Hernimmediately stood up and dashed into his bedroom. Within seconds hernwas dressed and carrying a load of papers and heading for the door.rnCharlie looked up at him, \"Where you off to? Surely, you can callrnin sick today. I thought it would be great if we could all hangrnout.\" \"Charlie, I have an article tornfinish up and a few bits and pieces that need to get sorted. I won'trnbe late. Explain to Kate and Leopold.\" \"Suit yourself, but Stu you knowrnthis might be the last time we ever see them.\" \"I know, Charlie. I promise I won'trnbe late. They'll understand.\" Emily looked up from under therntable where she was drawing, Bart laying by her side. Stuart smiledrnat her and she immediately buried her head in Bart's fur. Stuartrnfelt a mix of emotions, but knew he had to get out of the house. Allrnof this was so much easier when you saw it on paper, but now he couldrnplace names with faces and innocent faces to boot. Why did he everrnfeel the need to trace his ancestry and delve into things he would bernbetter off not knowing? Well, it was too late now.[Chapter 7] Leopold flicked throughnthe racks of clothes and then turned to Kate in disgust as he held upna pink tshirt with the saying 'Spoiled Brat' embossed across thenfront, \"You cannot possibly expect me to approve of any of thisnattire for the children.\" Kate had her handsnfull, Levi's for the boys and the cutest floral print Oshkoshnoveralls for Emily, as she smiled at Leopold, \"Just wait til we getnto the junior department. You are in for a shock when you see whatnyour average teenager is wearing these days.\" Placing the pile ofnclothes in his hands, she headed down the aisle, \"Come on, Leopold.n We still have a lot to do.\" As she walked she picked up a couplenboys tshirts and plopped them on top of the pile in Leopold'snarms. Readjusting the pile,nhe followed behind her, \"I was actually pondering the fact, thatnEmily might be causing Stuart and Charlie a large amount of stressnabout now. I will gladly head back to the apartment and let you takencare of this. You hardly need my assistance.\" \"Emily is fine. Younaren't getting out of this. Now come on.\" He reluctantly followednher towards the other side of the store where Kate spotted a pair ofnjeans with a flower design on one leg, \"These are perfect fornCharlotte.\" \"You are joking. nKate, I am putting my foot down on this. Maybe the young people ofnthis century enjoy flaunting their bodies in an inappropriate mannernbut not my niece. Do you want her to attract every young ruffian onnthe street?\" \"Let her see whatnit's like here. Let her enjoy being young and carefree, somethingnshe can't do when we get home.\" \"Pray tell what goodnwill it do her? She is already headstrong and this freedom will onlyncause me more grief once we are back in England. And have you evenncontemplated the fact that she might very well not want to return tonher own time after she has experienced this freedom?\" \"Really, Leopold.\" \"I am quite serious. nYou have already told her she can be anything a man can be.\" \"And she can.\" \"Not in her position,nKate. Not in her time. Her situation is nothing like yours.\" \"I just don'tnwant her to think that all there is to life is marriage and a family.n She doesn't have to settle for that. She has choices.\" \"Is this conversationnabout Charlotte, or yourself?\" \"And what is thatnsuppose to mean?\" \"Did you make thenwrong choice, Kate?\" Kate was shocked by hisnquestion. \"I can't believe you just asked me that.\" He did not want tonstart a fight, that wasn't his intention but as usual he spokenbefore he thought. He moved over to one of the racks full ofnbrightly colored tshirts, desperately wanting to change the subject,n\"Charlotte is quite fond of yellow.\" He thumbed through the racknwith his free hand and pulled one out. Kate took a deepnbreath, knowing that it would be just as easy for her to sprout offnsomething to rile him up. She looked at the tag to make sure of thensize, \"That should be fine.\" She took a quick check of the itemsnin his arms, to make sure the kids were taken care of clothes wise. \"nWell, we've made a good dent in the things we need, so maybe wenshould get back to the kids.\" \"I think that is anwise choice at this time.\" Laden down with bagsnthey made the trek back to the apartment, but there was a strainnbetween them that hadn't been there earlier. As they reached thendoor to the apartment, Leopold paused before knocking and turned tonher, \" I was out of line earlier.\" It was always hard for him tonadmit he was wrong. Taking a deep breath he continued, \"You havensacrificed a whole life for me and not many women would go to suchnextremes as you have.\" \"I don't considernit a sacrifice, Leopold. It's the life I chose because I love you.n Yes, there are times when you are stubborn and argumentative and Inwant to get as far away from you as possible, and that's when Inwish I was here. But those moments quickly change when I watch younsooth Emily into a peaceful sleep or the sight of you coming in fromna long ride on Merlin. It still takes my breath away, that I haventhe white knight on the horse always at my beck and call. It's notnwild and exciting but it's wonderful. Our life together isnwonderful.\" He put the bags downnand took her into his arms, \"I needed to hear that, Kate. Therenare times I require that reassurance. Our life has not been asnidyllic as I hoped it would be.\" \"Leopold, nobody'snis.\" \"Well, I suppose if Inmust have an imperfect life than I am extremely grateful I have thatnexistence with you.\" She smiled, \"You donhave a way with words.\" He leaned in to kissnher and the apartment door opened nearly knocking him over. Charlienholding onto a struggling tearful Emily looked slightly embarrassednbut relieved to see them, \"Ooops, sorry. Emily's been at thendoor the last hour, listening for you.\" Leopold took her intonhis arms and the tears soon subsided, \"What am I to do with you,nyoung lady?\" \"Hug me, Papa, hugnme.\" Emily wrapped her tiny arms around his shoulders andnsqueezed. Kate picked up thenbags and moved past them into the room raising her eyebrows. \"I amncompeting with a 3 year old. It's hopeless.\" He followed behind her,nEmily attached, \"Kate, I have this situation under control. Inpromise you that by the time we return to England Emily'snattachment to me will be non existent.\" Kate laughed, \"Indidn't realize we were going to be staying in New York until Emilynturns 21.\" \"Ah, yes, Kate, youncontinue to find this subject amusing when I, on the other hand, amntaking this problem quite seriously.\" She shook her head asnshe sat the bags on the couch and began to empty them. The childrenngathered around her and Leopold stood defeated, he gave Emily'snhair a tousle, \" Emily, darling, do you not have any desire to seenwhat your mother brought you?\" She shook her head, \"Inbusy hugging Papa.\" \"You can hug Papa atnanytime.\" \"Yes. Now. I can hugnPapa now.\" Kate turned backntowards him smiling, \"I can see how seriously you are taking this. nYou really know how to take charge and use your authority. It'snvery impressive.\" Frustrated he sighed,n\"You are her mother.\" She stood up and movednover to them both holding up the outfit she bought Emily, \"Look,nEmily. New clothes for our special trip. Should we try them on fornPapa?\" Emily loosened her gripnon Leopold and eyed the outfit, \"For Papa.\" \"Yes, for Papa.\" She struggled out ofnLeopold's arms and reached for the clothes. Then pulled hernmother's hand towards the bedroom. Charlie watched the whole scenenin awe, \"Wow, she can be a mom. It's amazing.\" Leopold feelingnsomewhat baffled by the ease Kate took over the situation,nstraightened himself up and then smiled at Charlie, \"Yes, and anfine mother she is, Charles.\" Kate just inside thenbedroom door, turned back and smiled at Leopold. Stuart sat in thenlibrary with his papers spread in front of him. He wasn't thenneatest person so there was no order to them and it was often hard tonfind exactly what he was looking for without going through them 2 orn3 times, but today it took one shuffle through until the namenBlackmore sprung out at him and he felt the dread resurface. A few days ago thisnname meant nothing. He only recently come across the information andnwas still in research to find out many of the details but thisnmorning Charlotte had brought it to reality. Before these names hadnbeen just that. Names only. Now he could place names with faces. nInnocent faces and that made everything more difficult for him tongrasp. Now he had thenknowledge that the Blackmore family were acquainted with Kate andnLeopold's family and they were friends. Childhood friends, bestnfriends. It was so much easier when the name meant nothing. It wasnso much easier when his ancestors were back in their own centurynwhere there could be no repercussions and history would go on as itnshould. Now there was the chance that it could change. If thisninformation ever became known to Leopold, it would. He glanced down at thenpaper and looked over it to make sure he had the data correct. Anchild born, out of wedlock, to Emily Mountbatten and Colin Blackmorenin the year 1893. A girl. Emily Mountbatten dies in childbirthnminutes later. Stuart slammed down his fist on the paper. 15 yearsnof age. Emily will die at the age of 15. The same age Charlotte isnright now. The thought of that sweet little girl, the apple ofnLeopold's eye, not reaching her 16th birthday was toonmuch. He could hardly imagine the devastation it would cause thenfamily. There was no way a father, especially one like Leopold, couldnsit by and allow this to happen to the child he adored. Leopoldncould never find out and that meant that Stuart was going to have tonput on a good act. But how? He was useless at hiding anything. Andnhiding anything from Leopold was next to impossible. The mannwouldn't let up when he realized something was being kept from him.n He was stubborn and persistent and had the charm to extractninformation often without one knowing it. Stuart weighed hisnoptions. Columbia's library was open all night. He could stay andncurl up on one of the overstuffed chairs and tell the others he had andeadline and it was unavoidable. They would easily accept the excuse.n Or he could head back and put on the act. Pretend everything wasnfine. How could he? . How could he look at that child againnwithout breaking down? He couldn't do it. Leaning on the desk, henburied his head in the papers. He couldn't go back, not now. Thatnoverstuffed chair was sounding pretty good right now, anything tonavoid facing them tonight. ","Summary":" Charlotte sat on the park bench gazing up at the towering bridge.n All the stories she had been hea"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Taken 3","Author":"isabelcarter02","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9053990","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS[Chapter 2] HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS[Chapter 3] HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS[Chapter 4] HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS[Chapter 5] HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS ","Summary":" HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS[Chapter 2] HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS[Chapter 3] HOME IS WHERE THE HEART"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"you're a hard soul to save with an ocean in the way","Author":"Some Enchanted Evening","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11148543","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I had a few people ask me if I was going to write fic after the third movie, which, let's be real, ended on a total downer and therefore wasn't a huge inspiration. So my reaction was to stick my fingers in my ears and go 'LA LA LA LA LA' and write an AU where we don't kill off one of our three main characters. Please ignore all the improbability and hand-waving that is involved in making this happen. Hopefully you'll enjoy the ride anyway! Title is taken from Florence and the Machine. Disclaimer: I don't own anything you see, as per the usual. Like all women, Lenore has pictured her daughter's wedding since Kim was a little girl. Also like most women, she suspects, her imaginings do not match up to the reality at all. She hadn't thought that her baby would have a baby of her own, dressed in a flower girl dress wider than she is tall. And she'd expected it to be a bigger affair, thinking they would have to accommodate three sets of extended family – hers, Bryan's, and Stuart's. That list, in the end, had been cut dramatically, and not just Stuart's relatives. When one's very life is on trial, being nitpicked and critiqued for all the world to see, friends and family feel more than welcome to share their opinions, no matter how unsavory they may be. It isn't the way Lenore would have liked to have learned exactly what some of her aunts and cousins thought of her, but at least now she knows. They might have tried to disguise their criticism beneath honeyed tones and concern-laden questions, but their implications had been clear – what had happened to Lenore had been her own fault. There are members of her family in attendance that she could have cut, too – people she hasn't spoken to in years, who surprised Lenore by RSVPing and are now spending the reception gossiping behind cupped hands about the court case and studying Lenore's neck despite the fact that she'd chosen a banded choker necklace to cover her scar. Bryan's family is small to begin with, and his relationships with them had suffered just as surely as his with Lenore and Kim had during his years in the CIA, but there are holes there, as well. Lenore can only imagine what some of them had to say – the notoriously difficult ex-wife, getting her due. (She can only imagine, because Bryan would never tell her.) Kim is happy, though – radiant, glowing, and that at least is exactly as Lenore imagined. And seeing Kim so awash in joy is something that has become rarer in the last few years, making it all the more special. Kim loves being a mother, loves her now-husband, but things have been more difficult in the past few years than any of them had ever imagined. Kim's happiness is contagious, and even Bryan looks better off than Lenore had expected. There had been a moment, when he had been walking her down the aisle, that she had worried that maybe he simply would refuse to let her go. But it would seem she hasn't given him enough credit. He's gotten better, in the last few years, despite all the trials that have come their way. Perhaps being around, being a fixture in her daily life, has made him less desperate to hold on as tightly as he possibly can. Perhaps it's simply that he likes Jimmy – well, as much as Bryan would like any of Kim's boyfriends. Whatever it is, Lenore is glad for a bit of peace. Jimmy's mother had offered to take the baby after the ceremony, to watch her and get her ready for bed up in one of the hotel rooms, but after an hour or two at the reception Lenore wishes she had offered to do so instead. Kim is enjoying herself and that should be enough, but slowly but surely Lenore can feel the tension creeping up her neck, settling into her shoulders. It's nothing new for her, putting on a long dress and painting a smile on her face. Stuart always had some sort of fancy dinner, a gala, a banquet, an entertainment, and she would be at his side like a dutiful wife. She had enjoyed them, at first, a taste of a life she had never expected to have. It had been like playing dress-up, and she had been swept up in the glamour of it all. But soon the shine had worn off, and they had become chores more than anything, full of empty chatter and meaningless small talk. There is that same sort of awkwardness with the guests she speaks to at the reception – they chat about how beautiful the wedding was, what a lovely bride Kim made, how big little Amanda was getting and how precious she had looked in her flower girl dress, and then cast around for any other trivial topics to avoid discussing anything that might be uncomfortable. On the one hand, she's grateful – she's had enough of people prying into her personal life and relationships, but on the other, she's exhausted. At her table, the conversation has moved on without her and she tries her best to smile and pretend to listen, nodding and making hums of agreement when appropriate, while pushing around the remains of the wedding cake on her plate, trying to look busy. A hand lands on her shoulder, brushing the bare skin at the juncture of her neck, and she flinches, startled. She hates it, but she's forever on edge now, on guard, her nerves skating on a razor's edge. \"Hey,\" Bryan says, squeezing her shoulder lightly. Sometimes she hates the way he speaks to her anymore, forever with a soothing tone, like she is a spooked animal that needs calming. He treats her like she's fragile, talks to her like she could shatter at any moment, and she thinks it would make her angry if she didn't know the awful truth that some days, she really is barely holding it together. She can't be angry that he sees her for how she really is, and so she settles for being sad. But today, she's relieved more than anything for the interruption. Bryan's seat is across the room, with Sam and Casey and Bernie, and so they haven't spoken for much of the reception. \"Hey,\" she echoes with a smile. \"Want to dance?\" he asks, tipping his head towards the dance floor before adding with a rueful smile and a self-mocking chuckle, \"Apparently, I'm supposed to let Kim dance with her husband a few times at their wedding.\" \"Sure,\" she hastily agrees, happy for the opportunity to get up, the excuse to leave. She ignores the curious looks of the friends from work that she is sitting with as she takes his hand. She is pretty sure at this point that everyone in their lives thinks their relationship is strange, and they are probably right, but it is what it is, and she relies on whatever it is. Even Kim finds it strange, had questioned Lenore outright about it just a few weeks ago. 'I just don't get why you guys don't give it another try,' she had said. 'It's obviously what you both want.' Lenore had done what she does best, and dodged the question, and changed the subject to something safer, the way she is used to doing. For all the growing up her little girl has done, there are still ways in which Kim is so young . She sees things in such black and white, still, and still doesn't really understand that you can want something, but that doesn't mean it's meant to be. It isn't that she doesn't still think about it, think about him . But there had been her recovery and Kim's pregnancy, and then the trial during which Amanda had been born, bringing with her all the craziness that an infant carries with them into the world…but mostly it is the fact that even when life had settled into a new normal in regards to the new baby, Lenore doesn't think she'll ever be that woman again, the one who sat in Bryan's kitchen and told him what she wanted. Lenore had survived the attack three years ago but that woman had died, and that woman had been the one Bryan had loved. Now…she isn't sure who she is, what she is, only that more often than not she suspects that she is better off alone, that she is meant to be alone. She had been shaken after Istanbul, rocked to her core, but it is an entirely different thing to try and come to terms with the fact that a man she had lived with, a man she had married and loved for years, had tried to have her killed. It is easier to reconcile the idea that strangers in a foreign country had wished her harm, and the whole nightmare had seemed far away when they had returned to sunny Los Angeles. But with Stuart, there are reminders everywhere. She'd left the house, gotten rid of the car, but there's no possible way to simply forget the last decade of her life. And with every reminder comes the realization anew that not only had her husband betrayed her in the worst possible way, but she had betrayed herself, for thinking she knew him, for thinking she knew anything . She hadn't wanted to be married to Stuart anymore, that much had been true. She hadn't been in love with him anymore, but she had still cared for him, deeply, had still felt her heart crack and fall apart a bit when she came home from Bryan's apartment that night with renewed resolve and told Stuart enough is enough, we need to let this go . She hadn't wanted it to turn ugly, she told him, she hadn't wanted to look back on their marriage with regret. They'd lost their way long ago and it had been time to admit that their paths would never lead back to one another. She thinks about that discussion, about how he had sat silently and then quietly agreed, something that had surprised her after so many months of rebuttals as to why they should give it one more try, give it a little more time. At that point, everything must have been in place, and he would have thought it wouldn't matter in a few days anyway. And then she wonders about the last few troubling years, and wonders if he ever wanted to work it out, or if he simply needed the marriage for his insurance scam. When had he decided to have her killed? Exactly how much of their marriage had been a lie? Bryan's hand at her back brings her back to the present, and she takes the opportunity, at their proximity, to examine him. \"You still clean up pretty well,\" she teases, and she reaches out to smooth the lapel of his tux with light fingertips. Despite the hesitance of her touch, she can still feel his laugh, a low rumble in his chest. \"You too,\" he returns, and he smiles at her before leaning closer, confessing in a whisper, \"I don't know any of this music.\" She snorts in response, taking his free hand, lazily swaying to the music, following the beat easily enough even if the tune isn't familiar. \"Me either,\" she confides. \"Jesus, when did we get so old ?\" Bryan quirks an eyebrow. \"Probably around the time we became grandparents .\" Over his shoulder, she can see Kim dancing with Jimmy, a beaming smile on her face. She doesn't look back at her mother; Lenore wouldn't be surprised if Kim had forgotten anyone else were in the room at all. She's happy for her daughter's happiness but it makes her wistful, too. \"I feel like it was just yesterday we were bringing her home from the hospital. Now she's married and has her own baby. She's really all grown up.\" \"She is,\" Bryan agrees quietly, and there's the same sort of melancholy to his voice, tinged with regret that being around the past six years can't erase – sorrow for the missing years between her birth and adulthood, lost in countries far away. \"It went fast.\" Instinctively, she drops her cheek to press against his shoulder, her face turned against his neck while he absently rubs soothing circles on her back. She'd always liked the way her head had fit there, when they had been married. She'd sprouted like a weed just after she'd turned twelve, and Bryan was the first – and only – man she'd ever been in a relationship with that she had to physically look up at. It still feels the same, to stand with him this way. He still smells the same, that special-occasion-cologne that she used to like so much because it was something that belonged to home, and not to his work. The wave of longing, of sadness, of loneliness comes unbidden, but not entirely unexpected, and she blinks tears back, glad that the lighting is dim, glad that today of all days no one will ask why she's crying. \"You okay?\" Bryan asks gently, and Lenore thinks briefly of how ironic it is that he's the one asking her that, when she knows that he's been dreading this day since the moment Kim was born. She wants to tell him then, about the call she'd gotten from her lawyer, the unwelcome news he had to offer. It's been weighing on her all day, and is probably part of why she's so restless on a day that should be happy. \"I'm fine,\" she replies instead, lifting her head back up, smiling but not quite meeting his eye despite the fact that she can feel him scrutinizing her. \"You know. Just a big day.\" \"Yeah…\" he answers, in a tone that suggests he isn't wholly convinced. But he lets the subject drop, he gives her space. That's one thing Bryan has always been good at, giving her space. Sometimes she feels like there isn't much keeping her tethered anymore. She loves him. She's always loved him, even in the years that those feelings were buried deep beneath anger and resentment and frustration, but she is pretty sure that their time is over. If ever there was a second chance for them, they missed it. Life is like that, sometimes. She doesn't remember much of what happened three years ago, something that is probably a blessing to her but had proved a curse to everyone else involved in the case. She remembers the text from Bryan (or not from Bryan, she would find out much later), and driving out to meet him, wondering all the while why he picked such a strange, isolated place. She remembers walking towards the gas station, the feel of being grabbed from behind by strange hands, and then…nothing. Nothing else, until she woke up in the hospital, unable to speak, her throat bandaged. Her faulty memory hadn't prevented Dotzler and his team from plying her with an endless stream of questions, ones that she had to answer in writing while she healed. They had asked a few general questions, do you have any enemies, have you received any strange phone calls or visitors lately , but they had zeroed in on Bryan almost immediately. How was their relationship, why was she going to meet him, why had he chosen somewhere so off the beaten path? And then, the questions had grown much more personal. Why had they gotten divorced. Was he ever violent towards her. Was she afraid of him. They hadn't liked her answers. The picture they painted had not resembled the man she knew at all; it had been as though they were trying to put a puzzle together using the wrong pieces. Lenore had been as certain of his innocence as the detectives – except, perhaps Dotzler who had seemed more pensive from the start – were of his guilt. She didn't have any answers or explanations to offer them as to why Bryan wanted her to meet him at that gas station or how she ended up in his apartment, something that frustrated her at least as much as it frustrated them, but the idea that Bryan would hurt her had been insane, and she had told them as much. Of course, she had thought the same about Stuart when the life insurance policy had surfaced, and they had changed their focus. She had been convinced everything would tie back to their troubles in Paris and Istanbul, right up until the moment that she had found out who had really sent her that text message, to get her to that gas station. Sometimes, she wishes she had the opportunity to confront him, although she can't even begin to imagine what she would say. Stuart had visited her in the hospital, before the police had turned their attentions on him, playing the part of the concerned, devoted husband. And she had been grateful for his friendship, for his company, especially when he had agreed – however reluctantly – that the culprit was far more likely to be an enemy of Bryan's than Bryan himself. The next time she saw him, after learning the truth, had been in court. She hadn't spoken to him, then, and had simply watched him play that same part as he had in the hospital, resting his hands on the edge of the stand so his wedding band glinted in the overhead lights. It had reminded her of why the last few years of their marriage had been so miserable – she never had known what to expect from him, when he showed her one face and then turned on a dime. It had been a battleground built on psychological warfare: changing the bank PINs and house alarms, clearing and closing accounts, cancelling their reservations in China…all had been calculated to unnerve and unbalance her. It had been no wonder, then, that he could so easily hide his financial troubles from her, that she hadn't known about the huge debt he owed…or how he planned to pay it. Sometimes she wonders if she should have confronted him, if it would have given her some closure, made things a little easier. But most days, she simply hopes she'll never have to see him again. The glass doors at the back of the ballroom lead out to a wide patio. It's still Los Angeles, so the air can't exactly be called fresh, but it's private and cool out now that the sun has set, and it's nice to have some quiet for a few minutes, leaning against the railing, a glass of wine resting on the ledge. It's quiet enough that she hears the footsteps approaching, and so she isn't completely surprised when she feels a tux jacket being draped over her bare shoulders. She's warm enough without it, but the gesture is appreciated. Bryan leans against the railing beside her, his forearms extended and hands lightly clasped. For a long moment, they look over the rolling hills in silence until he finally asks again, quietly, \"Want to tell me what's bothering you?\" She shouldn't. It isn't normal, or probably even healthy, to rely on an ex-husband to act as a confidante. But she's an only child with parents who have both passed, and her circle of friends had largely consisted of friends to her and Stuart both, who had melted into the woodwork when things had gotten ugly. She refuses to burden Kim with her worries, and so the sad truth of it is that she simply doesn't have many other choices, of who to talk to. She simply doesn't have that many people who would care . \"Stuart is up for parole in a few weeks,\" she says quietly, sharing the thought that's been nagging at her all day – in truth, since she got the news. She hates that she's casting such a grim shadow over the day's festivities, hates that she is yet again using Bryan as a shoulder to lean on, but when he looks at her with such concern, it always seems to pour out of her like a tidal wave. How many times during their marriage had she longed to be looked at that way, as though she was the only thing he saw? Of course it leaves her weak now when she already feels so isolated, eager to confide, desperate for intimacy. \"And I'm sure he's been a model of good behavior.\" She looks down at her glass of wine, twisting the stem between her fingers, watching the liquid swirl. \"I don't know what to do,\" she confesses rawly. \"My lawyer suggests a restraining order, but that involves giving him information on exactly where I live now so he knows where he's supposed to stay away from. And I keep thinking about Kim, and the baby…\" her voice cracks in the middle, and she raises the glass to her lips. Bryan's fingers brush against her wrist, but he doesn't speak. She looks down at his thumb pressed against her pulse point, and thinks about it stopping. She clears her throat. \"You know,\" she starts, \"even….when we first got divorced, and I was so angry at you, I still…I worried about you, while you were at work. I wanted you to be okay.\" A self-mocking smile tugs at the corners of her lips, free from mirth. \"What kind of wife was I that my own husband wanted me dead?\" \"No,\" Bryan swiftly corrects. \"This wasn't your fault, Lenny, none of it was your fault.\" \"He was angry because he thought we were having an affair,\" she points out. \"We weren't.\" \"Because you have more honor than that,\" she reminds him wryly. \"I would have, if you had let me.\" His fingers slip forward, gripping hers between them, and he looks at her for a long moment. She can practically see the words tumbling around in his head, and finally he settles on, quietly, \"It doesn't matter. It still doesn't excuse what he did.\" His grasp tightens. \"I don't want you to worry, though. I'm not going to let anything happen to you, or to Kim or the baby.\" Rather than comfort her, the promise makes her stomach sink. \"Bryan, don't do anything that's going to get you arrested,\" she pleads. Charges against him in her case might have been dropped, but the LAPD had been more than piqued at the trouble that Bryan had caused in the meantime, and she has little doubt that they keep regular tabs on him – maybe all of them – now. \"Don't worry,\" he assures her again, and she doesn't feel better at all. It feels as though they're teetering on the edge of disaster again, and all she wants to do is retreat until her back is against the wall. She looks over her shoulder, back through the ballroom. The group is thinning; Kim and Jimmy are nowhere to be seen. Sam, Casey, and Bernie hover inconspicuously by the door, obviously waiting for Bryan while trying to give them the illusion of privacy. \"Looks like things are wrapping up,\" she observes. \"Your friends are waiting for you.\" He nods absently. \"You coming in?\" \"In a minute,\" she promises, and she sees him hesitate. \"No, really, I'm fine,\" she adds. \"I told Kim I'd take the baby overnight tonight. Jimmy's mother's had her all day. I should head upstairs anyway.\" \"Okay,\" Bryan agrees, and shakes his head when she shimmies his jacket off her shoulders. \"Hold onto it. I'll get it back later.\" He pushes off the railing, but doesn't immediately release her hand. \"You were a good wife, Lenny,\" he tells her quietly. He draws her fingers to his lips, pressing a light kiss against her knuckles. \"I should know.\" He lets go, and his footsteps fade until she hears the small click of the door closing behind him. She's glad, then, that she still has his jacket – suddenly the night seems colder; the silence, deafening. When she goes to get Amanda, she finds Kim there in her now mother-in-law's room, still in her wedding dress with her sleeping daughter curled up in her lap. \"I wanted to kiss her good night,\" she whispers, and she presses what is undoubtedly not the first kiss against her smooth little forehead. Watching the two of them together makes Lenore's heart swell, and she leans down to scoop Amanda up. \"I'll take her,\" she says quietly. Amanda whines softly as she is lifted before settling willingly enough on Lenore's shoulder, her thumb sneaking into her mouth. She's in her footie pajamas and she's obviously had a bath, and Lenore can't help but put her nose against her hair to inhale the clean baby smell of her. It's been a long time since Kim was this small, but Lenore remembers every moment of it. Amanda's nearly three now and heavy in her arms, growing every day. Kim stands, her dress rustling, and Lenore reaches out with her free hand to cup under her daughter's chin. For all the flack that she's given Bryan over the years for being unable to accept Kim growing up, at times Lenore can hardly believe it herself. \"You make the most beautiful bride in the world,\" she says softly, and Kim's smile grows. \"Thanks,\" she says, and she smoothes Amanda's hair off her face, and it's startling at times just how much of a mother Kim has become. \"But you might be the tiniest bit biased.\" \"It's a fact,\" she argues with a wistful smile. \"You're happy, though? You had a good day?\" \"Yeah,\" Kim says softly, and one look at her face lets Lenore know it's true. \"I'm happy.\" Hearing that, and knowing that, is as good as breathing hope into the room. It reminds Lenore that of all the wrong turns she's taken, at some point she's made some good choices too, to have a daughter like Kim. And if Kim can take the horrors of the last few years and turn them into joy, maybe things aren't as dark as they seem. Maybe the worst is finally behind them all. Right now, 'maybe' is enough – 'maybe' is everything. A/N: There is definitely going to be at least a Part 2 – beyond that, I'm not sure, but Part 2 is already underway, so stay tuned! And despite the hopeful-ish tone of the ending, we're about to take a turn into darker territories, so just be warned about that. Please take the time to leave a comment if you enjoyed. Thanks in advance![Chapter 2] She had never wanted to see Stuart again, and if she is honest with herself, she never thought she actually would. Because if there is anything that she learned from this entire experience, it is that Stuart St. John is first and foremost a coward. Now that he's been released from prison, it would be in his best interest to avoid her at all costs, even as she continues to toy with the benefits and drawbacks of taking out a legal restraining order. And Stuart is, it would seem, always looking out for his best interests, above anyone or anything else. She had never wanted to see him again, and she thought she never would. She has a gun now. She isn't thrilled about it, because she watches Amanda twice a week and now that she's a toddler, she's into everything , but Lenore keeps it in a locked drawer and keeps the key on her person, just so there's no chance of the baby finding it and managing to open the drawer. She may not love the idea, but she's also never lived alone before in her life. She had gone right from college to being married to Bryan, and in those early days his times away had been much less frequent than they would eventually grow to be. By the time he would be gone for months at a time, Kim had been born, and after they divorced, she always had her daughter in the house. And then she had married Stuart, and so while she's had nights – even weeks – alone before, the fact that there is no one else who will eventually come home is something completely new to her. Bryan got it for her, showed her how to use it. \"I thought it might make you feel better,\" he had explained, and while his concern had been touching, it had just reminded her how different they are at times. Bryan finds solace in the weight of the revolver, trusts in the decisiveness of a bullet to put things right again, and never thinks that things may be more complicated. But there is a chance that maybe Bryan has a point. When the knock comes at her door, she assumes it must be Jimmy. Lenore had babysat Amanda that day, and Jimmy had picked her up about an hour ago, and so she thinks he must have forgotten something and doubled back to get it. The last person she expects to see at her door is Stuart St. John. She takes an instinctive step back, at the sight of him. Her hand catches the door, to slam it shut, but his foot quickly catches over the landing, jamming it open. She thinks he says something to her. Can we talk or we should talk or I can explain or something along those lines. She can't be sure, because her blood is pounding in her ears, her heart in her throat, and because she's already whirling away, tearing through the apartment. She doesn't remember taking out the key, opening the drawer, but she must, because suddenly the gun is in her hands, and he is still trying to talk to her. As though there were anything he could say that she would want to hear, as though there were anything that could be said. Perhaps Bryan is right, after all, because she squeezes the trigger once – it hits his shoulder and he yelps and looks at her while he grabs at the spot, shocked and stunned – and then twice, and he falls when this shot lands on his chest. And then Stuart is on the floor and his eyes are still open but seeing nothing, and it really had been that simple – one shot, and then two, and now he's gone from her life forever. The relief washes over her like a wave, a few moments of bliss, a break in her terror until it returns with a vengeance as the gravity of what she's done hits her. Her arm falls to her side, the weight of the gun feeling impossible to bear at the moment, and for a long moment, she simply stops and stares, and waits for the world to end. The world keeps spinning, and she's still there, still alive, even if Stuart isn't. It's silent. It's too quiet, and she gasps, greedily sucking in air. Her head spins anyway, and she sways in her spot. She grabs the doorway between the kitchen and the living room to keep herself from falling, and she watches her knuckles turn white from her desperate grasp. The police. She has to call the police, or an ambulance even if Stuart's glassy staring eyes tell her it's too late for that…she has to call someone … Her cell phone is on the kitchen table, and she picks it up, and dials. \"Hey,\" Bryan greets warmly, and she doesn't even realize she's called him until he answers. She can hear the low murmur of the television in the background, the sizzle of something cooking on the stove, the idle buzz of life. \"What's up?\" \"Bryan,\" she starts, and her voice sounds strangled to her own ears, barely able to escape around the lump in her throat. It's only when she says his name that she realizes how badly she needs him there, that he is the only person in the world who might be able to set this to rights. \"Bryan,\" she repeats, and tears spring to her eyes. \"Something's…happened.\" He pauses, and the other side of the line goes quiet – he's moved away, or muted the television, but either way she can practically feel him zeroing in. \"What is it?\" he asks, his voice direct, cutting through the silence like the slice of a knife. \"Is everyone all right?\" No, she thinks, no, everyone is not all right and I don't know what to do, oh god. \"Can you come over here, please?\" She can't quite keep her voice from trembling, but she's impressed at how calm she sounds, otherwise. \"Yeah,\" he agrees immediately, and she can hear the rustles on the other end of the line, can practically see him grabbing a jacket, his keys, to hustle out the door. \"Be right there.\" She'd feel guilty for worrying him, if all her guilt already hadn't been spent elsewhere. Lenore hears the knock on the door, and she's paralyzed, sitting on the kitchen floor. She knows it must be Bryan, but there's that tiny part of her brain, what if it's not , and while she doesn't think it could get any worse than it already is, she doesn't know how she'd explain the body in the entryway to her apartment. The knock comes again, and she swallows hard, waiting. The door is still unlocked, and she hears it open. \"Lenny?\" Bryan's voice comes from the front door. Answer , she orders herself. Answer. She licks her dry lips, but can't seem to muster a sound. She hears his footsteps start, as he comes into the apartment, and then stop again, and her heart seizes in their absence as she knows what he's discovered, what's caused him to pause. \"Lenny!\" he calls again, sharper this time, louder. There's an edge to his voice now, something that sounds a bit like fear. \"In here,\" she calls weakly, finally managing to find her voice. She sees his shoes first, worn sneakers that look yellow against the white tile of her kitchen. She stares at them, unable to draw her eye up. \"Lenny?\" Bryan asks, softly, cautiously. \"Are you hurt?\" Silently, she manages to shake her head. \"I killed him,\" she rasps. \"I killed him.\" She doesn't realize she's still holding the gun until Bryan slowly kneels beside her and pries it from her trembling fingers. She doesn't realize she's crying until he sets it a few feet away and pulls her over against his shoulder, and she feels how damp his shirt gets where her face is buried against it. And then she holds on for dear life. She isn't sure how long they sit there, how long he lets her sob against him, his hand at the back of her head, before he pulls back and cups her face in his hands. \"Okay,\" he says, and there is a steely note to his voice that's become all too familiar lately, one that never heralds good things. His hands are steady on her damp cheeks, while she still shakes all over, as though she could fly apart in a thousand directions. \"It's going to be okay. Try and pull it together, Lenny.\" She nods, and tries to focus on other things, the way her therapist had suggested in the first few months after the attack when she had been constantly plagued by nightmares. She counts her breaths, and the seconds inbetween. She recounts the morning in her mind, when she took Amanda to the park and pushed her in the baby seat on the swing, and the sounds of her laughter had been all Lenore could hear. She tries to think of anything, anything to distract her from the fact that Stuart is lying dead in her foyer and how could anything possibly be okay? Bryan stands and she watches as he walks over to her fridge, and pours a glass of orange juice. He eases himself back down on the floor beside her and hands it to her, keeping a steadying hand over hers. \"Here,\" he orders, \"drink this. It'll help.\" It sounds absurd, but she obediently takes a few sips. Whether it is the sugar or the distraction, she feels the shaking in her limbs begin to abate, though the relief is fleeting when the trembling is replaced with the heavy feeling of dread. \"Okay,\" Bryan exhales hard, running a hand through his hair. \"Want to tell me what happened?\" She shakes her head, still stunned. \"There was a knock at the door, and I thought…I thought Jimmy forgot something when he was picking up Amanda, but when I opened the door, there he was.\" Her eyes sting, and furiously, she blinks the tears back as her voice wavers. \"I…I didn't even know what was happening until it was over. It all happened so quickly. I don't even remember getting the gun. One minute he was standing there, and the next…\" \"Did he call you and say he was coming over here? Or contact you in any other way? Text, email…\" \"No!\" she cries out, dismayed at the thought. \"I don't even know how he found out where I live. I don't…\" her breath catches, and she takes another sip of the juice to distract herself. \"I don't know what he was doing here. What was he even doing here?\" \"I don't know,\" Bryan answers, as though she had really expected an answer from him, as though she isn't just talking in circles, trying to keep up with her mind sprinting ahead a thousand miles an hour. He turns, going to stand in the doorway of her kitchen, looking for a long moment at the body that is mercifully just out of Lenore's range of sight. His sharp gaze doesn't waver, not even when he reaches into the pocket of his jeans and pulls out his cell phone. \"Who are you calling?\" she asks, her voice sharp with panic. The police , she thinks wildly, despite knowing that Bryan would never do such a thing. Despite knowing that he should, because she doesn't have the courage to do so herself. \"Sam,\" Bryan answers as he puts his cell phone to his ear. \"We're going to need help.\" If Sam is surprised to be called to his closest friend's ex-wife's apartment, he doesn't show it on his face. But nor does he look surprised at the body on the floor, and Lenore thinks that it's probably just that after so many years in the CIA, he's a master at not letting his emotions show on his face. \"Well,\" is all he says at first, and he nudges the body with his foot. His lip curls the slightest bit, a show of disgust, and Lenore is reminded of the months of therapy that Sam had to undertake to regain full range of motion in his arm. Stuart's plan might have been simple to start – kill the wife, get the insurance money, save his ass – but like a stone thrown in the water, it sent ripples and touched – harmed – so many more people than Lenore could have ever imagined. \"That didn't take long.\" He's looking at Bryan. \"He didn't do this,\" Lenore says, her voice swaying. \"I did it.\" They're heavy words, ones that could pull her down forever, me, I did this, it was me. Sam's brow furrows briefly as his gaze alights upon her now, but otherwise his expression does not change. He nods slowly, processing this new bit of information, and suddenly, Lenore feels terrible that he is here at all, that he's been dragged into this mess. She's always liked Sam, he's always been nice to her. Bernie and Casey had been polite at the wedding, but she knows they don't like her very much – they had liked her well enough as Bryan's wife, but not as his ex, and she understands that. Sam, though, the one who had been most caught in the crossfire of the mess her life had become, had been kinder. But she doesn't kid herself – Sam is here because Bryan called him, and Bryan is here because Lenore asked him to come. She's dragging them both down with her because she's too much of a coward to face this alone, and not for the first time, she wishes she were a braver woman. \"I'm sorry,\" she says, the words rushing from her. \"This was a mistake. Bryan shouldn't have called you. I shouldn't have called Bryan . I…\" she breaks off, because the only thing left is to admit what she should have done in the first place – call the police. Take her punishment. And she still isn't strong enough for that. She's still hoping that there's some other way that this all could turn out, desperately trying to find the path that won't just lead to the same end – with her in handcuffs. Bryan too, most likely at this point. Maybe Sam. And that's her fault. \"Hey, Lenny, you did the right thing,\" Sam tells her soothingly. \"It's going to be all right,\" he adds, echoing Bryan's words from earlier. They don't sound any more convincing coming from him. Less so, even, as they stand over the body of a man she had killed. \"We have to get rid of it,\" Bryan says bluntly, and it's startling, hearing him use it instead of him , meaning the body instead of Stuart , and yet strangely comforting as well. It makes it easier to detach, makes it seem less real. At least until she focuses on the rest of his sentence, and then she blurts out, \"What?\" at the same time that Sam agrees, as easily and casually as if he were agreeing to a round of golf or where to grab dinner. They both look at her. \"Bryan,\" she says, still trying to wrap her mind around what he's said, and at the same time…fighting down that little voice in her head, that nags her and asks her if this isn't what she wanted, if she hadn't called Bryan hoping that he could just make the whole problem…go away. \"We can't just…cover this up.\" \"It isn't as tough as you'd think,\" Sam remarks mildly. \"And there have been other people we've had to make…disappear, before.\" \"Criminals and terrorists,\" she points out. Sam shrugs. \"He was a criminal, too. And a stupid one, to show up here.\" \"You want to call the police?\" Bryan asks, and he pulls his cell phone out of his pocket, offering it out to her. \"Want to go to jail, because of him? Go ahead. But I'm not going to do it for you.\" She stares at the phone, but she makes no move to take it from him. She knows he's only even offering it out in the first place because he knows she won't call his bluff. \"I don't want that,\" she whispers. Bleakly, she stares at the body on the floor, and she thinks to herself that even if they do this, she'll never forget the sight. Perhaps that will be her penance – maybe she can lie to herself that it is enough. Bryan nods, puts the phone back in his pocket. \"He deserved it,\" he tells her vehemently, and Lenore wishes she could be as certain as he is. \"You didn't do anything wrong, Lenny. You were defending yourself, in your own home.\" \"Be that as it may, we're still going to need a few supplies,\" Sam says, rubbing his hands together vigorously – a man ready for his work. There is something very methodological in the way that Bryan and Sam work. Clinical. Unsettlingly so. They're calm, almost casual – to them, it is just one person, one body. Something manageable. It's only her world that is rocked, again split into a before and after. Just like after Paris, just like after Istanbul – every year, it feels like her life is cut into thinner and thinner pieces, and she wonders if it might one day just slip away like ribbons. Maybe it's because she's always been good at compartmentalizing, that she finds their demeanor so surprising. She's always known the sort of work that Bryan did, during his years with the CIA, but she knew in a vague, abstract sort of way. Bryan always kept quiet on the seedier details, and that had been just fine by her. She had known the man he was – the man he is – at home, with his family, and that had been all that mattered to her. She knew dozens of men died, in Paris, and then in Istanbul, and she hadn't cared. They had been evil men with ill intentions and she had thought they deserved what they got. And is Stuart so different, then? Sam and Bryan find no gun, no weapon on his body, but that hadn't been Stuart's way the first time, either. He preferred others to do his dirty work. Surely he knew that seeking her out would be the worst possible decision he could make. Maybe then, he had orchestrated his own end. Somehow, though, she doubts the police would have seen it that way. 'Shoot first, ask questions later' might be a philosophy Bryan and his friends believed in, but the law says differently. Jesus, she just wants to be left alone. The things that Sam brings back with him, the practiced way they wrap and bag the body – the things they think of, like taking his wallet and keys first – they're all stark reminders of the sort of work Bryan and his friends did regularly during their tenure in the CIA. She never thought she'd need him to use those skills of his, and yet he's had to time and time again. It's ironic, when she's the one who had asked him to leave his job, at the very end of their marriage. It had been a hail mary, a desperate attempt to salvage their relationship. You have to choose , she'd told him, and he'd walked away, choosing. And if he'd chosen their marriage, their family, all those years ago, all three of them would probably be dead by now. Somehow, that realization doesn't make it hurt less, but more – even all these years later. Some wounds, it would seem, never heal. Unconsciously, her hand flutters up to her neck, her fingers running lightly over the scar that runs across her throat. When the body is wrapped in black plastic bags, it's easy to forget who it is, or even that it is a body at all. \"Grab the other end,\" Bryan tells Sam, and the body's so thoroughly wrapped that Lenore can't even tell who has the head and who has the feet. \"We'll put it in my trunk. Take it to the pier. Lenny,\" he says, directing her now, \"get the door.\" The pier is quiet and deserted by the time they reach it, a steady drizzle having chased even the most ardent of beach lingerers indoors. The waves lap lazily at the shoreline, and beyond that, the ocean is an endless sea of black. Suddenly, she understand why Sam said it is easier than she'd think to make someone disappear. It seems all too possible that someone could simply vanish, into all that vastness, all that darkness. Bryan throws the car into park by the docks, and for a long moment they sit in silence, the quiet only broken by the steady swish of the windshield wipers. \"We'll have to borrow a boat,\" Sam says from the backseat. \"We can't dump it right by the pier, it has to go out aways. By the morning the current'll have carried it halfway to Europe.\" He speaks softly, even though the empty span before them is the only witness to what they're about to do. \"Right,\" Bryan replies, squinting to see through the rain. Lenore can see him scanning the docks, looking for a suitable candidate, before he turns to her. \"Wait here,\" he instructs. \"No,\" she instinctively replies, bristling a bit. \"This is my fault in the first place, I'm not going to just 'wait here.'\" In truth, that is only half the reason – she's afraid, as well, to remain in the car alone in the dark, knowing what Bryan and Sam would be doing, knowing they could be discovered at any moment. It seems only right, seems like the safest choice, that they should continue along this path together. \"Besides….we don't have to borrow someone else's boat. Stuart has a boat at this dock.\" Bryan stares at her for a long moment. In the darkness, his eyes are shadowed, the lines of his face sharpened. Unintimidated, she doesn't look away. \"Fine,\" he relents, but when she reaches for the door handle, he catches her wrist, stopping her. She flinches, instinctively, and his grip loosens, his thumb pressing soothingly against the thin skin over her pulse point. \"That's the last time you're going to say it was your fault,\" he says seriously, and for a moment, she thinks he's going to give her some ridiculous speech as to why she is innocent, as though she hadn't pulled the trigger of her own volition. But his warning has a different meaning. \"He was on parole, which means he has to check in with a parole officer. So we don't have very long before the police come sniffing around. The moment we get back into this car, we don't know what happened to Stuart St. John. You haven't seen him or spoken to him since the trial. You can't talk about it with anyone – not even Kim. Okay?\" Lenore swallows hard, and nods. She's a terrible liar, always has been, but apparently she will have to get better at it, and quickly. Good enough to fool her own daughter, if Kim happened to ask questions. \"Come on,\" Sam says quietly, opening his door. \"Let's do this fast.\" She leads the way down the pier, where the boats are docked all in a line, while Sam and Bryan follow, carrying their cargo between them. Stuart's speedboat is small but sleek, and the lack of dust makes Lenore suspect that he'd taken it for a spin or two between when he'd been released and when he'd shown up at her front door. The thought of Stuart going about his life makes the guilt swell in her stomach again for a moment, until she turns her mind to how callously he had tried to snuff her life out. She only hopes he keeps the key in the same spot – and he does, under the floormat by the driver's seat. She remembers when he bought this boat, six or seven years ago. Things had just started to sour between them, and Stuart's instinct had been to throw money at the problem, to hope that some extravagance would ease their marital discord. It hadn't worked, but she'd liked learning how to drive the boat, the feel of the wind whipping through her hair. And often after they would fight, Stuart would storm away from the house and come home smelling of saltwater, so it would seem it had served as a retreat for him, too. It's almost poignant. He'd loved this boat, and now it would see him to the bottom of the sea, hopefully for good. \"Careful,\" Bryan warns when she sits in the driver's seat, puts her hands on the steering wheel. It's been a long time – years – but her muscle memory comes back quickly enough. \"We can't leave anything behind.\" They're wearing gloves, Bryan and Sam, but she isn't. \"You two be careful. I was his wife,\" she reminds him. \"They'd expect to find my fingerprints here.\" \"You know how to drive it?\" Sam asks. She nods. \"Though I've never had to do it at night…in the dark.\" \"You'll be fine,\" Bryan tells her, and with a grunt of effort, he starts to crank in the anchor. \"Start it,\" he orders, and with the turn of the key, the engine roars to life, loud enough that Lenore is certain someone will come to investigate. But no one comes. Even if someone were to hear, this is Los Angeles, a city full of nosy citizens desperate to know but not to intervene. A late night boat ride might stir some curiosity, but if it does, it will likely be forgotten by the morning. The waves slap loudly against the front of the boat, and Lenore's stomach rises and falls in time, until they've passed the point where the water is breaking. \"Keep going,\" Sam urges, and her heart beats rapidly in her chest. It's nearly pitch black, and the shoreline is an ever receding stretch of tiny pinpricks of light. The rain falls harder, stinging her face and making it even harder to see, and so she continues to just hold the wheel steady, racing into nowhere. How different it is, she thinks, than the trips they used to take when Stuart first got this boat, when they had been surrounded by nothing but blue skies and clear water and endless sunshine, and she had thought, foolishly, that maybe things would be all right after all. It feels as though hours have passed before Bryan finally tells her, \"This should be far enough, Lenny.\" She can barely see him when she kills the engine. He and Sam are both just dark outlines against a starless sky. The waves slap against the boat, sending it rocking back and forth as Sam bends over the bag on the floor, and though Lenore's never had a problem with seasickness before, for a moment she thinks she might throw up. This is it, she thinks to herself. This is the last moment, the very last chance to turn back. She stays quiet, and watches as Sam slips something – it is too dark to tell what – in the bag, in with the body. It clangs against the bottom of the boat, the heavy thud of metal. \"Where'd that come from?\" Bryan asks quietly. \"The rabbit hole,\" Sam answers. \"They won't be able to trace it.\" He straightens up. \"Ready?\" Lenore can't tell if Sam is looking at her or at Bryan, but she feels compelled to answer. \"Yes,\" she says, her voice small but certain. It's wrong. They're wrong, to be doing what they're doing. But Stuart had been wrong first. The body barely makes a sound when Bryan and Sam tip it overboard, the splash muffled by the tapping of the rain against the water's surface. She leans over the edge, but there is nothing to see – it is swallowed up by the blackness in an instant, the weight of whatever Sam had slipped inside the bag carrying it down, down to the ocean floor, hopefully to never be found. A shudder passes through her body, and her fingers curl around the edge of the boat. She stares down at the sea, her head bowed as the rain soaks over her hair, drips down her face. She feels guilty, the weight of what they've done sitting like a rock in her stomach, so heavy and solid that she feels she could close her fist around it if she tried. She feels afraid, knowing that the police will certainly question her just by virtue of who she is, what she had been to Stuart, what he had done to her. But most overwhelmingly, she feels – shamefully, blissfully – relieved. They drive back to her apartment in silence, each lost in their own thoughts. Later they will have to talk but there isn't much, at this point, to say. The rain slows, and then stops, and the windshield wipers squeak until Bryan belatedly, distractedly, turns them off. She waits to feel some sort of grief, she waits to cry. She's always been, unfortunately, prone to tears, and not just in extreme situations such as this. She's the type who cries when she sees an animal dead by the side of the road, who cries at those Sarah MacLauchlan commercials and Hallmark 'home for the holidays' spots. Surely she would cry now, surely a small bit of her heart is not just afraid, not just horrified, but devastated to have hurt – killed - someone that she once loved. Nothing comes, and that disturbs her more than almost anything else this evening. Her therapist asked her once, what she thought drew her to 'this type' of men. Dangerous men, had been the implication, angry men who hurt others. At the time, Lenore had been insulted, at the notion that Bryan and Stuart were the same 'type' of person, at the suggestion that she intentionally sought out danger. Now, though, she wonders if there isn't a darkness in her that looks for that same darkness in other people. Maybe they're all the same 'type' after all. Author's Note : Hopefully Part 3 will not be long in coming! There may be a Part 4, as well. If you enjoyed, please take a moment to leave a review – they really mean the world. Thank you so much![Chapter 3] Three years ago, when she had woken up in the hospital two days after she had been rushed there, it had been Stuart who had told her what had happened, and that Bryan was currently evading arrest for attempted murder. She had immediately jumped to his defense, though the best she could do was put pen to paper as her injury meant that she couldn't yet speak. Bryan would never hurt me , she'd written, and Stuart had smiled wryly. \"You're so sure of that?\" he had asked her. \"After everything he did in Paris and Istanbul? After knowing what he made his career out of? He'd hurt countless people, but not you? How can you know that?\" She hadn't even needed time to think; she'd scratched her pen across the pad of paper, the words cramped in her haste. Because I know him. The look on his face had been inscrutable, and his eyes had looked darker than she'd ever seen them before. He had shaken his head, almost ruefully. \"Maybe you aren't as good of a judge of character as you think,\" he had told her. The apartment is eerily quiet when they return, the humming buzz of silence almost deafening. The blood is waiting for them, smeared across the tile of the foyer, garish red on sparkling white, and numbly Lenore thinks that it is better than the carpet. Silently, the three of them look at the remaining mess before them. \"We have to get rid of his car,\" Sam reminds Bryan quietly. \"We can leave it in one of the seedier neighborhoods with the keys in the ignition and it'll be gone within the hour.\" Bryan pauses, considers, and then nods before putting a hand briefly to Lenore's back. \"I'm going to take the car. Sam'll follow me. Then I'll help you clean this up,\" he tells her, and her heart leaps into her throat, suddenly panicked at the notion of being alone, in the silence, with the blood as her sole companion. \"You're coming back?\" she asks nervously. \"I promise,\" he replies, and if there is one thing that Lenore knows, it's that Bryan does not promise easily because he makes a habit of keeping them. But in the meantime, she's alone in the quiet with the mess on the floor, staring down at the reminder of what she's done. It doesn't seem real. It seems like just another spill, not the blood of a man she had been married to for almost a decade, so her stomach doesn't even turn when she grabs towels from the kitchen and starts cleaning, wiping away the evidence of their guilt. It soaks through the towels, stains her palms, and she pauses, the weight of it all crushing down on her chest and making it hard to breathe. There's so much of it , she thinks wearily, and sitting there by herself it's suddenly all too much. She grabs bleach, and she pours and scrubs and scrubs and scrubs until her hands are raw and she isn't sure what is her blood and what is Stuart's blood. Perhaps it would be a good thing, if she bled a bit on the floor. Just in case. If the police search her place, and it looked as though there were a struggle… Jesus, it's a sick thought. She's a sick person. She puts her head to her knees, trying to breathe, but the chemicals choke her. When the floor is sparkling again and her whole apartment smells like bleach, she leaves the bloody towels in a black trash bag and stumbles into the bathroom. Under the garish overhead lights, she looks pale and frightening, clothing stained with blood and dirt and heavy with salt air and seawater and rain. They'll have to go in the bag with the bloody towels, to be gotten rid of quickly and far away. There are threads everywhere, tying them to the crime, and despite their care Lenore cannot help but think one will come back to strangle them. She turns the faucet of the shower, and sits on the closed toilet seat to wait for the water to warm up. But even as the room fills with steam, she's rendered paralyzed, her head cradled in her hands, her elbows resting on her knees, as she takes deep, steadying breaths. Stuart is dead, and she feels freed and trapped at the same time. Stuart is dead, and somehow she is both sorry for what she did and not sorry at all. The only thing she is certain of is that she is going to be caught, that despite Bryan and Sam's care, it will unravel and she'll spend the rest of her life in prison. She doesn't have friends in high places, the way Stuart did, and she can't imagine that she'll be let off with a slap on the wrist the way he had been. Not when a steady stream of ill luck seems to have been following her – their entire family – for the last eight years. There's no way they'll get away with it. There is a knock on the door, and her head snaps up, startled from her thoughts. \"Lenny?\" she hears Bryan's voice from the other side, slightly muffled through the wood. \"Come in,\" she answers, and the knob turns. He opens the door, and he looks surprised to see her there, sitting on the closed toilet seat, still fully dressed in her damp and dirty clothes. He's clean and changed, wearing a plain grey button up and a fresh pair of jeans, and she wonders how long she's been sitting there, that he had time to get rid of the car and then go home and shower before returning. He has the black trash bag in his hand, and he holds it up. \"For your clothes,\" he explains, and she nods briefly, drawing her lip between her teeth. He hesitates at the doorway, obviously torn between leaving to give her privacy and coming inside. Finally he crosses the threshold, closing the door behind him and tossing the bag on the floor. He slowly kneels down in front of her, his hands resting on the seat on either side of her legs, not touching and yet steadying all the same. \"You didn't have to clean the foyer on your own. I would have helped you,\" he says quietly. \"I know,\" she replies softly. She focuses her gaze on the wall behind him, just to the left of his head, unable to meet his eye. \"I didn't want to look at it anymore.\" \"Hey,\" he says. His thumb brushes her knee lightly, just beside a dark stain on her jeans. She isn't sure if it's oil from the boat or blood from her floor, and her stomach flip flops. \"Look at me, Lenny.\" Reluctantly she drags her eyes to his. \"It's going to be okay,\" he tells her, and he's looking at her so earnestly that it would be all too easy to believe him, to fall into the comfort of his honesty and certainty. But she doesn't remember the last time things really, truly turned out all right – there are breaks in the storm, but the last few years have been a hurricane that they've barely weathered. And this, she suspects, may be the final breaking point. She glances down at her hands, clenched in fists in her lap to try and quell the trembling in her fingers, trying to still the tremors that send her whole body quivering. It's as long each nerve ending has a mind of its own, vibrating in time to the rapid beating of her heart. \"Then why can't I stop shaking?\" she asks. Bryan puts a hand on top of hers, gently working her clasped fist open to lace their fingers together. His grip is steady as a rock, his face calm and voice even, as though nothing has happened at all. \"It's just adrenaline,\" he explains. \"It'll pass.\" \"I never thought I would…kill someone,\" she whispers. She keeps her eyes on their entwined hands, running her thumb absently over the back of his hand, swallowing hard around the lump in her throat that seems to threaten to choke her. \"I never thought I'd have it in me. I don't even know who I am anymore. I feel less and less like me every year.\" With his free hand, he reaches out and cups beneath her chin, forcing her gaze upward. It's hard to look at him, at those blue eyes that seem to pierce right through her. She's too raw, frayed at the edges, and all she wants to do is look away. All she wants to do is run away, to stay where she is, to hide beneath the blankets and never come out. She wants to be alone, she wants to beg him to stay. She doesn't know what the hell she wants, because it's everything and nothing all at the same time. \"We've all changed,\" he tells her. \"We've had to. But your family still knows who you are. This doesn't define you.\" The corner of his lip quirks up in a hint of a self-deprecating smile. \"Take it from someone who's had to ask that question a lot.\" She nods, taking a deep breath and releasing it with a shudder. \"Will you stay here tonight?\" she whispers, blinking tears from her lashes. \"I don't want to be alone.\" She doesn't realize how true that is, until she says it out loud. It's ironic, that she once thought she was better off alone, and now the idea terrifies her. What would she have done, if she truly were alone in the world and had no one to call after she fired that gun? For all that she's felt adrift, isolated, for the last few years, she hadn't hesitated to pick up that phone. She had known that Bryan, of course, would come. \"I can do that,\" he replies quietly, and her heart swells with relief. \"Thank you,\" she says, her voice wavering, and she puts a hand to his cheek, feeling the prickle of stubble beneath her fingertips. Her hands smell of bleach and there is blood in the grooves of her knuckles, but she feels the way he leans into her touch regardless, his fingers gently encircling her wrist near his jawline in silent acknowledgment. \"I'll let you get cleaned up,\" he says softly, but she doesn't pull her hand back and he doesn't move from his spot on the floor. She traces the lines of his face absently – the creases at the corners of his eyes, the lines at his mouth, all reminders of the time that's passed, how old they've gotten. She's known him now for longer than she's not known him. There are years and years of history between them – together, apart, and whatever strange pattern they've fallen into now, forever too close and holding each other at arm's length at the same time. It's exhausting. But it's almost impossible to think that it could ever be different, when she's felt in such stasis the last three years, just muddling through day after day to try and make it to the other side. She survived that day three years ago, but sometimes she wonders if she might as well have died, for all that she's lived since then. Stuart is dead now, dragged down to the bottom of the ocean, but somehow she still feels like he won, like he stole something precious and irreplaceable from her. Her heart is still beating but sometimes she feels as though he did kill her, that she's a ghost, a silent observer as the world keeps spinning around her. \"Do you ever still think about us?\" She asks suddenly, the words spilling from her almost beyond her control. Her eyes burn, and Bryan's face swims before her. She blinks hard, and her voice wavers. \"Do you ever think about me?\" His brow furrows, obviously surprised at the abruptness of her question. Gently, he pulls her hand away from his face to hold it between both his hands, his grip warm. \"Of course I do,\" he tells her softly. \"I feel like we waited years for the timing to be right. Or at least better. But I don't think that's ever going to happen,\" she whispers, voice raw. He winces a bit, almost imperceptibly, but his hand goes to her jaw, thumb brushing against her cheek, and it's only when he swipes a tear away that she realizes she's crying again, and that just makes the tears fall faster. \"Okay…\" he says slowly, and he wipes at her cheek again. \"It's okay. You don't have to cry.\" The tenderness in his voice, in his touch, is enough to make her heart hurt, and she shakes her head. \"No, I meant…I don't want to wait anymore. I don't think there is going to ever be a better time. Ever since this…\" she touches the scar at her neck lightly, her thumb brushing against the raised ridge, \"time's just felt borrowed.\" Her voice catches, \"And I'm tired…I'm so tired of not feeling. Of telling myself it's better that way. I just don't want it to be too late. For me. For us.\" Bryan is silent for a long moment, his thumb sliding from her cheek to brush against her lips, and for a moment, she thinks she's pushed too far, asked too much. After what happened to her, they had never revisited their conversation in his kitchen, and maybe she had been right in thinking that they had waited too long, that their chance had passed them by. \"I'm sorry,\" she starts, instinctively backtracking, her voice still thick. \"No,\" he interrupts, his voice soft. \"No, no, don't be sorry.\" \"it's all right if you don't…want the same thing, anymore,\" she rushes to add. \"It's been a long time, I know. And a lot has happened.\" \"No, it isn't that,\" he replies. He huffs out a breath, his eyebrows raising before he adds empathetically, \"Believe me, it isn't that.\" He gently pushes her hair, knotted and damp as it is, behind her ear. \"But a lot's…happened, tonight. And I don't want to…take advantage.\" She laughs, the sound catching in her throat around the lingering tears. \"I called you tonight to ask you to help me move a body. I think it could be argued that I'm the one taking advantage.\" She puts her hand to her mouth, horrified. \"I can't believe I just said that. I can't believe I made a joke about what happened,\" she murmurs, almost more to herself than to him. \"What the hell is wrong with me?\" The corner of Bryan's mouth turns up slightly, a hint of a wistful smile. \"You're coping,\" he explains, his thumb still running absently over her cheek, \"however you can.\" He leans towards her, and she meets him halfway, and he kisses her softly, sweetly, briefly, before resting his forehead against hers. \"It isn't too late,\" he assures her. \"But this doesn't feel like the best way to start off.\" He's right. She knows he's right, and yet it stings anyway, like an electric shock to her raw edges, and she nods, but instinctively draws back, dropping her gaze to the floor. \"It never is,\" she says quietly, ruefully, and he winces. \"Lenny…\" he starts, and this time she shakes her head. \"It's fine,\" she says, giving him a faint smile. \"I'm fine. I know you're right.\" She stands up, and he rises from the floor, still looking uncertain – still looking at her with concern. \"I'm going to hop in the shower now,\" she tells him. Suddenly the room feels too small, too claustrophobic, and she just needs a moment to herself. He holds her gaze for a long moment, but ultimately he listens and leaves, because that has always been the sort of person he is. She wonders how she can feel so close to him one moment, and the next feel as though there are miles between them they will never bridge. She steps into the shower, and watches as the water slowly washes her clean. She wakes up alone in bed in the next morning, exhausted and disorientated. Every muscle in her body aches, almost as though she has the flu, and for a moment she debates about just staying in bed. Maybe if she stays long enough, this whole matter will disappear, and Stuart will be forgotten completely. If only things were that easy. The shades are drawn over the window, casting the room in darkness despite the fact that her alarm clock reads just after eight in the morning. As she sits up, the last vestiges of the nightmares that had plagued her the night before tease at the corners of her mind. She's no stranger to bad dreams, but this one had been new, different – and not in the way she had expected. She hadn't dreamed about the weight of the revolver in her hand, or the rock of the boat beneath her feet. Instead, she had dreamt of a van. Of a van, and the rough bump of the road beneath her, and her hands bound behind her back. And of how she had thought if she could just reach her cell phone in her pocket, she could call someone – the police, Bryan, anyone – and things would be all right. And then they had found her phone, and taken it from her, laughing. She had dreamt of strange faces, and of the slow-creeping realization that if they hadn't bothered to blindfold her, it was because they knew she wouldn't survive long enough to later identify them. It's hard to breathe, then, her throat constricting with residual panic, and she pushes the sheets away almost violently, swinging her legs off the mattress and crossing to the window, throwing open the shades and lifting the glass. The air outside is hot and thick with humidity, but the sunlight is enough to help return her heartrate to normal, her breathing ragged but slowing. It was just a dream , she tells herself, even knowing at the same time that it hadn't been. Her fingers go to her neck, brushing over the scar at her throat and settling against her pulse point, feeling it thump steadily against her fingertips. You're alive , she thinks, and that, at least, is true. It's strange, how utterly normal her apartment looks. The foyer is pristine, the black trashbags from the night before are missing. The windows are thrown open and the smell of bleach has faded in the morning breeze. She can hear the sound of plates clinking in the kitchen, and it's the first time in a long time that strange, unexpected noises have brought her anything other than panic. Belting her robe over her nightgown, she follows the sounds to find Bryan cooking something on the stove, his clothes rumpled from having slept in them the night before. She can feel any residual hurt or awkwardness from the night before wash away with a rush of relief at finding him still there. \"Hi,\" she says softly, leaning against the doorway. He turns quickly, his face brightening, eyebrows lifting. \"Hey,\" he replies, and she wanders into the kitchen to sit at the table. He comes to sit beside her, sliding a cup of coffee against the table to her. She accepts it with a grateful, if weary smile, wrapping her hands around it, feeling the warmth soak into her palms. They sit in silence for a long moment, but it's a comfortable sort of quiet, one that makes her want to fall back asleep. \"You look tired,\" he says finally, quietly. His fingertips brush against her knuckles, as though unsure if his touch would be welcome. She turns her hand on the counter so that her palm is facing up, and his fingers lace familiarly through hers. \"Yeah,\" she agrees on an exhale. \"I, um, didn't sleep very well.\" She hesitates, uncertain if she should continue or leave it be. Certainly there is a myriad of reasons she wouldn't have slept well the night before, but as always, she finds herself wanting to confide in him. \"I think…I think I'm starting to remember things,\" she starts uncertainly, and Bryan frowns, obviously puzzled. \"Remembering…what things?\" he asks, and she looks down at her coffee, distracting herself with stirring a scoop of sugar in. It tastes bitter, regardless. \"What happened to me,\" she finally confesses quietly. \"Things from after I got to the gas station that night.\" He exhales heavily, and his fingers close around hers, holding tight. \"Do you want to…talk about it?\" he asks uncertainly, and she avoids his gaze while she shakes her head, not wanting to see the concern there. \"No,\" she replies softly, and she chances a look at his face. \"I don't want to remember anything,\" she confesses rawly. \"I used to hate not knowing, but now…\" He smiles sadly at her. \"I don't want you to, either,\" he agrees, and they lapse back into silence – heavier now, weighted down by bad memories. \"I made some eggs, if you're hungry,\" he finally adds awkwardly, nodding towards the stove. \"No,\" she replies, and she takes a slow sip of her coffee instead. \"Thank you. I didn't wake up with much of an appetite.\" He lets out a huff of a laugh, one that sounds like more of a sigh than anything resembling amusement. \"I can understand that,\" he answers, sounding as though he is speaking more to himself than to her. But then he looks at her closely, studying her face, and she resists the urge to look away. \"Why don't you come over for dinner tonight?\" Bryan suggests. \"I'll call Kim and Jimmy, we can fire up the grill.\" Her natural inclination has always been to decline, to keep herself apart rather than intrude. But it hasn't worked for her thus far, and she's so tired of being alone. \"Okay,\" she says softly. \"That sounds nice.\" His face breaks into a smile when she acquiesces, and he squeezes her hand. \"I have the bags in my car, to get rid of,\" he tells her quietly. \"Will you be okay if I head out?\" The idea of being left alone is less terrifying in the light of day, with the sunshine streaming through the windows. \"I'll be fine,\" she says honestly, and he leans over, kissing her warmly on the cheek. \"You will,\" he agrees. \"You're okay, Lenny. Try and get some rest,\" he adds, running his thumb over the back of her hand before releasing it. Rest, she finds, is easier said than done, and just before noon she decides to go for a run, hoping that if she wears out her body, maybe she'll exhaust her mind as well, enough that she'll be able to catch up on a bit of sleep before dinner. But when she steps outside, sneakers laced and headphones draped over her neck, there is a white box waiting on her front step. She pauses and cautiously, as though she expects something to leap out at her, she brings it inside to put on the kitchen table, and pulls back the tape to open it. She pulls a vase out, filled to bursting with peach roses – some closer to yellow, some closer to red, all beautiful – her favorite, in fact, all the colors of the sunset. The vase is crystal, and the sunlight coming through the window catches on it and sends rainbows dancing over her counter. And she is frozen in horror at the sight. Stuart had often bought her flowers. He had bought them for Kim, too – daisies and sunflowers and tulips, but he'd always bought the roses for Lenore, always from the same floral shop. She's angry at herself, that she didn't immediately recognize the box – but then, Stuart had usually brought the flowers home with him; deliveries had been saved for when he had been away on business. With trembling fingers, she plucks the card from among the buds and opens it, her heart thudding erratically against her chest. There is only one line written on the card, but that alone is enough to make her stomach heave and her knees buckle so that she collapses into the chair. ' To new beginnings – S.' It's like seeing a ghost from beyond the grave, and before she knows what she's doing, she's torn the card into pieces, as though she could erase it so easily. But the message is forever imprinted on her mind, just waiting for her to close her eyes, a cruel twist of fate on a morning when she had been feeling almost hopeful. Her hands are shaking as the pieces slip through her fingers, falling to the table like snowflakes. You're okay, she reminds herself, putting a hand to her heart, feeling it race against her palm. She's alive and Stuart's dead and no reminders can change that. And slowly, as her panic begins to abate, it is replaced with a white hot anger. Had he really thought it would be so simple? Had prison warped his mind so completely that he had thought she would ever want to hear from him again, much less think that she would ever forgive him? She had been shocked to discover how little she had turned out to even know Stuart, but now she is further stunned to see how little he had known her, in turn. She's always been good at holding a grudge, and this is by far the most justified one of her life. There's at least two dozen roses, and the vase probably cost a pretty penny, too. She wonders why the hell he would think sending lavish gifts would help his case, when money had been the root of his scheme to kill her in the first place. Where is he even getting the cash for such a purchase, without her generous life insurance policy at his disposal? The vase is in her hands next, and fueled by her anger, she lifts it over her head and then brings her hands down hard, watching it shatter on the hard tile of her floor. On the ground, the shards of crystal twinkle like diamonds, and she has to look away. It is at Bryan's apartment three weeks later that the news report comes on the television. Lenore and Kim are cleaning up the kitchen when a familiar face catches her eye on the television in the other room. Lenore drops the sponge she's holding, moving closer to listen as they show Stuart's picture, as the newscaster reads on in a drone how he is a former businessman, released recently from prison, at large but not considered a public threat. Of course he wouldn't be considered a public threat – just a private one, just to their family. She stares at the television, and Stuart's picture stares back at her. The news report makes it sound like a parole violation, not a missing person case and certainly not a murder, but the fact of the matter is that other people know now that something is amiss. Certainly once the police started to investigate, they would realize… \"Are you okay, Mom?\" Kim asks, her voice laden with concern. \"You look really pale.\" Suddenly, all the eyes on the room are on her. Only Amanda is oblivious, methodically taking Cheerios out of her little cup one at a time and lining them up on the coffee table. Lenore touches the back of her hand to her cheek; her skin feels cool and clammy. \"I'm fine,\" she says, and her voice sounds strangled and unconvincing even to her own ears. She forces a small smile, though it feels more like a grimace. \"It's just…you know. Bad memories.\" Jimmy nods distractedly, turning his attention back to the television as the story changes to local sports, but Kim doesn't look away, a frown tugging at the corners of her lips. Lenore instead looks away, avoiding her daughter's piercing gaze – one that at the moment, she'd swear Kim inherited directly from her father. \"No use worrying about it,\" Lenore says with forced cheer, and she pivots on her heel, heading back to the kitchen. To her chagrin, Kim follows, silently taking her place beside Lenore at the sink. \"I hope he's dead,\" she says vehemently, and instinctively, Lenore flinches at just how close she's hit to the truth of the matter. \"I don't care what's happened to him either way,\" she replies, trying to keep her voice light and breezy, and failing miserably at the attempt. She can feel Kim's eyes on her again, burning into the side of her face, as though she could read all of her secrets there. \"I feel like you're keeping something from me,\" Kim says quietly, and Lenore ducks her head, letting her long hair fall in front of her face as she bends back over the sink. She doesn't respond for a long moment, and so Kim continues, her voice wistful. \"You know, Dad was gone so much when I was growing up, for a long time it was just you and me. You always told me we'd never have secrets from each other.\" That alone is almost enough to crack Lenore; it cuts right through to her heart. It is only when she hears the baby laugh from the other room that she remembers why it's so important to keep Kim free and clear of this mess, and she forces a smile on her face. \"Honey, everything is fine. I promise,\" she says, but her voice doesn't sound convincing even to her own ears. \"Is it Dad?\" Kim asks, lowering her voice to a near whisper. \"Did he have something to do with…\" \"I don't know what you're talking about,\" Lenore cuts her off, more brusquely than she intended. Kim sighs, grabbing the dish towel to continue drying. \"Fine,\" she says, letting the subject drop. \"But just so you know, Mom, you've never been a good liar.\" Kim is quiet and distant for the rest of the evening, and Lenore catches her watching her at several points throughout the evening, as though she expects to see the truth written on her face if she just looks hard enough. When Kim and Jimmy get ready to leave with a sleepy Amanda, Kim looks at her mother with disappointed eyes, and Lenore realizes how much harder it will be to keep such a secret from her daughter than she initially thought. Her first priority is still to keep Kim and her little family safe and clear of this whole mess, but she hadn't thought that her daughter would suss out the truth so quickly – that Lenore knows more than she is letting on. All she can do now is hope that Kim lets it go, but her daughter has always been as stubborn as she and Bryan both. No sooner than the door has closed behind them but the next hour of local news starts, and Stuart's picture flashes on the screen again. Silently, Bryan grabs the remote and flicks the television off, and they look at each other for a long moment. \"What do we do?\" she asks finally, in a hushed tone. She sinks down to sit on the couch, her legs suddenly feeling too weak to support her. \"Nothing,\" Bryan replies immediately, firmly, sitting beside her so he can look her in the eye. \"We do nothing.\" She rubs her arms absently, trying to smooth down the goosepimples that have raised on her skin. Doing nothing might be their only option, but it feels an awful lot like they are waiting for the teeth of the trap of snap around them. And she's so tired of waiting, of feeling at the mercy of circumstances beyond their control. \"It's, um, getting late. I should go, too,\" she says, but she doesn't rise from her seat, doesn't make a move to gather her things. \"Don't go,\" Bryan protests. He holds up the half-empty bottle of wine on the coffee table with a rueful smile. \"Help me finish this. I think we both need it.\" He reaches over, putting his hand on top of hers. \"Stay,\" he repeats, more seriously now, and then adds hastily, \"if you want to.\" She smiles back faintly, and pushes her empty glass across the coffee table. \"Kim asked me if you had anything to do with Stuart's disappearance,\" she says in a hushed tone as he pours her some wine, as though their daughter might be listening just outside the door. He raises his eyebrows briefly but then shrugs with a bit of a sigh. \"She won't be the last,\" he predicts, and he empties the rest of the bottle into his own glass. \"If it's made it to the news, I'm surprised the police haven't already come knocking on my door.\" She swallows hard. She hadn't even considered the fact that the police would likely look at Bryan before they even looked at her, and she had pulled him into her mess regardless. \"I shouldn't have dragged you into this,\" she murmurs. A new thought occurs to her, and her stomach rolls. \"Jesus, Bryan, you put the body in your car . If they get a warrant…\" \"It won't come to that,\" he assures her. \"Not without a body, without a murder weapon. And if it does…we'll handle it as it comes.\" \"We shouldn't have to handle it,\" she snaps, frustrated at herself and overwhelmed by what she's caused with her lack of foresight. \"I should have to handle it. This is my fault. It was my fault .\" Her fault, yes, that Stuart is dead, but more than that, her fault that Bryan could be implicated at all. \"Would you stop with that?\" he snaps back, his voice laden with frustration. \"It doesn't matter, Lenny. You didn't pull me into this.\" He smiles, a bit darkly, and asks challengingly, \"Do you really think I wouldn't have taken care of him, if he hadn't shown up that night? You were never going to have to do this on your own.\" His tone softens slightly. \"You aren't alone in this, Lenny. You never were.\" \"You did it on purpose,\" she realizes, thinking back to that night and morning – the body, the gun, the trash bags of bloody clothes and towels, realizing that of course Bryan didn't take them on oversight. She feels stupid for even thinking that he might have, when everything else had been so calculated, so practiced. She doesn't know if that makes her feel better or worse, if she wants to hit him or kiss him. She settles for the latter, her hand fisting in the front of his shirt, so that she can feel the beat of his heart against her knuckles, her other hand going to his jaw. He kisses her back, and the hesitance she had felt the last two times she had kissed him is missing, his lips soft and warm against hers. She pulls him closer, hand slipping from the front of his shirt around his side, beneath his arm, to rest on his back, and he draws away briefly, his fingertips brushing over her lips. \"Wait,\" he starts, and she feels something inside her crack. If he doesn't want me now, he never will , she thinks angrily, and she tries to keep the hurt from her face, to keep some small semblance of her pride. \"Jesus, Bryan,\" she says, her voice heavy with frustration as she pulls back. \"I can't do this anymore. I don't want to 'wait' anymore. I've been…all I've been doing for the last five years is just waiting. Waiting to feel something again, waiting to feel like I'm moving and not just treading water. I don't want to wait anymore.\" Bryan hesitates, his brow furrowing. \"Err…\" he start awkwardly, \"I just meant…\" He leans over and puts the wine glass he had been holding in his hand down on the table, and Lenore feels her face flush red. She covers her face with her hands. \"Well,\" she says, the sound muffled against her palms, her cheeks hot to the touch, \"this is embarrassing.\" She hears him chuckle softly, and then he pulls her hands away, holding them between his own. \"You were right,\" he tells her softly. \"There might never be a good time. But at least there's time at all.\" His fingers stroke over the back of her hands. \"I didn't meant to hurt you,\" he adds seriously, and she knows he is referring not to the misunderstanding tonight, but their conversation a few weeks ago, that awful night. \"I know,\" she says, and even as she says it, she realizes how ridiculous it is that he should have to say that at all. Their road has been anything but an easy one, and there's been plenty of hurt on both sides, but she knows Bryan would never intentionally hurt her. And as she's learned in recent years, there are very few people in her life that she can say that about. \"I know,\" she repeats again, more fiercely this time, and she leans in to kiss him again. His hands, free now, slip around her and she marvels at how easy it feels, how natural, how familiar even after all these years. There's something about it that feels like coming home after a long time away. His lips brush her jaw, drop to her shoulder, and a spark of desire flares low in her belly. It's something she hasn't felt in so long that she almost doesn't recognize it at first, but more than that, it's thrilling. Yet she flinches back instinctively when his lips move to her neck and brush against the scar at her throat, and he pulls away, his eyes full of concern. \"I'm sorry,\" she says, embarrassed at her skittishness, at the reminder that things will never be completely normal, that she still doesn't feel comfortable in her own skin. Bryan shakes his head, \" I'm sorry,\" he corrects, and she puts a hand to the nape of his neck when he kisses her softly on the mouth again, her fingers brushing the ends of his hair. \"Stay here tonight,\" he suggests quietly, the words a breath against the corner of her mouth. His fingers slip beneath the hem of her blouse, resting warmly on the small of her back, and she closes her eyes. She turns her face and smiles softly against his neck, feeling the beat of his pulse against her lips. \"I can do that,\" she answers, echoing his response to her same request a few weeks ago. She's surprised, a bit, at how easy it is to acquiesce, to finally take a step over that line they've spent years toeing. But maybe it is beyond time to admit that they're already in over their heads. Part 4 will be forthcoming! I've given up trying to predict how many parts this will end up being. It turned out bigger than I expected. XD Comments are greatly appreciated and loved! Thanks in advance and thanks for reading![Chapter 4] With no new information to offer the public, Stuart's disappearance fades from the evening news, but Lenore learns all too quickly that though the local media has moved on, it is not forgotten in the eyes of the LAPD. Bryan is wrong, and they come for her first. Truthfully, they don't come so much for her as to her, but that distinction doesn't do much to calm her nerves when she finds Inspector Dotzler on the other side of her door, another officer that she does not recognize at his side, and a polite smile on his face. \"Ms. St. John,\" he says, inclining his head slightly in greeting. \"I'm sorry to stop by unexpectedly. But I have a few questions I was hoping you could help me out with.\" She doesn't move, and she doesn't speak, her hand frozen on the door, and Dotzler raises his eyebrows. \"May I come in?\" he asks after a long beat. In, she thinks, and she tries to breathe – in is a good sign, it must be a good sign. He wants to ask her questions but surely if he suspected something, he would have asked her down to the station, rather than question her in her apartment. \"Yes, yes, of course,\" she says, her voice strained with the effort to seem light and unaffected, and she stands aside to let the inspector and his partner in. She sits on one couch and they sit on the other, the coffee table between them, and even if it technically isn't, it certainly feels like the start of an interrogation, the battle lines drawn. She looks across at them, sitting side by side, and she can't help but feel outnumbered, already out of her depth. She wishes desperately that Bryan were there. Dotzler leans forward, his elbows on his knees, and looks at her. His eyes remind her of Bryan's – not in color, but in the way that they seem to look right through people, as though they could tell her every secret at a glance. Piercing eyes, but pensive, too. She'd liked him, at least as much as she'd liked any of the detectives swarming around her three years ago, trying to unravel a mess that she couldn't even remember. He had struck her as smarter, more analytical than all the others who had taken one glance at the scenario – ex-wife found with her throat cut in her ex-husband's bed – and hadn't bothered to look any further, assuming Bryan's guilt at face value. God, she wishes any other detective had been put on this case. If any of the other buffoons she had encountered had been put in charge, she expects they would have looked at Stuart's history and shrugged their shoulders and called it a day. Certainly Stuart had made a number of enemies in his dirty business dealings, enemies he could not repay without her life insurance policy. It doesn't matter that Malankov is dead; in those types of organizations, when one head is cut off three more take its place. \"We're sorry to bother you at home,\" Dotzler starts, and his voice is kind, soothing, the way he had spoken to her back in the hospital, and she doesn't know if that's a good sign or if she's being lulled into a false sense of security. \"And we're even more sorry to dredge up things I'm sure you'd rather leave in the past. But I'm sure you've heard by now that Stuart St. John is missing.\" Lenore looks down at her hands. Even now, three years later, it's still odd to see them bare, without the engagement and wedding bands. She folds them neatly in her lap, hoping they'll take her discomfort as normal given the subject. \"The news report said that he'd violated his parole.\" There – that had been true and therefore had come easily enough, and she decides the best way to lie is by omission. Perhaps then she can get away with it. Dotzler exchanges a glance with the officer at his side, and her heart skips a beat, trying to decipher what such a look could mean. She squeezes her hands into fists, and she can feel her palms sweat- we've only just begun and they already have me a wreck , she thinks angrily. \"We don't believe that to be the case any longer,\" Dotzler replies finally, and she can tell he's choosing his words carefully. It's as though they are starting a chess match, and Lenore has always been a hopeless player. \"There are no sightings, his family says he hasn't contacted them, and his credit cards are untouched. At this point, we're considering it a missing person's case.\" He falls silent, and for a long moment, the only sound that breaks the terse silence is the steady clicking of the clock on the wall. \"Ms. St. John,\" he finally starts again, and Lenore can feel his gaze on her, but she keeps her eyes on her hands, certain that her face will betray her. \"Have you heard from your husband since his release?\" At that, her eyes snap up. \" Ex -husband,\" she clarifies, and the iciness in her voice surprises even her. \"And I use my maiden name now. I don't go by St. John anymore.\" To his credit, Dotzler looks sheepish, embarrassed, and he winces. \"My apologies,\" he says, his voice gentle, and it's that tone that leads her to think that perhaps whatever his purpose in coming here, it isn't because he suspects her. He's remorseful; he hadn't been trying to get a rise out of her. \"Ms…?\" \"Thompson. But just Lenore is fine,\" she answers, and she feels some of the tension in her shoulders relax, her hands unfurl and rest open-palmed against her knees. \"And no, I haven't heard from him. Why would I?\" The two detectives across from her exchange a look, and Dotzler opens a folder in his lap. \"Well, it would seem that in the weeks before he disappeared, he was very interested in speaking with you.\" He hands the documents over, and Lenore's stomach sinks as she flips through them, her fingers trembling as they trace over the pages. There's a long email chain back and forth, between Stuart and a private investigator he had obviously employed. She had wondered, of course, how Stuart had found her, but she hadn't really stopped to think about it. There are copies of documentation – her new car registration, her address highlighted at the top, a snapshot of her getting into the car in front of her apartment building. In the photo she's looking in the opposite direction, completely unaware she's being followed, and it makes her sick, makes the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. Absently she raises a hand to smooth them down, and she's unable to repress a little shudder of horror. For a moment, she's flung three years in the past, and the worst is knowing that her fears haven't been unfounded in all this time inbetween. Will it ever be over ? she wonders, and she bows her head, her hair falling like a curtain on either side of her face. \"The last charge on his credit card was a flower arrangement to be delivered here,\" Dotzler tells her gently. \"Did you receive it?\" \"No,\" she says, the lie flying out of her mouth before she can think the better of it, and she watches the two detectives seated across from her exchange doubtful looks. \"I mean….I did, but I didn't know…I wasn't sure where they came from,\" she corrects herself weakly, but the damage is already done. She watches as Dotzler sits back against the cushions of the couch, his fingers toying with a rubber band around his wrist before he steeples them and fixes her with a steady gaze. \"I have to wonder why you didn't get a restraining order,\" he says bluntly. \"First your ex-husband is released from prison, then you get a package in the mail from him. Why not take the precaution?\" \"For a restraining order, I'd have to tell him where I lived, and that was something I'd rather not do,\" she snaps in return, bristling a bit at the unspoken accusation. \"Not that it seems to have made a difference in the end.\" He raises an eyebrow. \"And you didn't think that alone was a reason to call the police? That it might be relevant information?\" Lenore falls silent, flushed and nervous, but Dotzler does not push further. The clock ticks loudly in the background but her heart seems to pound even harder in her chest. She drums her fingers against her knee in time, her body a restless ball of energy. \"But then, I guess after that messy investigation three years ago, the police wouldn't be the first ones you'd think of,\" he allows softly, and she looks up, puzzled that he would offer her such an out. But he does not leave her wondering for long; it's quickly obvious what sort of trap he is laying when he adds casually – too casually, \"You and Mr. Mills, do you still speak often?\" Of course , she thinks, furious at the insinuation, of course they think yet again that it all comes back to Bryan . \"He has nothing to do with this!\" she bursts out, her guilt making her anger all the more volatile. \"But please, drag his name through the mud a second time, that's obviously the fairest thing to do.\" He smiles wanly, and Lenore feels as though she's fallen right into the waiting trap. \"I'll take that as a yes, then. And believe me, no one is interested in dragging anyone through the mud,\" Dotzler counters softly, leaning forward and fixing her with his honest gaze. \"And between you and me, if something did happen to Stuart St. John, I don't consider it a great tragedy. But passing that sort of judgement isn't my job, deciphering the facts is my job. So you can see why, given your history, I would have a few questions for both you and Mr. Mills.\" Lenore takes a deep breath, releasing it on a shudder, trying to keep her voice and face composed. \"I don't know what happened to Stuart,\" she says – she lies, lies, lies, \"and I don't care.\" That, at least, she reassures herself, is the truth, perhaps more than anything else she's said. No matter how they might have been, once, he had turned into someone she couldn't recognize. She hadn't wanted to kill him, but she couldn't deny even to herself that knowing that he is gone is a relief. Dotzler looks down at his notebook, his lips pursed in thought before he looks back up at her. \"Can you tell me why your address was on the GPS history of his car?\" She can't stop her sharp intake of breath, and she prays that Dotzler didn't hear it. They found the car , she thinks hazily, and she can hear the blood pounding in her ears as she desperately tries to remember what, if anything, they had left in Stuart's car that terrible night, if anything even more damning than his GPS history could lead back to them. They found the car . \"I…I don't know,\" she says, and her voice comes out as a nervous squeak. She clears her throat, tries to regain her composure. \"I…well…from what you've shown me, he was following me…\" she gestures to the photos on the table, pointing only briefly before folding her trembling hands back in her lap. There is an intensity in Dotzler's eyes that frightens her, and she realizes with a sinking feeling that she hasn't convinced him, hasn't fooled him. He can tell just by looking at her face that she isn't telling everything she knows and now he's left to determine how best to trip her up. \"Are you sure about that?\" he asks her quietly, still with that undertone of sympathy. \"He sent you flowers, are you sure he didn't approach you, try and patch things up?\" \"No!\" she exclaims, but her voice is high-pitched and panicky. She clutches the cushions of the couch on either side of her legs, as though that will keep her anchored, despite the fact that all she wants to do is run away. \"It isn't too hard to imagine how that would play out,\" he adds, as though she hasn't spoken at all, and all she can do is stare, trying desperately to think of a rebuttal that won't sound so paper thin. How is it, she wonders, that Bryan finds this sort of thing so very easy, when for her it is next to impossible? She looks away, as though that will make it easier, but she can feel Dotzler's gaze bright on her face. She is saved by the scrape of a key in the lock and the turn of the doorknob. \"Mom?\" Lenore hears Kim call from the door as she lets herself in, as per her usual custom. She has Amanda on her hip and her bag slung over her other shoulder, and she freezes in the entryway when she realizes that her mother is not alone. Lenore watches as her eyes narrow as she studies and processes the scene before her – the detectives seated on the couch, the papers spread across the coffee table. \"What's going on?\" Grateful for the distraction, Lenore nearly leaps up from the couch, crossing to Kim and taking Amanda into her arms. \"These detectives had a few questions,\" she says, settling the toddler on her hip before shooting Dotzler a pointed look. \"But they were just about finished.\" Dotzler looks briefly surprised, and then his lips curl up in a knowing smirk at his abrupt dismissal, but gamely, he begins to gather his things. \"Yes, I think we've taken enough of your time,\" he says, and Lenore feels a rush of relief wash over her as he snaps his notebook shut. She had gotten too defensive, too nervous, but perhaps it had still been enough to send him looking in another direction… Her relief is short lived when he clarifies, \"For today, that is. If you could stop by the station tomorrow to make a statement on record, that would be greatly appreciated.\" There's nothing she wants to do more than call Bryan, to see if the police had spoken to him, to confess to her own terrible performance, but she resists the impulse. If things progress further, and her phone records are dumped, the last thing she wants is an immediate, panicked call to the person the police are lining up beside her as their most likely suspect. Instead, she forces herself to sit and compose herself. She's able to tell Kim the conversation as it occurred exactly, simply omitting the fact that she had blatantly lied to the police, and if her tone of voice is shaken, Kim doesn't think to question it. But then, her daughter is too full of righteous indignation on behalf of her parents to study Lenore's reaction too closely. For all the ways Kim reminds Lenore of Bryan at times, when Kim is angry she is all her mother – vocal, overbrimming, blustering. \"Who cares what the hell happened to him?\" she declares furiously, her eyes flashing, and Lenore is reminded of how badly Kim was wronged by her stepfather, as well. It's almost impossible to remember that things had been good, once, between the three of them. Kim had liked her stepfather and Stuart had doted on Kim – he had never liked babies or toddlers but a well-mannered little girl had been perfectly fine in his books. When Kim had vanished in Paris, Stuart had been so worried, so eager to help. If Lenore still finds it difficult to believe that he had tried to kill her, she finds it equally hard to swallow that he had threatened Kim. That's the part that she thinks she'll never find peace with – she's Kim's mother, she's supposed to protect her, and she had inadvertently led this danger right to their door. \"They're just doing their job, I suppose,\" Lenore answers, trying to sound disinterested, detached, but her voice sounding strained instead. Amanda squirms in her arms, eager to get down and play, and Lenore releases her, taking the opportunity to drop her eyes and thus avoid her daughter's gaze. \"He was a criminal. The police should be thanking whoever wiped him off the map,\" Kim replies flatly. Lenore looks up again, taking in the grim, hard expression on Kim's face. For not the first nor the last time, she's tempted to confess the truth. Kim had been right, a few weeks ago, when she had said that the two of them had never really had secrets. Not from each other. The heaviness of that pushes down on her chest as much as the weight of her guilt. Kim raises her eyebrows just a fraction, as though she is waiting for something, but the words stick in Lenore's throat. It's all she can do, at this point, to protect Kim when she's failed so miserably before. To drag Bryan into her mess is one thing – their child is quite another. When Lenore doesn't respond, Kim looks down at her own daughter, who has toddled over to Kim's bag and plopped herself down on her behind, rooting through the bag in search of a toy or a snack. \"At the very least, they did this family a favor,\" Kim adds. Lenore avoids calling all day, and instead later that evening she drives herself to Bryan's place. She lets herself in to the apartment, shutting the door quietly behind her and leaning against it for support. \"Hey,\" she hears Bryan call from the kitchen – she isn't expected, but she and Kim are the only two who would let themselves in, the only ones with keys. Though she returns his greeting, she doesn't move, as though her feet have grown roots. When she doesn't approach, he comes to find her, his face creased in curiosity. Upon seeing her expression, he doesn't even ask her what happened. \"Sit down,\" he encourages, taking her elbow and gesturing towards the couch. \"You look like you need a drink.\" He pours her a glass of wine, and even as she accepts it, she mutters, \"Got anything stronger?\" She pinches the bridge of her nose, feeling a headache starting just behind her eyes, and she takes a sip, savoring the bitter liquid on her tongue. He sits down beside her, patting her knee briefly in comfort and then leaving his hand there familiarly. \"What's going on?\" he asks, and she looks down at her glass. \"The police came to my apartment today. Inspector Dotzler, to be exact,\" she says quietly, and she can feel him straighten beside her, can feel his gaze on her grow scrutinizing as his demeanor shifts. \"And?\" Bryan prompts, his voice even. \"And I…\" her voice cracks in her nerves, and she raises her eyes, panicked, to look at him. \"I think he knows, Bryan. Not exactly, but he knows that we were involved. They found the car, and they knew Stuart was at my apartment – he was following me, or having me followed, that's how he figured out where I lived – and they know he sent me flowers and they asked why I didn't call the police, and if I called you instead, and…\" \"Wait,\" Bryan interrupts her, holding up a hand. \"Flowers? What flowers?\" She draws her lip between her teeth nervously, remembering that this is a detail she hadn't even relayed to Bryan. At the time, it had seemed better to just destroy the arrangement and pretend it had never arrived; speaking about it made it real, served as a reminder of the fact that Stuart might be dead but there are always lingering reminders of him that pop up at the most unexpected times. \"The day after we….some roses were delivered. From…him.\" Bryan frowns, and exhales hard through his nose. \"You didn't tell me about this,\" he says, a hint of reprimand in his voice. \"I didn't think it was important,\" Lenore replies, instinctively defensive. \"But they saw the charge on Stuart's credit card, and they wondered why I didn't call the police…\" \"Of course they wondered that,\" Bryan replies, and it's his turn to pinch the bridge of his nose. \"Shit, Lenny. Why didn't you tell me about this? You should have mentioned it to your lawyer, at least, inquired some more about getting a restraining order. Then there would have been a record of your being concerned.\" \"I'm sorry!\" she exclaims, and she pulls away from him in frustration, leaping up from the couch and pacing back and forth in front of the coffee table, three steps one way and then the other, her hands thrown up in frustration. \"This is your area of expertise, not mine! I don't know how to do any of this! I don't know what's the right thing or the wrong thing to do…\" She lowers her hands, and looks at Bryan. \"Maybe I should just confess,\" she says quietly, thinking – but not saying – of how Dotzler's thoughts seemed more fixated on Bryan than on Lenore. At most, he seemed to think of her as an accomplice, but certainly not the culprit. \"Maybe, if I explain…that I was afraid, that I thought it was in self-defense…\" \"No,\" Bryan says immediately, fiercely. \"You're not going to say anything of the sort. We can still see this through.\" \"I can't have anyone else take the blame for what I've done,\" she whispers, as close as she comes to confessing where the police thoughts are – though she imagines Bryan can guess, as he's expected it even before the news report came on television. It's more likely that he had expected it from the moment she called him that terrible night. \"It's too late for that,\" Bryan insists. \"Others are to blame. Sam and I helped you, and if you confess, that'll come out.\" \"It doesn't have to,\" she protests weakly, and Bryan snorts. \"So you tell them – what? That you killed him, and got rid of a grown man's body on your own?\" he points out, his eyebrows raised. \"I can…I can make a deal with them,\" she tries, running a hand through her hair, stressed. \"The police do that. If it means they'll have a confession, I bet they would do that…\" Bryan stands now, his face darkening. \"If you talk to them,\" he tells her firmly, \"I'll go down there and tell them that I did it, and that you're lying to protect me. And which version do you think they'll believe?\" Her breath catches in her throat, and she stares at him for a moment that seems to hang for an eternity. \"No, you wouldn't,\" she tries to deny, to call his bluff, but her voice sounds unconvincing even to her own ears. He doesn't even bother to argue; he simply raises his eyebrows at her and she feels angry, frustrated tears sting her eyes. \"Bryan!\" she protests angrily, his name cracking from her throat like a snap, and she feels a hot tear track down her face. \"Don't be crazy!\" His face is stony and serious, and she wants to smack him for his stubbornness. \"I am not ,\" he starts fiercely, \"going to let you go to prison for the sake of that son of a bitch.\" \"But you would!\" she snaps, angry at his hypocrisy, angry at the corner he's pushed her in with such an ultimatum. \"How is it any better if you go to prison because of him?\" He looks surprised at that, and his face softens. He steps closer to her and he reaches out so that his fingers brush over her jaw. \"Not for him. I wouldn't have spit on him if he were on fire. For you, Lenny. I love you.\" It's something she knows but hearing it out loud, in such simple terms, is enough to break her. She knows it now but there were so many years she was unsure, that she was desperate to believe that he loved her more than he loved his job, only to be left feeling as though she and Kim would never be more than second place. She feels her lip tremble, and her resolve crumples as she chokes on a sob. She instinctively closes the remaining space between them, her arms coming up around his neck and her forehead coming to rest against his shoulder, her posture defeated. She remembers their conversation at Kim's wedding, how he had promised that nothing would happen to her, to Kim or Amanda. She doesn't want his protection in this sort of way, from her own rashness and hasty decisions, but she's known him long enough to know that Bryan has never done things by half-measure. \"Fine,\" she agrees, the words muffled by his shirt. She closes her eyes, her head pounding. \"Fine.\" \"Dotzler might think he knows what happened,\" he tells her soothingly, his mouth near her ear, his hands resting on her back, \"but he can't prove it, and that's what counts. He has no body, no weapon, no real proof that a crime even occurred. Their only hope would be a confession. We're not going to give it to them.\" He pulls back so that he can look in her face. \"Trust me on this,\" he urges, and it makes her want to laugh, because who else could she trust about this? They have secrets and lies now that bind them together as closely as their shared history ever did. \"I do,\" she replies quietly. \"I do trust you.\" He nods, his breath releasing on a heavy sigh as he presses a kiss against her temple before releasing her, taking her hand instead and giving it a brief squeeze. \"It's late,\" he says, his voice equally soft. \"Come on.\" They haven't put any sort of name to the routine they've fallen into, but if Lenore had to call it something, she would choose comfortable . Their days may be largely spent the same – some together, some apart, some with Kim and her little family, but largely engaged with their own work and separate routines – but more often than not now their nights end up together. It isn't something they necessarily plan; she's had a key to his place for a long while now, and he to hers, and often it is simply a matter of showing up unannounced. It isn't about sex, though she has to admit that that is certainly nice too, after so long. But more than that, it's a companionship that she's sorely missed, a balm for endless lonely nights. There are nights like tonight when she simply follows him into the bedroom and they change in comfortable silence. A few items of her clothing have made their way into his drawers, but tonight she eschews the slinky, silky pajamas she usually favors. She finds she likes them less and less as time goes on; they are remnants of her life with Stuart, where there had always been the silent pressure of the well-off to always be beautiful and put together, even alone at night. Like all aspects of her life with Stuart, the luxurious lifestyle, it had started as glamorous and fun and grown more and more exhausting as the years went on and they grew more unhappy with one another. And if there is anything she doesn't feel anymore, it is put together , and she grabs one of Bryan's t-shirts instead. She slips beneath the sheets and he reaches for her, pulling her to him so that her head is pillowed against his chest. It's a sweet gesture, one that she knows isn't the most natural for him anymore. She may wake some mornings to a hand splayed on her hip or his knees tucked into hers, but those are merely lucky accidents, and an elbow in her back or a foot pushing against her calves is far more likely. He sleeps like a man who is used to sleeping alone, his body seeking all the available real estate. Sometimes Lenore wonders if her presence is more of a nuisance than a pleasure and if he'd prefer she'd leave; all she can do is wonder, though – if she asked him, she's sure he'd deny it. She, on the other hand, has never liked sleeping alone. There are worse ways of sleeping, of course – the nights when Bryan would come home after months away and she would pretend to be asleep because she had been so angry and didn't know what to say, the nights where she would curl her body away from Stuart's to make sure they didn't touch and the tension in the room had laid over them like a fog. But in general, she's always found enormous comfort in the dip of the mattress beside her, the soft breeze of someone's breath at the back of her neck. She's gotten used to sleeping alone, but she'd never choose it, never prefer it. The feel of his heart beating against her cheek is soothing, as is the absentminded stroking of his fingers over her hair, smoothing it away from her face. She releases a shuddering breath, and it sounds unnaturally loud in the silent room. Dimly she wonders what it would be like to lie here like this, with him, without the crushing fear pushing down on her chest, threatening to suffocate her. It's nearly impossible to imagine. Would they have ever found themselves here, would their paths still have crossed in this way again? She doesn't even know the woman she would be, free from all the troubles and worries of the last few years. \"I'm so tired,\" she whispers. She's too world-weary to even cry, and she closes her eyes exhaustedly. Bryan's arm tightens around her. \"I know,\" he replies, and she can feel the vibrations of his voice in his chest. \"Me too.\" He sighs heavily. \"It'll be all right.\" She isn't sure she believes that anymore. She isn't sure Bryan believes it, either. At this point, Lenore is so used to waking suddenly from nightmares that it takes her a moment, the next morning, to realize that it hadn't been her own dreams to jerk her so violently from sleep this time. She accidentally elbows Bryan in the ribs as she twists in the sheets, her eyes flying open and her lips parting in a gasp, but he's already awake, frowning as he glances over his shoulder at the clock on his nightstand. Lenore cranes her neck to look as well, and sees the time is just after eight in the morning. The sharp, loud knock on the front door comes again, and she realizes that the sound must have been what startled her – both of them – awake. Bryan curses quietly under his breath. \"S'okay,\" he murmurs, his voice still thick with sleep, and he touches her hip briefly, his thumb brushing over the bone, before he throws the sheets off. \"Wait here.\" She doesn't have to be told twice, and she burrows beneath the blankets, closing her eyes again. She can hear the low murmur of voices through the closed bedroom door, and she wonders vaguely who could possibly be knocking so early on a weekend morning. Kim wouldn't knock; Jimmy would, but he would call before just showing up, so her best guess is that it is one of Bryan's friends. Staying put is probably the best decision. They aren't being purposefully secretive about what they're doing – whatever it is – but they are being…discreet, at least. Bryan returns after only a few minutes, and the grimness of his expression suggests to her that it hadn't been one of his friends at all – far from it. Concerned, Lenore sits up, pulling her knees in against her chest instinctively, protectively. \"What is it?\" she asks, and she can hear the tension in her own voice. \"Who was it?\" \"The police,\" he answers shortly, running a hand through his hair. \"Dotzler. He wants us to go down to the station.\" \"Us?\" she echoes, her brow furrowing, and he grimaces. \"Us,\" he confirms. \"He saw your car outside. He knows you're here.\" Her heart sinks, as though they have been already caught out, as though her presence alerts the police to what they really are – not merely an ex-husband and ex-wife, but co-conspirators to a crime, guilty of so much more than finding solace with one another. The interview room isn't anything like she's seen on television – it's more like an office than the prison-like containment she had been expecting. The aide who had led her to the room had politely offered her a glass of water, but that she does remember from television shows, and she declines, instead sitting with her hands folded tightly in her lap, drumming her thumbs impatiently. She is surprised when Inspector Dotzler opens the door and lets himself in. She would have expected that he would have taken a crack at Bryan, instead. Unless, she realizes with a sinking stomach, Dotzler has come to interview her because they know she's the weaker one, the one more likely to give them the information they needed. They aren't wasting their best detective on an ex-CIA operative who knew how to lie as easily as he breathed. This interview would be child's play for Bryan. She can't help but envy him, at that moment. She drums her thumbs faster, and she's glad her hands are hidden beneath the solid wood of the table between them. \"Ms. Thompson,\" Dotzler greets, almost cheerfully, as though they are friends meeting again. This worries her more than anything; Bryan had told her before of how pleased with himself the detective had been three years ago, when he had finally pieced everything together. Could that be the reason for his good mood today? He casually tosses a file down on the table between them as he eases into the seat across from her, and she eyes it warily, wondering if he means to torment her again with the same pictures and information that he had brought out in her apartment, or if he has something new and even more damning to share. \"Inspector,\" she replies, and then adds drily, \"long time, no see.\" He grins, obviously amused by her snappiness. \"Thank you for being so accommodating,\" he says, and he opens the file before him, uncapping his pen. \"I just have a few follow-up questions I'd like to clear up. We never did establish why Mr. St. John's car was outside your house.\" \"That's because I don't know,\" she answers. \"You would have to ask Stuart that.\" Surprisingly, it is much easier to lie this time. Perhaps it is Bryan's threat lingering in the back of her mind, the realization that she needs to lie and lie well not simply to cover her own tracks, but to stop Bryan from resorting to extremes to cover them for her. He cocks an eyebrow. \"That would be a bit difficult, seeing as he's missing, wouldn't it?\" \"Then maybe you should focus on finding him, rather than asking me time and time again about his stalking techniques,\" she shoots back, her voice dripping with venom. Dotzler leans back in his chair, twiddling his pen between his fingers, studying her between narrowed eyes before abruptly switching focus, pulling something from the file sitting on the table between them. \"Do you know this man?\" he questions, sliding a picture across the table to her. Puzzled at the abrupt change of subject, she bends her head to glance at the photo of a severe looking man, with dark hair and a hard jaw, and a tattoo on his hand. The hairs on the back of her neck stand up, and distractedly, she reaches back to smooth them down. She doesn't know him, and yet there is something familiar that nags at her subconscious, like a mosquito she can't quite swat away. \"I…I don't know,\" she answers hesitantly, tilting her head as though that may give her greater insight. \"I feel like I've seen him before but I don't…\" she breaks off and then raises her eyes accusingly. \"Is this the man that Stuart hired to follow me?\" she demands, but even as she asks the question, she knows that isn't the case. She closes her eyes briefly, and the realization washes over her like an icy shower, cold enough down her spine that she shivers. \"No,\" she corrects herself quietly, \"I think…I think he was one of the men who…who grabbed me at that gas station.\" She opens her eyes again and looks back at the picture, and there is no mistaking it this time. His eyes pierce at her, dark and angry, the way she sees them in the vestiges of her nightmares, the things she would rather leave forgotten. She draws her lip between her teeth, nipping hard, and nods. \"That's where I know him from,\" she says, and with trembling fingers, she pushes the photograph back across the table to the detective. Dotzler nods, his face grim. \"We believe he's the man who took over Malankov's…operations,\" he says, steepling his fingers together, leaning forward over the table. \"And along with it, his outstanding loans and debts. Including, perhaps, the debt your ex-husband owed him.\" \"Right,\" Lenore answers crisply, a humorless smile tugging at the corners of her lips. \"No dead wife, no insurance payout to save himself, right?\" \"And,\" Dotzler adds after a long pause, as though he is considering giving her the information or not, \"we found Mr. St. John's car in his possession.\" Relief bubbles up so strong that she has to press her lips together into a hard white line to keep from bursting into inappropriate laughter. Had it been purposeful, or some strange coincidence? Either way, it is the first lucky card they have been dealt since that terrible night, and it is nearly impossible to bring her racing mind back to Dotzler's next question. \"You say you haven't spoken with Mr. St. John since his release, but have you received any other strange calls? Wrong numbers, hang-ups? Calls at strange times, numbers you didn't recognize?\" She shakes her head. \"No, none that I remember,\" she says honestly enough, even as she runs through a mental rolodex of the calls she has made and received. That terrible night that Stuart had appeared at her door she had called Bryan, but they spoke often enough on the phone that she couldn't imagine it would arouse too much suspicion. \"But then, I changed my insurance policy a long time ago, so I'm not the commodity I once was.\" She means the words to be flippant, but Dotzler smiles sympathetically. \"Well,\" he says as he gathers his papers together, \"if you do receive any phone calls or messages, or gifts that seem strange to you, I hope you won't hesitate to call the police this time.\" She takes a deep breath as she watches him begin to clean up his things, as though the interview is over, and for a blessed moment, she thinks they've managed to get away with it. But then he adds, very quietly, as he pushed a copy of her statement across the table to her, \"And not whomever else you may be tempted to call.\" She looks up sharply, the calmness she had felt escaping like air from a balloon as her heart leaps in her throat. Dotzler smiles at her, as pleased as the cat that has caught its prey. \"There's a lot of things we don't know about what happened,\" he tells her, his voice barely audible, \"but one thing I know for sure, Ms. Thompson, is that you and Mr. Mills haven't had a single truthful word between the two of you for us.\" He hands her a pen, and leans back in his chair. \"If you could just sign your statement, please,\" he asks her quietly, as though he hadn't just quietly threatened her, told her that he knew she was signing her name to a lie. For a moment, she nearly falters. She almost apologize, throws herself on his mercy and sympathetic smile. I'm sorry, I did it, it was my fault , she almost tells him, she almost warns him that Bryan will try and say differently, but he is lying, lying to protect her when he should have let her go long ago, because she's too far gone to save. But she can hear Bryan's voice as though it is close against her ear again. Trust me , he had asked her and she had promised that she would, that she did . Her heart racing, she looks down at the statement before her, the mundane lies she had given the police, and she scribbles her name before her courage can fail her all together. \"If you could just….stay in town, while we continue to investigate,\" Dotzler asks as she slides the paper back over to him, and he slides it back into the file. \"Of course,\" she says, her voice flat. \"Where else would I be?\" Bryan is coming out of the room three doors down when Dotzler releases her. His face is calm, composed, and in the doorway behind him, Lenore can see Inspector Johnson scowling angrily. She wonders briefly if Dotzler had told him that he suspected them of lying, but either way, she very much doubts Bryan gave him anything to work with. For a moment, she forgets Dotzler's gaze on her back, forgets the eyes of the other officers in the hall, and she quickens her pace as he turns and sees her. \"Bryan,\" she says, her voice tense, her nerves taut as a bow. The air feels almost suffocating, and she just wants to leave the police officers with their suspicious glances and their working theories behind. \"All finished?\" he asks, his voice casual as though they are there on a matter of no great importance. He takes her hand, tucking her trembling fingers into the crook of his elbow, and she holds tight, keeping her eyes on the exit. When he pushes the door open, the sunshine outside is so bright that she's momentarily blinded, and her relief at leaving the station is so great that it leaves her light-headed and she sways briefly on the spot. Bryan doesn't pause or stop, his arm going around her waist like a vice grip and keeping her moving. \"Hold it together,\" he urges quietly, and she nods, focusing on putting one foot in front of the other, on keeping her head up as though she isn't walking away from her own ruin. They're parked in the lot across the street, still within view of the station. He stands in front of her when they stop, and he's tall enough to block out the sun. She leans back against the door of the car and takes a deep breath, feeling her head clear. \"You okay?\" Bryan asks, his voice laden with concern, and he ducks his head a bit, trying to catch her eye. She nods distractedly, stealing a glance over his shoulder at the police station, looming in the background. \"Dotzler knows we're lying,\" she tells him, her voice barely above a whisper, as though even from here the police could see them. \"He told me he knows we haven't been honest.\" Bryan nods, his face concentrated as he carefully digests this information. \"Well, if that's all he had to say, I'd bet he doesn't know much more than that,\" he finally deduces. He puts a heavy hand on her shoulder, giving it a squeeze and a little shake, as though she's a teammate. \"You did a good job, Lenny.\" Lenore bites her lip. \"He showed me a picture, too, of one of the men who they think worked under Malankov. He thought they might have come after Stuart for the money he owed them. I think…I think it was one of the men that night…\" she breaks off, taking a shuddering breath. Three years later, and sometimes it is still hard to reconcile what happened. And just when she feels as though she might be moving on with her life, the memories are starting to resurface, bit by bit, like shards of glass that could cut her to ribbons. She remembers the piercing, hard gaze of the man in the photo, penetrating even through the picture, glinting and sharp like the blade of a knife… She doesn't realize her fingers have closed around her own throat, clutching, until Bryan gently pulls her hand away, holding it tight between his own. \"I'm sorry,\" he tells her quietly, and she blinks rapidly, as though she can shake the vision away that way. \"You don't have anything to be sorry about,\" she says, trying to brush off his concern, and his grasp around her fingers tightens, his expression grave. She puts her free hand atop of their clasped ones and looks down at their white knuckles, their tight grip. She thinks if anyone saw how tightly they clung to one another, they would know them for guilty at a glance. How could they be anything else? And then she looks back at the police station, which suddenly seems further away from before, and she thinks of what Sam told her, of how easily people disappear. It's a thought that's comforting and terrifying all at the same time. Perhaps Bryan is right, and Dotzler doesn't know anything more than the fact that he is being lied to. But there are days that she feels so untethered, still, that the idea that someone could simply slip away and no one would notice leaves her uneasy. \"Bryan…\" she starts, her voice halting, and he looks at her, his eyebrows raised patiently as he waits for her to continue. Don't let me disappear , she wants to plead, but the words die on her tongue as she meets his eye. He is possibly the only person on earth she doesn't have to ask such a thing of, him and their daughter. She has to trust him, trust them, trust that it's enough, and let herself fall. \"Thank you,\" she chooses instead, and he gives her a small smile, bringing their clasped hands to his lips and dropping a brief kiss against her knuckles before releasing her. \"Come on,\" he says, opening her car door. \"Let's go home.\" She isn't sure if she means his home or hers. It doesn't really matter, anymore. Author's Note: There will be a short epilogue that shouldn't be too long coming, and that'll be it for this story! I figured it was only appropriate to wrap up the story in the way the films are – concluded, definitely, but with an opening for more should the occasion rise.[Chapter 5] Summer in Los Angeles finally breaks into fall, a relief from the scorching heat as they speed towards winter, and still no more evidence surfaces to damn them. They aren't completely forgotten. Inspector Dotzler makes it a habit to call or drop by, approximately once a month, but his questions grow vaguer and his tone grows weary as the trail goes cold. The news media moves on entirely – there is always someone else missing, another murder or disappearance, and often the victim is someone much more sympathetic to mainstream America than a shady businessman newly released from prison. Maybe it is a mistake, but she can't help but feel a little safer, a little more secure, with each passing day, and a little voice whispers at the back of her mind, maybe you'll get away with it . Lenore goes to the beach often, sitting by the shore and looking out over the ocean that holds their secret. She thinks of that night out at sea, and how Stuart's body is likely nothing more than bones now, resting on the ocean floor, becoming less and less every day until finally he does disappear in truth. She thinks of the bones and she thinks of the man, of the shock at seeing him at her door that evening. But her fear feels like a separate thing now, like it belongs to someone else. She can't think of him with any sort of affection or sympathy, despite the fact that they were once happy – not after what he did to her, what he did to Kim and Bryan, what he tried to do to save his own skin. But at times she can think of him now without being overtaken by breathless fear, and that is its own sort of revelation. She can barely remember a time when she was not afraid all the time, skittish and jumping at shadows, and finding her way back from that is like rediscovering herself. There are some days she doesn't think of Stuart of all, nor of what she and Bryan have done. When the first of those days come, she is overwhelmed with guilt once she remembers. For some reason, she had determined that carrying the weight of her sin was the only proper punishment as she managed to evade the police. But slowly, bit by bit, she forgives herself. It is not an easy task; she has always carried a grudge beautifully and she herself is no exception to that rule. It is not easy, but it is a start, and it is a relief. It is Halloween and they are dressing little Amanda in her princess costume when Kim tells her that she knows her secret, and the fake plastic jewelry that Lenore had been wrestling to free from its package falls from her hands. \" What ?\" Lenore blurts, horrified and immediately wracking her brain for where they might have slipped, what evidence they might have left uncovered – and if their daughter discovered it, would it only be a matter of time before the police did as well? But Kim only chuckles at her mother's wild-eyed panic, peeping up slyly from her work at tying the sash at the back of Amanda's dress. \"You know,\" she says, her voice amused. \"I know you and Dad are…'hanging out,'\" she jokes, choosing the same term that she had suggested to Lenore when she had been a teenager, a time that felt a thousand years ago. \"Oh,\" Lenore replies, her breath releasing in a giant rush, as though she's been hit in the stomach. She's so relieved at not being caught out that it takes her a moment to digest what Kim had actually said, and then she pauses. \"Oh.\" She isn't sure how to feel about Kim's declaration. They haven't said anything thus far but they haven't been sneaking , either. What they are is just so inexact, and always shifting, that it is difficult to put it into words. And did they have to put it into words, necessarily? Kim may be their daughter, but that didn't mean she has to be privy to the ins and outs of their relationship. Maybe Lenore enjoys the bit of secrecy, of privacy. On the other hand, maybe she is afraid that whatever they are tentatively building between them won't last. Their track record, after all, is far from impressive. To tell Kim, to tell anyone , is to make it real, and to make it real would make it solid, make it breakable. It's illogical to think that way, but she's had enough bad luck in love that her choices, made in self-preservation, don't always make sense. \"What makes you think that?\" she asks, purposefully evasive. Kim shrugs, obviously trying for casual but failing in the attempt as she begins to braid Amanda's hair. \"It just seems like you're there an awful lot, or he's over here.\" She raises her eyes again from her task, a smile tugging at her lips. \"And I don't think Dad uses conditioner or Venus brand razers but they're in his bathroom. I'm pretty sure he doesn't even know what conditioner is for .\" Lenore winces a bit. Bryan, most likely due to his obsessive nature, keeps a nice home, but he's still undeniably a man , with a habit of purchasing dollar store shampoo and toothpaste and not much else in the way of amenities. \"Kim, you shouldn't snoop,\" she scolds instinctively, though she can't muster any real ire. \"Besides, you don't know those things are mine. They could be anyone's.\" She looks up at Kim, and she can't help but smile faintly at the incredulous look on her daughter's face. \"Come on. Mom. This is Dad we're talking about,\" she snorts, and she pats Amanda lightly on the behind. \"Go play,\" she tells her daughter warmly. \"We'll leave when Sesame Street is over, okay?\" Lenore watches as Amanda hops off, nearly tripping over the poofy hem of her skirt. This year, Amanda had been excited to get all dressed up but is still too young to really grasp Halloween, so that her favorite television show is a far greater temptation than leaving immediately, but Lenore imagines next year will be a different story. Time stops for no one, it seems. The soft touch of Kim's hand on her wrist startles her from her thoughts, and she looks back at her daughter. \"I'm not a little girl anymore, Mom,\" Kim reminds her gently, a bit of a laugh in her voice. \"You don't have to tiptoe around me because you don't want to get my hopes up. You and Dad are both adults, you're both single, you can do whatever you want. I just want you to be happy,\" she finishes, her voice wistful, and for all her protests that she isn't a little girl anymore, when she looks at Lenore with those big brown eyes of hers all she can see is a child's earnestness. \"It's been such a long time since I've seen you really happy .\" She wants, immediately, to comfort Kim, despite knowing the truth of her statement. The last few years of her marriage to Stuart had been miserable; the last three years had been nearly unbearable. There have been happy moments, of course, but for the most part she has been in a fog, a haze of loneliness and sadness. It has been a long time since she's been happy, long enough that she's almost forgotten what it feels like, long enough that she has to pause, now, and think – am I happy? Is this happiness? She squeezes Kim's hand, and settles on, \"I'm trying, sweetie. I'm getting there.\" It's November when Bryan starts traveling again; he'd taken enough close assignments with the security company, taken enough advantage of Sam and Bernie and Casey's friendship, and, he tells her, he has to get back to pulling his weight. She knows she should be happy, that it's a sign that life is getting back to normal – or as normal as it can be, for them. Still, she worries; she thinks she'll always worry. She worried even when they were at their most estranged, and she buried her worry behind scathing criticisms and sharp barbs. But it is a bit easier than it was before; they are assignments, and not missions, and he is gone for days or maybe a week or two, rather than months on end. He is discreet, as the business requires, but he doesn't have to be silent the way he did in the CIA, and she knows where in the world he is, and when he'll be coming home. Home is an ever-shifting idea. She's never been attached to her apartment in the first place – the last three years have been full of so much misery that she has few happy memories attributed to the place – but now she can scarcely cross the threshold without looking at the floor and thinking of Stuart's body stretched across the tiles, silent and still. So she finds herself spending more and more time at Bryan's. He had moved again after Stuart's arrest, and so his new place has no unpleasant memories attached to it, no reminders of things she'd rather leave forgotten. Even while he's away and she has no reason to not go home, she finds herself going to his apartment. It feels less lonely, amongst his things, although it is still hard at times to not feel like an interloper. It is nothing Bryan has ever said or done that makes her feel this way; it is merely the fact of moving through the life that he has built on his own, without her, the unfamiliarity she has with the little nuances of his daily life that serve as a reminder that she hasn't been a part of that life for years and years now. Bryan spends two weeks in New York just before Thanksgiving, working security for visiting dignitaries, and she doesn't return to her apartment once in the meantime. To her surprise, there isn't even a need to stop for a change of clothes, a pair of shoes, a hairdryer...and when she realizes that, she isn't shocked at all that Kim had noticed something. Without Lenore even realizing it, her things have largely migrated to his place, finding a foothold like weeds, carving out a place for herself in the face of the feeling that she does not belong. She wonders if Bryan has noticed. She wonders if he minds. He's due home on Saturday morning, and arrives earlier than expected, well before the sun comes out. The lights flicker on in the bedroom, waking her up, and she blinks open her eyes to see his surprised face looking down at her. \"Lenny?\" he asks, his voice edged in puzzlement. Apparently he hadn't noticed her car outside, and she isn't expected. \"I'm sorry,\" she says awkwardly, her voice thick with sleep as she props herself up on her elbows, suddenly uncertain of herself, if she has crossed some sort of invisible line that she should not have passed by letting herself into his home as though it were her own, sleeping curled up in his bed while he was away, waiting for him like they were still married. \"Should I…?\" \"No,\" Bryan immediately answers, cutting her off before she can finish expressing her doubts. He sits beside her, the bed sinking under his weight. He puts his hand on her knee, squeezing reassuringly through the sheet she has tossed over her. \"No, of course not. I'm glad you're here.\" He looks exhausted, his face creased with weariness, heavy bags beneath his eyes. She frowns, concerned, wishing for not the first time that he would find something else to do, for his own sake, rather than run himself ragged with the line of work he's chosen. They're both so much older and so much more tired, and she wonders if they'll ever be able to rest. \"Everything went okay?\" she asks, her voice laced with worry. She remembers those rough years after he had joined the CIA but before they divorced, when he would come home closed-lipped but sporting new scars, angry and deep. This isn't the same, but she still wonders sometimes if she can bear it again – but then, leaving him in the first place hadn't stopped her from worrying in all those years inbetween. He nods, his free hand passing briefly over his face. \"Yeah, it went well. Just, you know…long flight back.\" \"Well, then, come to bed,\" she says sensibly, before taking a moment to smile ruefully at the humor of inviting him to sleep in his own bed. If Bryan finds it strange, he doesn't comment. She's half asleep again by the time he finishes getting ready and the light goes back out, before she feels the bed shift a second time, the rustle of the sheets as Bryan slips in beside her. Unexpectedly, he reaches out for her, his arm sliding around her waist, fingers brushing the bare strip of skin exposed between her tank and her shorts. His hand is warm, and she gives a small, sleepy murmur of contentment. His fingertips are callused, the skin of his palms rough and weathered, but his touch is always soft, part of the walking contradiction he can sometimes be. Unbidden, she remembers her therapist's words, this type of men , and she thinks about how there is blood on both of their hands. Blood on their hands, and yet Bryan can still touch her this way, with gentle affection, and it makes her feel like the world just might keep turning after all. \"I missed you,\" he murmurs, and there is such an undercurrent of wistfulness in his voice that she knows, instinctively, that he doesn't just mean the two weeks that he'd been away. She twists in his embrace, turning to face him, though the room is dark enough now that she can't make out his expression, merely his outline. She seeks him out with her hand instead, brushing her fingertips over the stubble of his cheek, tracing the line of his jaw. He turns into her touch, his lips brushing the inside of her wrist, his fingers closing over hers as though to hold her there. It surprises her, a bit, to hear him say that. Bryan has always been so stoic and solid, moving so comfortably through the single life he'd built for himself, the life he'd chosen for himself, always seeming to find it easier than she did to maintain some sort of boundary and distance between them. She knows he felt guilty for all the years he had spent away and missed with Kim, but in all that time he had never married again, never seemed close from what little she knew of his life, and so she had assumed that he preferred it that way, preferred to be alone. It has been easy, then, to think of herself as intruding or imposing, but perhaps in truth Bryan hasn't just been alone, but lonely as well. A surge of tenderness floods her veins at the thought; she had worried for so long about imposing, had hated feeling needy. She has never before bothered to consider that perhaps there is something he needs in return, that perhaps their relationship isn't as unbalanced as she had feared. Perhaps, she thinks, it is time to stop preparing for failure. Carefully, she eases closer, seeking out his mouth in the dark first with her fingertips, then with her lips, kissing him softly. His hand falls away from her wrist, settling heavily on the small of her back instead, warm and comforting. Solid and sure, like him. \"I missed you, too,\" she says quietly, honestly. She feels like she's spent endless time missing Bryan, all the long, long stretches he would be gone while they were married, and even – maybe especially – the years after. She feels, rather than sees, his smile, and she turns again, closing her eyes. The nightmares still come, most nights, and perhaps they always will. But she's learned to find solace in the fact that the morning always follows. A/N: Thank you all for reading! I hope you enjoyed – if you did, please take the time to leave a comment. Your thoughts are greatly appreciated. That marks the end of this story (at least for now). Thank you to everyone who took the time to leave me words of encouragement. I'm so glad you enjoyed it, and thank you for taking the time to leave feedback. It really means the world. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I had a few people ask me if I was going to write fic after the third movie, which, "},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Acceptance","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9328684","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I dont own Crazy, stupid love. This story is a combination of real scenes from the movie and my own writing. Takes place after the fight when Hannah took Jacob to meet her family. \"Cal\" Jacob tried to talk to him after the big fight. Cal stood up \"Honey, this guy is a low life, he's a womanizer\" \"That's ironic\" Emily huffed \"Excuse me?\" Cal said angrily Emily just shrugged and shook her head. \"I have witnessed him in action and you are not to see him anymore\" Cal told her. \"Dad, I'm not going to stop seeing him\" she told him, shaking her head. \"Okay then we have nothing more to talk about\" he said glaring at her. She just stared back at him. \"Get the hell out of my house\" he said, raising his voice. \"This isnt your house anymore\" Emily interrupted angrily. \"You made damn sure of that didnt you sweetheart\" he responded. Hannah, looking hurt, looked to Jacob indicating that she wanted to leave, he got up and walked over to her placing his hand on her back supportively. They got to his car and he put his arms around her. She held him tight. After they broke the hug he looked into her eyes and ran his hand across her cheek. \"You okay?\" he asked. She nodded and he opened the door for her. They drove back to his place in silence. She gazed out the window, lost in thought. He kept looking at her, worried about what was going through her head, worried she would listen to her dad and kick him to the curb. They got back to his house, she went into his bedroom and flopped down on the bed and patted the spot next to her, beckoning him to join her. He laid down next to her on his side,placing his hand on her hip, waiting for her to talk. \"So...why does my dad hate you exactly?\" she asked curiously. \"He doesnt hate me per se, he hates me being with you\" he explained. \"Okay, I'm gonna need more Jacob\" she told him. \"I met your dad at the bar right after he and your mom split up. He was so sad and angry and would just talk non-stop about David Lindhagen. He seemed to be a nice guy who had been screwed over and I offered to help him. He reminded me of my dad\" he explained laying back flat on his back, staring up at the ceiling. \"Still not connecting the dots\" she said confused. \"I taught him how to pick up women\" he said, feeling bad, not meeting her eyes. She started laughing uncontrollably. \"What?\" he asked, confused as he propped himself up on his elbow to look at her. \"Its just so ironic, of all the people in the world, you met my dad and taught him to be a man whore now you and I are together\" she said gesturing between them, still laughing. He frowned \"I'm sorry, I feel terrible about this\" \"Jacob, it's fine. You know my mom cheated and told my dad she wanted a divorce and he's just been devestated so whatever has happened has happened\" she told him and slid over closer to him. He laid back down and she laid her head on his chest, wrapping her arm around him. \"Your dad is never going to be okay with this\" he sighed. \"I think he will in time, he is protective though so you're defintely going to have to work to prove yourself to him\" she said looking up into his eyes. \"You up for that?\" she asked anxiously. \"I'll do whatever it takes but I'm not sure anythings ever going to be enough\" he said staring into her eyes. \"Are you going to dump me?\" she asked sadly. \"No way\" he said pulling her closer. \"I dont think I could be without you now\" he said honestly. She smiled and leaned in and kissed him, putting her hand on his cheek. \"I want my dad to like you but I dont need him to, I'm a grown up and I make my own decisions. I want to be with you Jacob, thats my decision and it isnt going to change\" she told him. He smiled at her and kissed her tenderly. The next day Jacob tried to call Cal but he didnt answer the phone. He left a message. \"Cal, it's Jacob. I'd really like to talk to you about this. If you could call me back, I'd appreciate it\" Cal didnt call back, he also wasnt calling Hannah, Emily or the kids either. Jacob tried to get Hannah to call him but she wouldnt. He knew everybody was sad that they werent talking. Jacob went to the bar to find Cal. Cal looked over at him and sighed. \"Here to find another girl? Bored of my daughter already?\" he said snarkily. \"Can we have a civil conversation?\" Jacob asked. \"Are you still seeing my daughter?\" he asked. \"Yes\" he answered. \"Then I've got nothing to say to you\" he responded. \"Is this what youre going to do now? Just hang out in a bar and abandon your family? Your kids miss you Cal\" \"So you're hanging out with my kids now? That's great. By the way I didnt abandon my family, they hate me\" he said sadly. \"They love you\" Jacob corrected him. \"I dont need your advice about my family thank you\" he said agitated. \"I'm in love with her\" he said. \"I love her\" he said looking him in the eye. You love her? You love Hannah?\" Cal asked \"Yes\" he answered honestly. \"Tell me about it, tell me how much you love her\" Cal said. \"I dont know what I was doing before this and I dont know what to do about it. Its not something I can really stop. This isnt something that I wanted. I used to look at people who were in love and I thought the things they were doing and the things that they were saying made them seem pathetic. I spent all this time with you and I was trying to make you more like me but as it turns out...ah I need that drink\" he sighed. \"Youre going to make me do this? I gotta really do this?\" he asked, shaking his head. Cal stared at him \"I had Hannah when I was 17, I taught her to ride a bike, I taught her to drive a car. And I've seen too much, I know too much\" Cal said. \"I know\" Jacob agreed. \"And its Hannah, and she's too good for you\" Cal told him \"I agree\" Jacob answered. \"I wont stop seeing her though. I love her and I make her happy. I wont do anything to hurt her, I'm sorry I cant make things right with you. Youre a good dad Cal\" Jacob said as he got up to leave.[Chapter 2] Cal left the bar and returned home alone to his crappy apartment. He sat on the couch and thought about his life, wondering how it could have gotten so off track. Emily was the only girl he had ever loved and he knew she was the only girl he would ever love. He had thought they had the perfect family, the perfect life, now in one fell swoop it had all come apart. First Emily, now he had alienated his oldest daughter by intruding into her life and his only son was heartbroken because he thought he had stolen his soul mate. Ever since he and Emily had split up Jacob had been his only friend, his previous so called friends having abandoned him. Now he had shut Jacob out too. He had never felt so alone. He was miserable and knew he had to do something about it. He didn't want this life anymore. \"Can I come over and talk to Robby?\" he texted Emily. \"Sure\" she responded simply. He went over to the house and rang the doorbell, feeling uncomfortable with the feeling of having to wait outside of his own house. Robby came to the door, his mom already having told him his dad was coming. \"Hey buddy, can we talk?\" he asked. Robby came out and sat down on the steps. Cal sat next to him. \"I'm sorry you got hurt, I would never intentionally do anything to hurt you. I hope you know that\" Cal told him. \"I know dad, sorry I was a jerk. I know it wasn't your fault. Things just got so messed up\" \"Thanks buddy\" Cal said ruffling his hair. \"Daaaaaad\" Robby whined pushing him away playfully. \"So are we good?\" Cal smiled. \"Yeah we're good\" Robby smiled back and hugged him. \"I love you kid, I know you're almost a man and all but I'm still going to tell you that\" \"Love you too dad, we missed you\" \"Did everyone miss me?\" he asked wondering how things stood with Emily. \"Talk to her dad\" he said getting up and going inside to get his mom. \"Good luck\" he grinned before going in. \"I'm sure I'll need it\" Cal sighed. Emily came out. \"Seems like you and Robby worked things out\" she said, standing with her arms crossed defensively. \"Yeah, at least I'm back in good graces with one member of my family\" he nodded. \"Still not speaking to Hannah huh?\" she asked, softening a little. \"My next stop\" he said. \"She's a big girl Cal, you have to left her be a grown up. Besides she really likes Jacob, she's very happy and that's good to see\" \"I know\" \"I was wrong\" he admitted solemnly. She sat down next to him. \"The good thing about family is they're always willing to forgive\" she said. \"I hope so, I've sure made a mess of things Em\" he said honestly. \"I know the feeling\" she sighed. \"I'm sorry about everything, I don't know what I was thinking. I just threw our life away, everything we had\" she said in disbelief. \"I was so mad at you but I've realized, Jacob made me realize actually that it's partly my fault too. I got too comfortable, stopped trying to woo you. I should have treated you better, appreciated you, made you fall in love with me everyday. Instead I just got boring and I regret that\" \"I love you Cal\" she said tearfully. \"I love you Emily, more than anything and I always will\" he said honestly. \"Do you think there's a chance we can work this out?\" she asked hopefully. \"I think we can get through anything together\" he said taking her hand and kissing it. \"I'd like to take you out on a date saturday if you are free\" he asked. She smiled lovingly at his romantic gesture. \"I'd like that a lot\" \"It's a date\" he grinned \"I'll call you\" he said before walking away. The next day he went to Jacob's house. Jacob answered the door and was shocked to see Cal there. \"Hannah isn't here\" he told him. \" I know, she's with Emily, they're having some sort of girls day, getting pedicures and picking out a dress for our date on saturday\" Jacob smiled. \"That's great, congratulations\" \"Can I come in?\" Cal asked. Jacob looked at him skeptically. \"Are you armed?\" \"No\" Cal chuckled. Jacob still stared at him. \"Do you want to frisk me?\" he asked. Jacob stood aside and let him come in. \"I'm trying to put my family back together so that includes making things right with everyone, Hannah included\" If you're here to ask me to stop seeing her again...\" Jacob said. \"I'm not. I want her to be happy and she is...with you. I am not going to stand in your way, partly because I know it doesn't matter anyway\" he joked. \"But also because I know you love her and I'm sure you are capable of being a good man to her\" \"Thank you\" Jacob answered. \"I appreciate that\" \"Dont get too excited, I'm not welcoming you to the family or anything\" Cal teased. \"Ok\" Jacob grinned. Cal went to leave. \"Cal?\" Jacob called to him as he was getting ready to walk out the door. Cal turned around. \"I'm happy for you\" Jacob said. \"You too buddy\" Cal said shaking his hand.[Chapter 3] Hannah came back to Jacob's a few hours later. He greeted her excitedly with a kiss. His kisses made her go weak in the knees. She'd never been with a guy who made her feel this way before. Even though she hated to admit it, Liz had been right, her life had been PG-13. But that was before Jacob. \"Miss me bad huh?\" she teased playfully. \"Yes\" he answered honestly, continuing to kiss her softly. She dropped her bag as he deepened the kiss and gave him her full attention, wrapping her arms around his broad shoulders. God his body was amazing, she made a mental note to get back to the gym herself. He pulled back after a minute. \"Your dad came by\" he told her. \"Seriously?\" she asked scrunching up her face and pulling away. \"Why would you say that to me now after getting me all worked up?\" she asked, annoyed at the loss of contact with his hard body. \"I thought you'd want to know\" he responded with a grin, very amused by her reaction to him stopping kissing her. \"It could have waited until we were sweaty and out of breath\" she pouted. He tried to kiss her again but she pulled away \"Forget it, now you've got me thinking about my dad so I cant think about sex at all without being horrified\" she complained. \"I'll make it up to you later\" he winked and slapped her ass playfully. \"Okay so what happened? Did he come by to officially disown me?\" \"He wants to make up\" he said. She snorted \"Yeah well there needs to be some serious apologizing and butting out of my life before that's gonna happen\" she huffed. \"He's trying, he said he's okay with us now\" Jacob said, he understood why she was hesitant and agreed she had a right to be but just wanted the family to make up, because he truly cared about them all and also so there wouldn't be any obstacles for him and Hannah to pursue their relationship. \"He should have been okay with us the whole time. I'm a grown ass woman, not a teenager, and who I bang is my business\" she ranted. \"Who you bang?\" he asked with a frown, desperately hoping that wasn't all this was to her. She saw the look on his face \"Yeah\" she paused, fumbling for words \"Who I bang or you know...who I love, whatever\" she said trying to sound casual, glancing timidly at him. He closed the distance between them quickly and kissed her hard, leaning down to her and wrapping his strong arms tightly around her small waist. She had to grab onto his shoulders to steady herself. When they pulled back from the kiss he beamed at her with that sweet, sexy smile that made her swoon \"I love you\" he said softly. \"Really?\" she asked with a nervous smile. \"Yeah really\" he smiled back. \"Wow, Liz is going to hate me\" she laughed in that cute way of hers. \"Yeah probably, I mean she did offer to let me call her Hannah and wear a red wig for me\" he said uncomfortably. She laughed hysterically \"God she's a freak, what is wrong with her?!\" \"Wait a minute, did you tell her how I am in bed?\" he asked curiously, knowing Liz had been fully on his side about Hannah going home with him. She just smirked at him without answering. \"Oh boy, that's awkward\" he said shaking his head. \"What? Shes my best friend I had to tell her its like a rule\" she told him. \"What'd you say?\" he asked curiously. \"That you are an exemplary lover of course\" she teased \"Shut up\" he said playfully pushing her away. \"Jacob, I'm not kidding\" she laughed, following him around. \"I said you are amazing but of course she wanted NC 17 details that I wouldn't give her, she's such a perv\" \"Yeah I'm not sure I can ever hang out with her\" he said uncomfortably. Hannah laughed \"Oh my god, are you afraid of my friend?\" \"She's like a predator\" he said, sounding a little worried. Hannah roared with laughter over this. \"She said she'd send my junk to the morgue!\" he said emphatically. She continued to laugh furiously and he started laughing too, unable to resist. \"I'll protect you\" she said, putting her hand on the back of his neck. She smirked at him teasingly. He bent down and grabbed her, throwing her over his shoulder. She screamed playfully. He carried her to the bedroom. \"What are you doing?\" she asked. \"Earning that NC 17 rating\" he told her. ","Summary":" I dont own Crazy, stupid love. This story is a combination of real scenes from the movie and my own"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Taken","Author":"bellac611","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5750551","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my 1st book i have ever written lol. please review it and tell me what you think of it. :D Today is February 8. It has been two years since I had been abducted. You may think that it was a long time ago; but for me, it seems like it only happened yesterday. I can still picture their faces. The sound of their voices. I recall just about every detail. Things have gotten so bad for me that I still had nightmares often. I woke up screaming and crying. I am here to tell you exactly what happened those terrifying days. You don't know exactly how someone who had been taken feels, unless if you have been in that situation…but I have been there. My name is Abby, and this is my story. I was 15 years old and attending the Ste. Gen High School as a sophomore. School was very exciting for me. I loved seeing my friends and my teachers. I wouldn't call myself a straight \"A\" student, but I didn't struggle too much in my classes. I was merely \"B\" average. 1st semester was over and almost 3rd quarter. The day went by fast. The final bell rang for us to go home. As everyone bolted out the door, people began talking in their own little conversations. The hallway was super crowded. I felt like I was being watched, but then again, I thought that if your in such a crowded hallway there really isn't much to look at except for other people, so I ignored it. I pushed and shoved my way outside. I immediately took my cell phone from my purse. No missed calls, no new messages. I flipped the phone shut and began to walk home. I lived about a mile away from school. I was used to walking this far. I was in track since the 7th grade. I loved to run. I made short cuts to get home too, so that I would get there quicker. I walked past the fields and the little lake that I personally liked to call Little Lake, to show off my creativity. I had finally got to the last short cut. The woods. I had made a path that led me straight through it. It was faster than going around on the highway where all the \"Road Hogs\" speed ninety to nothing. I headed into the woods. Trees hovered over me, causing the sun to disappear and leaving me little light. I take this path everyday after school, but somehow it felt different today. All of a sudden, everything was quiet. The leaves on the trees had stopped rustling and the chirping of birds had ceased. I stopped and looked around. I seen and heard nothing. I cautiously began walking again. Out of a tree, a startled bird flew out, causing me to jump. \"Argh!\" I gasped as it flew away into the air and out of sight. \"Dumb bird.\" I murmured to myself. I gotta get home before mom and dad start to worry . I thought to myself. I turned back around and in front of me, about 4 yards away in the nearly black bushes, was a man. It was so dark that the only thing that I could see, was the outline of him. He just stood there, unmoving. I slowly stepped backwards. I took about five steps when I suddenly ran into something else. I turned around in horror. It was another man! He grabbed my arms as I fought to get away. I screamed as loud as I could, hoping someone would hear me, but it was no use. The man in the bushes walked towards me. He waved his hand and the other guy released my arms, shoving me down into the dirty woodsy floor in the process. He disappeared into the darkness. The other one knelt down beside me. My breathing was coming in gasps. I was crying so hard that I could barely see through my teary eyes. He wiped them away gently. \"Why are you doing this? What do you want?\" I cried. He was silent before me. All that he did was get closer to me. I slid away from him as he crept closer. I kept sliding until my back was against something hard, a tree. Oh great! \"I thought this day would never come. I have at last got you.\" he said with a sigh. \"What d-do you mean?\" I shivered. \"How do you know me?\" I shook my head, trying to clear it. If he knew me, then I had to of known him, right? He leaned down and kissed my cheek gently. I sat frozen, holding my breath. oh my god I thought. \"I love you.\" he whispered. What do I do?! What could I do? I as trapped between him and this damn tree! I was helpless! \"No, no, no, no, no…\" I repeated. He grasped my hand and held tight. \"you will do exactly what I say when I say it! Are we clear?\" he said through his teeth. I hesitated, but he squeezed my hand harder. \"Ow, yes, yes we're clear.\" I whimpered. \"Why are you doing this?\" I asked again. He stood up with a huge grin on his face, his teeth glistening. \"Because you belong to me!\" he said with a chuckle. O_o oh not poor Abby! :O find out who the men are in the next chapter :D ps: chapters will be longer than this :D[Chapter 2] Poor Abby is now finding out more about her abductors. Thanks for reviewing! The man, who had disappeared after throwing me to the ground had returned. \"Are you ready?\" he asked. The man sighed and grabbed my arm, pulling me up. \"Yes. Lets go.\" he scowled. He pushed me like I was nothing. I didn't say anything. I thought that after what I just heard, I would be best to just shut up. I cried and reached for trees to pull me away from his unbreakable grasp. I was unsuccessful. I could see the road from there. No cars on the road? Where are all the \"Road Hogs\" when you need them? As we got closer, I did see one car on the road. My first instinct was to scream and call for help. I sucked in as much air in my lungs that I could manage. I was half a second from screaming when I saw Wade push a button on the keys that made the car unlock bleep, bleep I frowned and all the air inside me when out with in a gust. He turned and smiled at me as the man squeezed my shoulders tighter. How could no one be on this road? School just got out! shouldn't there be cars everywhere? Or at least a bus? They opened the door and pushed me inside. I struggled to get out when they closed the door in my face. I scooted to the other door. Damn! Child safety locks! I screamed uselessly, \"Let me out!\" I banged on the door. The men stood near to hood of the car, paying no attention to me. Assholes. They spoke about something with serious looks on their faces. I couldn't make out what they were saying. I could see their faces more clearly now that we were in the sunlight. A brown headed man shot his thumb out im my direction. What could they possibly want with me? What made me so damn important? He was bigger than the other man, whom which was blond and skinny. He look more muscular….more dangerous. The blond headed guy was less threatening. They both got into the car. The blond man in the drivers seat. I moved as close to the other door as I could as the brown haired man sat in the back seat with me. As I moved, he moved with me, getting closer and closer. I silently began hyperventilating. Thousands of questions ran through my mind: How does he know me? I don't want to die? Is he going to kill me? Don't make eye contact, just calm down! Everything is going to be fine. To top everything off, my head began to throb. I closed my eyes as I put my head in my hands with my elbows on my knees. Migranes hurt! I felt a pair of eyes burning my skin. I looked out the dark, tinted windows. Fields that went on for miles past by me. I seen a farmer on a tracter on the side of the road wave and smile at us. He had no clue what was going on. I wished that I knew what time it was. It was getting dark outside. I looked at Joe slowly from the corner of my eyes. He was busy gazing out the window to notice. His brown eyes were deep; like he was thinking about something. I tried to guess his age. I'd say about 25, 26 maybe. He wasn't that old…but too old for me. Way, way to old. The migrane got worse. It felt like someone was actually beating my head with a hammer. I saw hundreds of little black dots as my ears began to ring a dull sound. Oh my gosh , I thought, I'm fainting! I had never fainted before in my life! This is fainting! The light from the sun that was left faded to black and I couldn't hear anything except for the ringing in my ears. I felt dizzy and couldn't hold my head up any longer. I closed my eyes and everything was pitch black. I was waken by a sound of a door shutting. At first I thought that it was all a dream and that it never of happened. I rubbed my eyes. As I things grew clearer, I noticed that I wasn't in my room. I was in a different room with white walls. Two windows were on the other side of the room with green curtains. It was kind of strange how white and green were my two favorite color combinations. The room was pretty bare other than that. I had a white dresser to the right of the bed. On it, was a jewelry box and a radio. It was all coming back to me. The fainting, the woods, being trapped, and…them. Those two men. I walked over to the window and looked outside in fear. I was about 2 stories high from the ground. There was no way I'm jumping. I was afraid of heights as it was. The door swung open and I jumped. The blond headed man walked in with a smile on his face. He was carrying a cup of water and a pill bottle. I stood still and silent by the window. My eyes were wide with shock. \"Aint no use in going to the window to break outta here.\" he said in a low warning tone. I looked outside again for two seconds, then finally stepped away, crossing my arms. He set the glass of water and bottle on the dresser. \"Have a seat.\" he invited, kindly. He grabbed two pills from the bottle and handed me the water. \"This will help your head.\" he murmured. I hesitated, but took the pills. I later thought if that was such a great idea. My parents always told me to never take pills unless you know what they were. I shook my head, too late now. I frowned. The man looked around the room. \"I hope you like your room. I painted it and picked everything out myself.\" he smiled. I stared at the floor. \"Who are you?\" I asked, annoyed. He looked at me, the smile still in place. \"Oh,\" he laughed, \"sorry, I guess it was impolite of me to not introduce myself. I am Wade. Nice to meet you, Abby.\" he grinned. I didn't smile as I looked at him. \"How do you know me? Do you want money? Ransom?\" I shook my head again. Wade looked at the floor then. \"You know, Joe, the guy downstairs, he is…he really is a nice guy.\" wade complimented. I rolled my eyes. He sure did seem nice to me. \"…Once you get to know him, that it…\" he shrugged his shoulders. Yeah, that's more like it. \"I've known him for about 14 years now. He might get angry sometimes but he gets over it quick, I promise you.\" he looked me in the eyes. He got up and opened the door. \"Feel free to go anywhere you like,\" he said as he began to close the door. The door opened again slightly and I heard his voice say, \"in the house!\" Bastard! I sighed and got up from the bed. I would take his advice about the window, at least, for now. I slowly walked towards the door. I turned the knob, not trusting it one bit. I poked my head out the door. I turned my head left, then right. Nothing was there. The hallway was white and bare. I shut the door behind me and took a deep breath. Okay, so he wasn't lying about that part. I turned the corner and found a single flight of stairs. I walked down them quietly, thinking before every step. The room was quite large. I assumed that it was the family room. The windows were covered up so there was barely any sun light in the room. A lamp was lit next to the tan couch, in which the brown headed man sat on. What did Wade say his name was? Oh, right, Joe. He was reading the yesterday's newspaper. He turned his head to the side. \"Good morning, Abby.\" he said politely. I didn't respond. There was no way I'm going to be polite to this asshole. After all, I was kidnapped. He folded the paper and rose from the couch. A smile was planted on his face. He held his hand out toward the kitchen. \"Hungry?\" he asked. I merely nodded once. I was wondering if it was even safe to eat. My stomach ached. He brushed past me into the kitchen. As he set the toast on the table, he sat in the chair acrossed from me. I took a small bite. \"So, uh, I know that this may be an awkward position for you to be in…\" he began to mumble. I raised my eyebrows as I chewed. \"…but you do not understand. In time you will understand, I suppose. I had no other choice. I couldn't take it anymore.\" he finished. I finished the toast and got up from the chair. Joe stood with me and took my plate away. \"Thanks.\" I mumbled unthinkingly. My parents raised a polite child, it was a habit. Joe grinned, \"no problem.\" I sat on the couch and stared at the floor. He sat next to me and put his arm around my shoulders. He pulled me toward him, so that I was leaning awkwardly beside him. We sat there for what seemed like hours more than seconds. I closed my eyes and thought of home. I wondered if they even found out what happened yet. I struggled sit myself upright again. He wouldn't let me go. After a while, he released me. \"Talk to me,\" he sighed, \"I like to hear the sound of your voice.\" he said at last. I hesitated. \"I want to go home.\" I choked out the last word. Joe was silent. The silence of him was killing me. \"Can I ask you something, though?\" I wondered, turning towards him. \"How do you know me?\" I asked. \"I have been watching you for the past year.\" he said without sounding ashamed. \"I watched your grades and everything. I can help you in Geometry, you know?\" he smirked at me. I didn't smile. I was too horrified to make any kind of emotion. \"Your writing skills are amazing. You have a busy social life: you play softball, volleyball, and run track. You're an athlete without a doubt. Shall I continue?\" he grinned at me. \"No.\" I said and turned away. Creepy!! :D So i wonder what's going to happen to her now?[Chapter 3] This is an intense chapter :D Warning: little of a lemon at the end :O Please review because reviewing gives me more feed back and better chapters!! :D Originally, this was 2 seperate chapters, but i wanted them to be longer so i just combined them. :D hope you all dont mind. lol :D 10 minutes later, or so it seemed, I began to get up from the couch. Joe stood up also. I look two steps when Joe grabbed my arm. I looked at my arm, then at him. What the hell did he think he was doing? I didn't even have time to pull away; Joe had his lips locked to mine. He kissed me gently. I tried to pull away, but he was too strong. The kiss got more intense, wilder, as he pulled me closer. My body was curving unwillingly to his. I whimpered. No! Leave me alone! I shouted in my head. He continued kissing me. I wanted so badly to punch him in the face! For the first time in my life, I actually wished that I was dead. By pure luck, there was a knock at the door. \"Come in!\" Joe yelled. He sighed as he looked at me. \"Maybe later, huh?\" he smiled as he walked away. My breathing came in gasps. My eyes were wide and I could feel them watering up. Wade walked into the room. \"Hey Abby.\" he smiled. \"Hi.\" I mouthed. \" So, what's going on?\" he asked, sitting beside me where Joe had just been less than 2 minutes ago. I inched away. I looked around the room. The front door was slightly ajar. \"May I use restroom?\" I asked. Wade smiled, \"Of course you can. Just down the hall and to your right.\" he instructed as I got up. \" Wade.\" Joe called from the other room. Wade heaved himself off the couch and walked into the other room. I pivoted to the door. I cautiously opened it, trying not to make the door creak. There was just enough room for me to get outside. I turned and took one more look to see if they were coming. The coast was clear. I ran as fast as I could, turning left and right. My legs carried me for miles. My lungs felt like they were going to burst if I didn't stop, but I urged myself on. No turning back now. I dodged the tree's and branches that stuck out, trying to trip me as I made my escape. I couldn't believe it. I was running. I was going home! My family! Friends! A burst of adrenaline ran through my veins, causing me to go faster. Tears fell down my cheeks as the wind blew past me. It was bright outside. I guessed that it was morning. About 9:00, 9:30 maybe. My mind was on full focus of going home, a root of a tree stuck up from the ground and caught my foot. Argh!\" I squealed as I fell to the ground, rolling down the hill in the woods. I felt poking and thrashing pain as I rolled, hearing twigs snapping and leaves crushing. I closed my eyes so I wouldn't get sick. A huge gust of air left my lungs as I skidded to a stop with an \"oomph.\" . My hands stung and my chest throbbed. I took a deep breath as I raised my head from the dirty forest floor. Slightly opening my eyes, I sat on my knees. My hands were bleeding. I looked ahead. There was a break in the trees. Heart still racing, I ran to it. Hope was in me again. I hugged a tree at the edge and looked out. I seen open fields. I squinted and looked harder. \"School!\" I screamed as fresh tears formed in my eyes. I pushed the corn out of my way as I ran though the field. Each step brought life into me again. I climbed up the stone steps in the front of the school. I pushed the double doors open and dizzily walked inside. Everyone was silent as they stared at me. I was crying from both joy and exhaustion. I hell to the hard, cold floor. \"Abby!\" I heard a call. The room was spinning around me. I seen a pair of feet step in front of me. \"Abby? Can you hear me?\" I recognized the voice. It was my best friend. I turned my head to face her. \"Ashley?\" I cried. \"Ashley….\" I tried to tell her I was sorry, but the words wouldn't come out. \"What is going on?\" I heard a new voice, Mr. Trent. \" Help!\" Ashley cried out. I heard a pair of feet running, along with others following. I opened my eyes, I didn't even realize that I had closed them. \"Call an ambulance!\" he shouted. \"Stay with me Abby. Your going to be fine. Stay with me.\" he chanted to me in hushed tones. I tried to talk but no words came out. My throat was so dry. I heard sirens wailing. I knew I was safe now. I watched as Ashley got sent to class by my geometry teacher. She stared at me with sympathetic eyes before she turned and left. \" Hello, Abby. My name is Sherriff Jennings. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?\" he pinched his eyebrows together. I shook my head. \"Did you get any names? Anything that you can say to describe them?\" he clicked his pen out. \"Joe and Wade.\" I murmured. I turned my head and saw two very familiar people running at me at full speed. \"Abby!\" my mom yelled. \"Mom….dad!\" I was crying again. My parents wrapped me in their arms as we cried together. \"Oh, Abby…\" my dad cried as he kissed my hair. I probably looked scary. I felt dirty. The paramedics wrapped my hand in gauze to stop the bleeding. I still had blood on my shirt. Sherriff Jennings cleared his throat to get our attention. \"Why don't you go home and relax. Get a good nights sleep. We can talk about this later.\" he smiled warmly. I got into our car and leaned my head back against the seat. A cop car followed us back to my house. I went upstairs and laid on my bed. My own bed. I immediately fell asleep, dreaming. The dream felt to real. Almost like déjà vu. I was in the dark woods again. It was silent and there was a dark figure about 10 feet from me. \"Dream\" didn't describe this… \"Nightmare\" was more like it! Joe jumped out in front of me with a knife to my throat. I gasped in horror and screamed as loud as I could. \"Why did you leave me?\" he whispered in my ear. I continued screaming. Joe laughed and… I woke up with a jolt. It was morning already. I pulled the covers off my body and groggily slumped into the bathroom. I noticed my hands were shaking uncontrollably. It was only a dream. Calm down. I told myself. I splashed cold water in my face, an attempt to wake me up. \" Abby!\" my mother called from downstairs. \"Yeah?\" I yelled back. I heard footsteps coming upstairs. I waited for my mom's arrival. \"Hey.\" he half smiled. I smiled back. \"Morning.\" she sat on my bed next to me. \"Are you sure about this?\" she whispered. I nodded. I wanted to go back to school. I had to keep in routine. If I stopped doing things that I normally do, it might become even worse to deal with all of this. \" Okay then,\" mom got up, \"I love you.\" she smiled as she walked out the door. I threw on a light blue shirt and dark blue jeans. I rushed downstairs and got into the drawer. I pulled out a yellow notebook and two pencils. \"What's that for?\" I heard my dad ask, his eyes were deep in thought, his mind wasn't all the way there. \"I don't have…\" \" Oh.\" he interrupted me with a nod. A frown was carved into his cheeks. I kissed him and said bye as I walked out the door. As I climbed the school stairs, I felt like someone was watching me again. I felt sick. \"What happened to her? That didn't really happen…\" I heard many voices whisper behind me. I rolled my eyes and shook my head. Bastards didn't know anything! \" Hey, Abby.\" I looked up to see Brady Grither jog up to me. I smiled at him. Brady was a boy from my computer class. He was one of them popular boys that hung out with all the pretty girls. He was cute, I had to admit, but usually personality makes up for it. I didn't understand guys. It was just plain sick. \" How are ya?\" he asked, pinching his brows together. Oh, just dandy! I thought. \"Fine.\" I mumbled. He rocked back and forth a little. \"So, what happened to you? I mean, you were fine yesterday…\" \" I'm not going to talk about it.\" I spat at him. Brady's eyes widened. I didn't care if I offended him or not. It didn't matter. It was my choice if I wanted to speak about his or not. The school bell rang and I walked off, leaving him behind. I stepped trough the door of my Biology class. This was my favorite class. Favorite teacher. I breathed in though my nose, taking the room in. My teacher, Mrs. Daniels, passed out Chapter 15 notes along with a work sheet. I looked at the paper. We had just began studying about Mitosis and the phases. Okay , I thought, Prophase, Metaphase, Anaphase, Telephone . I repeated in my head. I classified them each very well. I heard the old rusted squeak of the classroom door as someone entered the room. Everyone nosily looked up, except for me. I was too focused in my work. I didn't want to get distracted now. I was doing so well. I heard the heals of their shoes clicking as their foot hit the floor. They were coming closer through the rows of desks. Mrs. Daniels looked at him with amused eyes. \"Excuse me, I'm over here.\" he chuckled as she waved her hand at him. \"may I talk with a student outside? Please?\" A voice answered. \" Are you a teacher?\" she countered. \" I am a substitute.\" he smiled. Something wasn't right about this person. I know I heard that voice before. I slowly looked up with my eyes closed. \"Please don't be him.\" I prayed to myself. I opened my eyes and seen Joe staring at me with an intense expression. I jumped back out of my seat and gasped. Joe smiled and narrowed his eyes. \" I need to see your school card.\" Mrs. Daniels rose from her chair, raising her voice. Joe turned from me to her, reaching in his coat. \"Sure thing.\" he winked at her. \"Ah, here it is\" he grinned as he pulled out a black gun, pointing it at her. Everyone dove for the floor for cover. \"Abby,\" he scowled at me as I cringed on the floor, scared for my life. He suddenly grabbed Mrs. Daniels by the hair and pointed the gun to her temple. \"Get the fuck over here!\" he said through his teeth. I closed my eyes, tears poured down. \"I swear I will blow her fuckin head off!\" he growled. I began to get up. \"Don't do it Abby!\" Mrs. Daniels yelled. I hesitated for a brief second. If I wouldn't, he would kill her. After killing her, no doubt he wouldn't go through all this just to leave without me. He would still find a way to get me. It was a horrifying thought. Why lose an unnecessary life? I took a step closer. \"No!\" she screamed as Joe pulled her hair. \"Please stop.\" I whispered, \"Please let her go.\" I cryed. \"You get over here first!\" he pointed the gun at me, then back to her. I slowly stepped to him. He released her and grabbed my throat violently. \"You will never escape me! Your mine! You belong to me!\" he shouted in my face. \" Stop. What do you want with Abby?\" Mrs. Daniels said as she got up from the floor. Joe glared at her. \"You don't understand!\" he muttered. I closed my eyes. He removed his hand from my throat and grabbed my arm. It hurt. \"We love each other! She's mine! She has no one else!\" Mrs. Daniels shook her head. \"She's just a kid.\" she murmured. I opened my eyes and stared at her. Joe didn't respond. He pulled me to the window. \"Help me.\" I whispered. Unfortunately, the window was on the first floor. We were about 4 or 5 feet from the ground. I kicked my legs and slapped my fists at him as he handed me off to Wade. \"Let me go!\" I screamed. \" Abby!\" I heard many people scream. \"Help me!\" I called back. Someone had to help me. I cant go back. Not again! Wade shoved me into the car. I beat on the door. \"No!\" I screamed. Joe jumped through the window and got in. I buried my face in my hands. We finally arrived back at the house. \"Wade, leave us some time alone.\" Joe said as he pushed me into the house. Wade sat outside the door in a lawn chair. Joe led me into his room and sat me on the edge of the bed. I stared at the floor, trying to calm myself, as he paced back and forth. \" I told you you were going to listen to me.\" he yelled as he turned around quickly and slapped his hand across my face. Tears welled up in my eyes. That fuckin hurt. My face grew hot and red. I was feeling sick all of a sudden. He ignored my pain and walked out the door. Once again, I was alone. Joe walked back in after a few minutes. I was still crying. He wiped my tears away gently. I didn't look up from the floor. He leaned closer to me and kissed my lips. I couldn't believe this was happening again. \"No, please, don't….no.\" I whispered. \" You shouldn't have ran away, Abby.\" he murmured as he pushed me to where I was laying on the bed. I struggled to get away. He pinned my legs down to where I couldn't move. \"Stop!\" I whined. Joe hit me in the face again. I could feel the blood run down my nose. While I was still in shock from his blow, he unbuttoned my pants. I kicked and trashed my arms, trying to get him off of me. Joe pinned my arms down next to my head as he connected himself to me. I screamed. It hurt. I wanted him to stop! I could feel the inside of me ripping and tearing apart. He continued as if it didn't even hurt me. He leaned down and kissed my neck bone as he thrusted his hips into me. I couldn't get him to stop. After a while, I just gave up. I was exhausted and nothing I did worked. My body shut down. I wasn't thinking. I just laid there and waited for him to stop. Omg people! It breaks my heart to do that to her. I'm sorry! so was that intense or what? Do you think i should add anything? take something out? yes? no? maybe? review and let me know. :D i dont have a beta yet but im looking. like i said, i'm new to and i dont know everything that i'm doing :D lol :P[Chapter 4] THIS STORY WILL BE CONTINUED ON FICTION PRESS . COM[Chapter 5] i know how much everyone hates A/N's. I hate them too but i am only doing this for you guys. I have some alerts/favs on this story *woohoo* but i feel bad because i am not posting any more of this story ON THIS SITE. I am continueing this story on Fan fiction's sister site Fiction Press. If you look me up there i have the same username as on this site. BellaC611. If you did follow me on there i know i havent posted in a while but now i have a new laptop and i am going to complete this story. I promise. Most of it is already written and it is almost finished. Just a matter of finding time to post it. I posted a chapter yesterday and a chapter today *just now actually* and i hope you guys like it. My writing style is improving and maturing i think so i have been editing this as i type it. I wrote it 5 years ago. Anyways once again i am sorry for the A/N but i just wanted to let those who are really interested and eager to read this story that i am continueing, just on a different site. Which is actually where it belongs since it is an original story and not a fan fiction. Sorry for the inconvieniece. I would really love for you all to go and check out my recent chapters and let me know what you think of them. and even if you dont want to go through all that jazz to make an account on there because you are lazy like me, read it on there and review it right here. I dont mind as long as i get some reviews and you are all satisfied with the chapters. :) Have an awesome day everyone! Any comments or suggestions leave a review or message me. Peace out! ","Summary":" This is my 1st book i have ever written lol. please review it and tell me what you think of it. :D "},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Peter x Steve","Author":"Heartshine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8147111","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue: It was late January. With Christmas time finally past there was little to nothing for Steve to do involving his work. Sure there were forms to sign, idea dart boards to edit and usual routine maintenance checks to be carried out. But everything was quiet compared to the stressful buzz of December. The aftermath of the Christmas deliveries always left Steve feeling accomplished and yet drained. As with the usual routine, his assistant Peter would always sense this without him having to voice his feelings. Peter would do countless extra little things for him that would put him at ease. He would organise Steve's schedules. He warned him in advance if there was anything unpleasant that needed his attention, which stopped his stress levels from rising. When there was a very stressful situation Steve could wind up tightly like no one else in the Clause family. Peter would also take him hot drinks, just when he needed them, as if by magic. Whenever there was no one to talk to, there was always Peter standing by or checking on him, far too eager to listen. As a result, Steve found himself confiding with Peter in ways he didn't feel comfortable too with others, even his younger brother, especially his father . He was just as anchoring and nurturing as Mrs. Claus was to his father. But Steve didn't want to think of it like that. He ignored it as much as possible. He didn't want to admit to anyone that he relied on someone else to smooth out the bumps of his daily grind. Steve would never admit it. He only acknowledged that fact in the back of his mind, it reminded him not to take certain people for granted. Especially a certain Elf who trailed after him like a puppy - a very primp, assertive and intelligent puppy. Author's notes: Hello there. If you like my set up than please do review or bookmark it for later! I've got seventeen pages in small font written up (been writing on and off since the movie came out) that will be posted after they're polished off enough for my liking. I'm starting with short chapters that progressively get bigger with as the plot develops. Stay tuned folks~[Chapter 2] O8o Peter stopped by to meet his best friend. The Elf had been so caught up in his career that he hadn't spared enough time to keep in good touch with his friends. Sure he messaged them on a regular basis with check-in's, updates and greetings, but it was all superficial. They hadn't had a real conversation in a long time. They sat at a small round table in the far corner of a half empty café. It was cosy and warmly lit. '…So you're still housewife-ing Santa's son, eh?' Mina asked idly, making Peter bridle in response. \"I…I don' know what your talking about.\" He countered. Mina smirked, she could see right through him. It was a trait of Peter's to poorly conceal himself from the world around him. He was an open book to any keen eyed viewer. \"I'm still working for him if that's wha' you mean.\" He wasn't going to budge and Mina dropped the subject when Peter refused to make eye contact. \"Ho-kay. What about your apartment? Have you redecorated like you planned to?\" Peter looked surprised, his ears twitched minutely in response. \"D'you know what? I've been so busy I forgot I planned to refurbish the place.\" Mina shook her head sympathetically. But then mischievousness took over and she couldn't resist. \"Do you think you would have remembered if it was Steve's apartment due for redecorating?\" The male elf shrank in his seat and Mina laughed. \"Alright, alright! I know I've been a bit preoccupied. Sheish.\" \"Tea?\" she offered, still grinning broadly. He took the cup from her wordlessly and took a long sip before thanking her. The hot drink easily failed to wash the red from his cheeks. O8o[Chapter 3] O8o \"But Steven, you have a beautiful voice.\" Peter reasoned in surprise. The Elf thought it so indisputable, he forgot to keep his professional airs and called Steve by his name instead of 'sir' while on duty. When Steve turned to look back at him, Peter took in the all-to-familiar embarrassment as it washed over the Clause. Steve always seemed to get mildly flustered when he was complimented on something personal. It was almost as if he didn't expect to be credited and squirmed ever so slightly under limelight. His ego wasn't much to speak of, all things considered. Steven was modest. \"Um, well I wouldn't say that. But…thank you, Peter.\" Steve couldn't bring himself to look Peter in the eye. He felt extremely self conscious that he'd let his guard down in the past enough for Peter to whiteness a few time killing performances. \"Um, Peter?\" \"Yes?\" \"Do you think you could perhaps not tell anyone about that?\" Steve asked a little desperately, knowing full well he couldn't force his PA to keep it a secret. The Elf's face fell. Steve wasn't sure what was behind the look in his eyes, but it made him squirm even more. \"Okay. If that's really what you want.\" Then something sparked in his eyes and a smirk spread on his face. \"I won't tell a soul, until you're ready for the word to be out. It'll be our little secret .\" He whispered the last part, even though they were the only two in the room. Steve found himself smirking back. \"Thanks.\" O8o I realised Steve could actually sing when I heard Hugh Laurie's album:let them talk. I always imagine Steven singing it, what with Hugh being the voice actor and all. Oh, also check out Fry & Laurie on youtube. It's absolutely wonderful. 3[Chapter 4] This is a decent sized chap for once. O8o There was a constant error with any messages sent from Lab 21. They weren't coming through to his station with anything but an error page. It should have been fixed yesterday, but clearly some one hadn't thought it important enough to hurry the process. Peter sighed restlessly. He would have to go down and deliver the update by hand. It wasn't that Peter was completely adverse to the short journey, but he was unaccustomed to playing messenger for anyone other than perhaps Steven on occasion. But for a maintenance update? He felt it was a slight waist of his time. The North Pole HQ was a mile wide at it's smallest point, much more so from far end to far end. Fortunately indoor transporters, akin too but not technically elevators, made such journeys around the base much easier. It only took him five minutes to reach his destination. As soon as the doors to Lab 21 swept open he was greeted with utter chaos. Several silent warning lights were blinking on and off. Elves were shouting panicked instructions to each other and gases of multiple shade clouded all around. \"What's going on in here?\" Peter questioned, completely taken aback. His grip on the bag containing the message tightened. If the doors hadn't closed behind him, willing him to stay and be brave, Peter would have backed out of the Lab for his own safety. \"Don't worry.\" One of the nearby personnel assured from his station, pushing buttons and successfully vacuuming a large blue cloud back into a box. \"None of these chemicals are hazardous. There's been a system malfunction. Everything opened. We would have called for assistance but we've been having trouble getting our messages through.\" \"When did all this start?\" Peter asked, knowing full well that their messaging system was faulty. \"About twenty minutes ago.\" The Scientist replied. As Peter surveyed the area and something caught his eye. It was a white-coat-clad Elf working feverishly at her station, unaware that heavy equipment nearby was starting to tip over. The impact would surely crush and possibly kill her. As soon as Peter realised this, time seemed to slow down. He shouted for her to move, but she didn't respond. With her back turned she either ignored or didn't hear him. Red lights flashed in all directions, glowing against her dark wavy hair and glinting off the teetering metal. From his angle she almost reminded Peter of his mother. \" Move !\" he shouted again, dropping his bag and making a dash for her. He wasn't thinking clearly as he grabbed hold of the unsuspecting woman and ripped her out of her seat. She babbled in utter confusion as he dragged her, as far away as fast as he could manage, from her console. The mumbling noise was shadowed into the background when the heavy machinery tumbled and slammed to the metallic floor, over her station. The abrupt commotion startled most of the other technicians and inventors into silence. It lasted only a few seconds. After he helped the nameless female technician to stand by herself and opened his mouth to offer her an explanation and perhaps apology for being rough, he was cut off. She gasped in horror gaping over his shoulder. Peter turned around, following her line of vision, to find a red laser gun pointing right at his nose. Before he could react he found himself pushed out of range. Another loud noise filled the lab when it fired, this time it was a low buzz of unleashed power. Even though it missed Peter, thanks to the other technician, the beam ricocheted off the shiny surface of the fallen equipment. It took a short moment for Peter to process that the dark blue beam found had it's way right into his chest. Everything was silent. The sounds around him began fading away with the numbing buzz that consumed him. Peter blacked out. O8o Ooooh, a cliff hanger! What happened to peter? What on Earth does that laser actually do? If anyone cares to review, that would be cool. If not: peace to you friend! :)[Chapter 5] When he woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by doctors and scientist, being told his situation, Peter's mind was in a quiet state of shock. He tried to remember, but his memory was hazy and choppy. He knew there had been an accident in one of the invention labs. It involved a...ray… Peter had seen that woman about to get crushed…she looked like his mother… he'd pushed out of the way… then a flash of blue… that was it. He was informed that he was in perfect health despite the ray changing his size. His body mass had doubled. He couldn't quite accept the fact that he was larger than any other Elf who had ever lived. But it all felt like a dream, or a nightmare. Peter felt as if he was watching someone else's life, not living his own. In the days that followed, he was discharged from isolated observation. Hours blurred by. He felt all wrong. Everything was smaller. His co-workers were smaller, and seemed to shrink a little with each passing day. He didn't fit into his house properly, let alone his desk and regular station. Steve paid for everything to be replaced, and refused to let it dent Peter's finances… The Elf was grateful, but he was so bashful he remained silent and stared at the floor. Steven showed concern for his assistant and had Peter been less beside himself, he would have noticed. It wasn't until a few days later, when Peter woke up out of his daze, that Steven got through to him in his 'new office'. Steve found him in the corner, hugging his knees and shaking bitterly while he covered his face. The site of Peter so broken down and reeking abandonment struck through him like lightening. He wasn't a man who could be moved easily, but this managed to tear at his heart. A full moment passed and Steve didn't move, and Peter didn't notice he wasn't completely alone. The Human finally managed to unfreeze. 'Peter?' He asked quietly, making his presence known. The Elf gasped and nearly jumped out of his skin. Steve flinched. He knelt down beside his assistant and put a hand on his shoulder. 'Steven? -I mean sir?…' He was struggling with words, but still promptly addressed him as if they weren't in the circumstances that they were in. It felt…inappropriate. It was 'sir', always 'sir' to the point it felt like a term of endearment. Normally it made him feel a little taller, gave him a small swell of confidence, but now he felt smaller. Here Peter was in shambles, messy haired, red eyed and he had taken the trouble to address him as 'sir'. He looked humiliated, behind the pain in his shiny brown eyes. His cheeks were reddened along with his eyes and nose. Steve had to wonder if he looked like that before or after he was interrupted. The human wasn't aware of the way his concerned face affected the Elf's heart. The wince in his eyes and the tiny crinkle between his thick furrowed brows made him want to soar up high and yet hide in a curled up ball more than ever before. He was completely embarrassed to be seen in such a pathetic, unattractive state by the man who's opinion he valued most. 'Peter…' Steve repeated gently, 'You'll get through this. You're not alone . Everything will work out, you'll be fine.' The shorter man's stomach relaxed at the empathy in his voice. Peter wasn't alone, and he believed him. The tall Elf allowed himself to lean his head against his higher-up's shoulder when Steve sat down next to him congenially. Steve didn't shake him off or become uncomfortable. He just smiled albeit sadly down at him. Affection glinted in his eyes but Peter never caught it as he sniffed and pulled himself together. Here you go buddies. I had no idea there was demand for this story. By popular demand, there will be much more to come this season. Please follow and review. :)[Chapter 6] That same day, the two ended up talking for hours. They had digressed from the office to what might have been the eighth long hall way in some unconscious direction. Steven was very good at changing the subject and distracting the Elf from himself. He even managed to coax the odd laugh out of him which, given the time, was remarkable. Somehow in the hours that they'd lolled around from place to place to talk and 'walk it off' they found themselves in the Human's bedroom. Peter smothered his surprise, given that he'd only been in the doorway the odd time and seen the interior behind Steven via communicators. Steven was always very particular about letting anyone in, it was like a forbidden place. In the bedroom Peter tried and failed to be casual while he took in his surroundings, as they both chatted idly in large leather recliners. Steve offered him a drink. When Peter politely declined, Steve got up to make himself one. Given that he stayed up until the early hours of the mourning to tweak a few projects, he found himself needing an espresso before he crashed. Going through the cupboard he noticed amongst his favourite drinks was an unopened packet of Elfin tea. He had stocked it over a year ago 'just in case' he needed it. But it was never used. Elves had different taste buds than humans. When Peter had eaten or drunken with Steve, he would always be consuming the Elvin alternative with Elvin spices and flavours. While Steve had tea, coffee or hot chocolate, Peter would normally sip on a familiar green liquid that the Human hadn't tried himself. But they had never drunken in his room before - Thus the unopened box. Peter spaced out momentarily watching the Claus press buttons and pull levers on a machine at the far corner or the very large room. Ever since the Lab accident Peter found himself craving human food more and more. But he kept that to himself. His appetite also increased, to his horror. He had been on a strict diet, having vowed to never let himself be a 'wide-middled Elf', so help him. But doctors told him that his body had increased mass so he needed more food for energy. He was still due to grow at least another foot until the metamorphosis was complete. With a small shiver he buried that thought and got up to see what Steven's express machine looked like and if it was more or less advanced than the standard ones used at work. When Steve looked back around from the confectionery cabinet, he found that Peter had closed a considerable distance between them while his back was turned. There was a small, but genuine smile on his PA's lips and a glint in his eyes that somewhat unnerved Steve. It was strange not looking quite so far down to meet his eyes. Steve took the time to carefully note the physical changes Peter had gone through. Apart from the obvious height difference, some of his proportions had changed. His head wasn't wider than his shoulders now. His hair had grown out a few inches longer and his feet were shorter. His pointed nose was smaller than it used to be in proportion to his face and his eyes were larger, making him look feminine and fragile. His ears were also a little smaller and his jaw line was sharper and more 'Human' than Elfin. Steve felt the back of his neck prickle and he fought the urge to rub it. Before either of them could say anything an eerie low sound suddenly echoed around the room. Blackness engulfed them both; there had been another power cut. They both gasped and before Steve gathered his thoughts he felt a warm petite hand grab onto his own. They eventually found there way out of the room. Peter turned out to have a better sense of direction than he himself did, so they made their way to the main hall quicker than they would have had Steve been alone. Before they reached the nearest power grid the lights came back on, having been fixed by someone else. They both squinted as their eyes adjusted back from the pitch darkness. 'Oh, looks like the energy control sector's fixed the problem.' Steve remarked. That was when he realised that they were still holding hands. It was so comfortable, Steve hadn't thought about it. It was too comfortable. He could get used to it, welcome it even. What was more unnerving was the fact that Peter was perfectly aware of the prolonged gesture, he knew Steve knew and yet he didn't make any move to break the contact. '…Uh…' Steve mumbled swinging their clasped hands and gently sliding out his own. He did it in a way that let them both pretend he had only just noticed and it was obvious to stop, because they could both see now. Steve wanted to pretend that it all was as simple as that. So when Peter stared at him as if nothing odd had happened, he called it a night and walked away. As the number of double doors increased between himself and the tall Elf he found his feet moving faster; he was running away, as far as his reason would take him. Oh the drama.[Chapter 7] This is set two weeks on from the last chapter. Peter is coping much better, thanks to Steve. Mrs Clause was glad to have the family together at the dinner table for once. Even though they were all tired and several kinds of indifferent, she was still thankful for the reunion. They all tended to be so busy, dinners had to be organised days in advance. Martha sat down and took in the usual sight. Her husband was helping himself to seconds contentedly. Arthur and Grandsanta were discussing five topics at once, all seemingly without relevance due to Arthur's…unpredictability. Grandsanta never pulled the boy up on this; he just went along down the trail of digression. Because Arthur was the favourite, probably the only person the old man extended an effort not to offend. Her eldest son seemed preoccupied with his red organiser. After losing countless 'debates' she had conceded that important business messages were allowed to checked during dinner. He was head of several science and communication departments after all. Although the messages didn't appear to be strictly professional judging by the small smiles that pulled at his stoic and often sulky expression. Martha didn't complain of course, she was glad to see Steven happy for once. Besides, any weaker being would surely have resorted to earplugs to drown out the politically incorrect, convoluted drawl Gransanta was now spouting about his rain as Santa. O8o You did a great job with the announcements today, Sir. -Peter Thanks. But I disagree. –Steve Perhaps it could be improved with a piano number to set the mood? -Peter Oh god…-Steve I can see it now: New velvet curtains, you in a tuxedo sitting at a grand piano singing with roses thrown at your feet. It would be brilliant Sir. -Peter Peter. No. You know how I feel about crowds…and singing. -Steve I know how I feel about your singing, Sir. -Peter \"What's got you so jolly tin man?\" Grandstand poked, ripping Steve to attention. \"What. Oh, it's nothing. I'm not jolly .\" He insisted with annoyance. He quickly shoved his hoho3000 into his pocket and folded his arms. \"Is texting on a calculator really that fun techno boy?\" he leered. \"At least I can tell a calculator from a coffee machine.\" Steve shot back smoothly, referring to a rather messy electrical accident. \"Oi, watch it you.\" Grandsanta warned, clearly embarrassed. As if the old man could do anything. Steve ignored him and went back to his dinner. He filched when his hoho3000 vibrated silently against his leg. He fought the urge to check it immediately. It would be too conspicuous. Peter messaged again within the minute. Steven ate and silently counted the messages. Three, four...five. He had to check. I know everyone would love your singing if they heard it. -Peter Not that I would ever tell anyone, Sir. I promised and I'll never break a promise. It's our secret. -Peter How many secrets do we have, Sir? I wonder how many things we share together, with no one else. -Peter I'm still up just so you know. -Peter Are you busy after dinner? –Peter A new message popped up on the screen: Never mind Sir. Goodnight. -Peter That night he found a parcel in front of his door. It was red with pink ribbon around it and Steve came to a revelation. Tomorrow was Valentines Day. This story is fuelled by reviews and popular demand.[Chapter 8] Steve thought back to the first Christmas that Peter worked as his PA. It was early stages. Steven had always insisted on working alone but as his work became more time-consuming and advanced he relented. Peter was the third assistant he had taken on temporarily. The first was sweet and motherly, but she couldn't keep up intellectually. The second assistant was so absorbed in numbers and charts that he was forgetful, late and a poor communicator. He didn't have high hopes for his third, having carefully selected him based on his criteria. It wasn't a matter of if he was the right one, but rather how long he would last. The S1 had been struck by lightning three times. The electrical surges caused malfunctions onboard. Fortunately no one was hurt, but several locks opened. It was a complete disaster. 'No. Oh no !' The forth storage unit of the S-1 began spilling out over the Atlantic Ocean. Steve went into panic mode and was dangerously close to a nervous breakdown. As soon as the five million toys hit the surface of the ocean, he would crack. 'Could we summon them back magnetically using their ID patches, Sir?' Peter asked so quickly the words nearly tripped out of his mouth. Steve turned around as if he couldn't believe what he was hearing. The metal and on each toy identification patch contained tiny magnets and electronic chips for quick organising and locating. It had never been done before on such a large scale but it was a shot. One hope out of a hopeless situation. 'Peter, you're a genius !' He straitened up and but his game face on. 'Do it.' He ordered the engineers bridge. 'Amp up the relocating magnets to full power, give it extra if need be. Turn this ship around. We need to catch those presents before the Atlantic does.' They nodded and went feverishly to work. The ship was redirected at blinding speed and before Steve knew it all five million gifts were back in the forth storage locker. Albeit crammed against the walls by magnetism and in no particular order, but safe on the ship none the less. Five minutes later the Elves on that sector of the ship managed to close the storage unit properly and the operation went back underway. It all ran smoothly from that point on and Christmas was still a success. What was more Steve was far more exhilarated than he had been in years. It was the first time Steve felt like he had a safety net. He wouldn't hesitate to tell anyone who asked or would listen about how Peter essentially saved Christmas. He was so proud there was marvel in his eyes when he spoke about it. Peter soaked it up like a sponge and seemed to never leave his side. As time went on Steve found that he truly appreciated it. It was on that December 24th he realised that he was going to keep Peter around, not just for a few months but forever if he could. Two years had passed since then. Steve stared idly up at the mistletoe on the ceiling above him. The poisonous leafy shrub had been put in the office of everyone in the North Pole headquarters who hadn't protested vigorously against it. Regardless of how out of season it was, it seemed oddly appropriate for Valentines Day. Leaning far back in his cushioned wheeled chair, he let his mind go blank. The small present that Peter had given him sat loudly on his desk, unopened. He wasn't sure why he hadn't opened it yet. What could he possibly be so afraid of? Part of him knew that he would need to give a return gift, whatever it was. He was obliged morally, not by custom but by his heart. He organised the delivery of billions of presents to children all over the world, and yet this was different. Peter wasn't a stranger and he certainly wasn't a child. The task of giving him a gift seemed just as daunting as the mass toy deliveries. It meant something more. It was personal and it had to be perfect. Because Peter was perfect. If he didn't do this right it was going to damage something very precious to him. Steve wasn't sure why it had to be so complicated, but it simply was . More time passed and he spun around in his chair, venting his frustrations on a stress ball. He just wished Peter would tell him what he wanted in return instead of having to guess. What if he guessed wrong for heaven's sake? Peter walked into the office with a mug of coffee in hand. It was either very early or very late, depending on how one looked at it. These weren't working hours but Peter had a hunch Steve would be up. He paused when he saw his present to Steve sitting unopened smack in the centre of the desk. Peter looked at Steve tentatively. The Human's chair was turned away, ankles crossed as he tapped the armrest nervously. Then a wave of revelation hit him; Steven was sitting under mistletoe . Steve didn't hear him come in and nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard the cup gently clatter on the wood. When he turned he found his face steadied by two soft hands, and before he knew what was going on lightening hit his stomach. Peter's lips were very warm and slippery as silk with a texture like velvet. They tasted faintly sweet with a flavour he had never had the pleasure of sampling before. A movement directed to pull him away, disobeyed and brought him closer. He wasn't thinking. He found he didn't need to, he didn't want to. For once, he let himself melt into the moment and let the world fade away. … He was ashamed to admit that he avoided Peter like the plague after that 'mistletoe incident'. O8o Peter brushed his sleek brown hair behind his ear. He wouldn't meet Steve's eyes. His voice was small and weak when he spoke. 'So are we just not going to talk about it?' Steve was trapped. He fidgeted in his chair and wouldn't look in the others direction. '…Umm…' The Elf looked even more pained. 'I'm sorry, Sir. …I shouldn't have.' The apology was unwanted. It just made Steve feel guiltier. 'No,' he pinched the bridge of his nose briefly, ' I'm sorry.' Peter squirmed. He didn't want Steve to completely regret the event. It made him feel worthless, which was far from the Human's intentions. 'I was tired and I wasn't thinking properly. I shouldn't have let it happen…' 'Was it that bad…?' the sentiment 'was I that bad' rang clear and made Steve shoot him a worried glance. 'No! No, that's… it's not… Can we just not talk about it?' Steve asked desperately, squirming in agitation. 'But, Sir… Steven, I love you .' he blurted out. Where had that come from? He couldn't help himself. That wasn't how he'd intended to finish the sentence when he'd started. Being in Steve's presence seemed to cast away all of his inhibitions. Now that he knew what it was like to kiss him… it just came pouring out. Like a full mug of feelings that spilt over the edge. The look on Steven's face was…outstanding. Peter couldn't put a clear label to it. He saw a flash of raw emotion before he withdrew into himself. 'Peter…I…I just…' Steve's gazed fell to the green carpet and seemed to be glued there helplessly. Then something changed and his eyes hardened, as if the carpet held the answers. 'No. We can't do this.' He finally replied. Determination rang in every syllable. There was repressed pain smothered behind it. He stood up abruptly and turned to leave. 'But-' 'Do you have any idea what my father would think?' Peter shrank under the glare he was receiving. Steve turned and began walking away. Peter followed after him. 'But sir, it's your life. I know there are a lot of things that would conclude against us…but technically we could!' 'Nope. No, no .' He was going further down the hall, as if he could out-walk the Elf if he tried hard enough. Peter's hands balled up into fists. When the pattering of extra footsteps ceased Steven stopped unwillingly to turn to his PA. His accessing gaze was met with the sight of water slipping past hurt coffee brown eyes. Steve felt as if he had been slapped, several times. He felt awful . 'No, Peter… Peter don't cry!' But it was already too late. His face was washed red and he stifled a sob. They were lucky they were the only ones in the hallway. 'I'm sorry ! What do you want me to do? I can't… be with you. I just can't !' Peter's eyes stopped boring into Steve when he closed them. ' Please understand! ' He really did wish Peter could understand. He couldn't do the whole song and dance of love and holding hands - he wasn't allowed. He couldn't let their relationship go that far - he'd already slipped up. He needed Peter around, as a friend . Peter stood up straighter and gulped. 'Fine. Then I'm resigning. Please understand.' He mocked curtly in return. … What? Ice formed in his gut before truth sunk in past the shock. More of this tale to come...[Chapter 9] Days. It only took days before they both fell apart completely. Technically Steve could get by and organise perfectly well without Peter. But metaphorically he was a ghost of himself without the Elf. His younger brother had been the one to help when he felt like his very soul had been stolen. By chance they ended up in the same room. Steve had done his best to avoid his family, but the small rec room that held mostly stored equipment was technically open to staff. Anyone could just waltz in. It just so happened that Arthur did. He had come in to check the floor's heating systems. Why anyone would get Arthur of all people to do that was odd in itself. Steve suspected it was a fools errand to get him out of the way. At his brother's chipper one-sided chatter, Steve barely acknowledged him as he sat on the leather sofa in a most undignified way, hugging his knees with a distant look in his eyes. After checking the heating panel, Arthur paused to stare at his sibling. Something about the look on his face made him frown in concern. 'Steve, what's wrong?' For once, he couldn't bring himself to lie about his feelings anymore. '…A lot of things…' he murmured. 'Why are you so upset? What's happened?' His big brother wouldn't look at him. Arthur could hardly remember the last time he had seen him so upset. 'Steve, talk to me!' 'It's all my fault!' He put his head in his hands. 'He's gone because of me! I need him, so much and I screwed it up royally! Why can't I do anything right? I try to make everyone happy and I end up loosing the most important thing to me! He was… I just…I can't…' He rubbed at his eyes, still hiding his face from his brother. 'I hate myself.' He sighed softly. 'Steve, don't ever say that!' Arthur exclaimed. 'There's nothing to hate about you!' 'That's not true at all. I wake up late, I'm antisocial, I'm constantly driven by the need to please our father, I can't make a quick decision unless lives depend on it and when someone tells me he loves me I throw his feelings in the trash because I'm scared of the consequences!' Arthur was silent. He blinked his wide eyes. But when he spoke he sounded quite confident. 'If he means that much to you then why don't you just tell him that?' He asked softly. 'I…' His brother looked away. 'You obviously love him so you should be together !' Arthur shook his shoulder a little for emphasis. 'What?! I didn't say-' There was a strange panic in his eyes that Arthur rarely caught. He snorted and slouched down to sit next to him, cutting him off. 'You didn't have to. You're my brother and I know you. I know you don't get this upset about someone or something you don't value deeply.' They stared at each other for a moment. Arthur seemed deeply amused. 'Think about it this way: What will make you happier? Being what you think everyone else wants you to be or being with who you love?' Steve stared at his little brother. He couldn't voice just how deeply he was touched or how grateful he was. Arthur was an optimistic wise man in a teenagers body. He was an unstoppable force of goodwill. He deserved to be the next in line behind Father more than Steve did. And that had to be the first time he had ever acknowledged that fact. Maybe if Arthur was the next Santa that would take a lot of pressure of him. 'What if the world was ending tomorrow? What would you do?' Steve imagined just what he would do, when the long term future was no longer a fear factor. Steve would have hunt down Peter to tell him the truth. He would tell him how much he wanted and needed him and admit he loved him back. He would apologise that it took him so long to admit it. He would thank the Elf for every last thing he had done for him and then hold him close until the walls crashed down around them. The world wasn't ending tomorrow of course, so Steve didn't need to be that melodramatic or in such a desperate hurry, but the point was clear. '…You're right.' O8o Peter was a complete wreck. Mina did her best to look after him, and he really did need looking after, but he wasn't getting better any time soon. He would just curl up in his bed and cry and cry for hours. 'Maybe you should just ask him to rehire you?' Mina suggested, rather desperately. 'There are hundreds of Elves who would kill for my previous position. There's no doubt that my job is filled now. I'd be at the bottom of the waiting list - if I could even get on it!' he sniffed and rubbed his eyes. She noticed how much Peter had let himself go during that week after he quit. Normally he would have taken more care of his skin, now he didn't seem to mind irritating or rubbing patches raw. His hair was a mess too. 'Drink something.' She passed him a mug of camomile tea and sat down next to him on the large human-sized bed. Camomile had sedative properties for Elves, hopefully it would make him sleep properly tonight. Peter sipped numbly on the honey substance with his legs folded to his chest in the baggy purple jumper that draped loosely against his frame. She rubbed his back and he sniffed again. 'Maybe you could still try. You had been working for him for a long time. I'll bet you were the best at your job. No one could fill your place like you Peter. He probably misses you.' O8o That Saturday morning, Steve choked on his coffee when he caught sight of the name dashed across the bottom of a job request from. He'd recognise Peter's handwriting anywhere. It was like magic, he appeared whenever Steve needed him. He had barely slept that night, with a skull full of different plans to get him back. He stamped approval on it with red ink and sent it down the nearest delivery shoot. It was the first form he had replied to out of the five hundred and sixty he had gotten over the week since Peter resigned. After all those days apart, the first thing Steve managed to say was 'Well, you've grown taller I see…' It seemed that that wasn't what Peter wanted to hear, or maybe ever acknowledge. 'Ah, yes. But it's only under a foot now to my limit.' ' Then I'll stop growing' was left unsaid. Peter brushed his hair behind one of his large pointed ears and looked at nothing in particular. 'I didn't think you would actually rehire me, Sir.' He admitted, not displeased in the slightest. Steve's brow furrowed. 'Why not? I have every reason to beg you to come back to work for me.' Peter looked up in wonderment, meeting his eyes. 'No one can do your job like you do…and I really… missed you… I wasn't looking around for anyone else to take your place.' Peter blinked a few times beneath his raised eyebrows and swallowed at the lump in his throat. He had to look away. His face reddened, even a faint red glow reached the triangular tips of his ears. 'That's good to hear, Sir. I'm sorry I resigned.' He smiled ruefully at the floor. 'No. I'm sorry I drove you to resign.' Steve folded his arms across his chest. 'You deserved better and I don't think you realise how…valuable you are.' Peter was choking up and as a smile pulled at his lips, his eyes shone with salty liquid. 'You're invaluable to me, Peter.' The last sentence changed the air around them. Steve spread his arms informally. 'Welcome back.' And just like that, Peter was back to his pattern of touching Steve whenever he could rationally get away with it. Steve felt whole again as he held the Elf in his arms, hugging him back. If he could, he would keep him this close from now on. Peter seemed to come to his senses and pulled away rather abruptly. 'Sorry, Steven. I forgot about boundaries-' Steve cut him off. 'No, no it's fine! You can touch me whenever you want.' The Human paused in delayed acknowledgement of how it sounded. As if Peter wasn't shocked enough. The borderline humiliation on Steven's face was priceless. A nervous tittering laugh bubbled up from the Elf's throat. 'I'll assume you didn't mean that quite how it sounded, Sir.' He quirked an eyebrow. 'Ah, Yes …' Steve was actually blushing now, which was a very rare occurrence. Peter revelled in it. wonder what happens now...[Chapter 10] (surprise update) It was truthful to say the universe felt righted now that Peter and Steve were reunited. But there was still separation; they continued to function as a unit smoothly and the unspoken tension between them was both acknowledged and ignored. The following weeks were what could only be described as intensely uneventful. Peter struggled not to remind Steve that he loved him. He hesitated at the end of every message, sometimes deleting what he had written automatically. He developed an angry sore on his tongue from the many times he had bitten down to keep himself in check. 'I'm good at what I do.' He reminded himself. 'I'm good at what I do.' His room was warm in the late hours of the night as he lay awake, as per usual, above the sheets. Sure he couldn't have Steven, but at present no one else was in the picture. If there were then Peter didn't think he would cope. To stand by watching someone else be the object of Steve's affections… He tried not to think about it, or the future, or the inevitable. As long as he could be Steven's right hand man, then he could be content. He dreamt up more ways he could keep hold of his position as he lay curled on his bed, breathing in the red shirt the he had 'borrowed' from the laundry department. It had Steven's scent and it calmed him to no end. When he closed his eyes and inhaled…he felt safe and perfectly sedated. What the Elf didn't know was that Steve was struggling just as much. He was constantly torn between heavy flirting and shutting Peter out with coldly efficient professionalism. He wasn't sure, for all his genius, where to draw the line. The problem was, when he took the time to analyse it, he and Peter were already crossing lines, long before the confession. It was utterly hopeless to try and pretend there was nothing between them when everything contradicted it. To act as if Peter meant nothing to him was to act weird and out of character. To be honest with his emotions sent the love he felt spilling and splattering clumsily, dirtying what little neutrality he had left. Every morning when he woke up, Steve told himself that today would be the day he would tell Peter how he felt. Every night he would go to bed feeling like a failure, assuring himself he would do it tomorrow. Tomorrow never came of course. An uneventful month passed. Despite Steven's cowardice he still thought of them as a couple. Peter was his . He knew that as long as he didn't say it out loud, he was safe. But that wasn't fair to Peter and Steve felt guilty for it. So he was affectionate and made sure Peter knew he cared . He messaged him at odd hours to check on him. It went without saying how many times the random messages had soothed Peter in the midst of depression, for wanting the sender. It was a strange and tiring cycle. But one day the cycle was broken… O8o Some freak electrical bug caused a dam generator to fail. As a result, the entirety of the northwest Elvin town of Quazgale was flooded. It was a tragedy. Over four thousand Elves were hospitalised, fifteen missing and suspected dead. The entire population were left homeless and had to be relocateduntil the town could be recovered. When the news hit HQ everyone went into a frenzy trying to help. Unexpectedly, Peter fell into a state of shock. He wouldn't move or speak and the disturbed look on his face was enough to make Steve release him from duty and send him away with the nearest medical staff. Steve was forced to direct personnel without him. Steve knew Peter's history. Peter grew up in Quazgale. He realised he must have had family in the flooded area and made a personal divergence from the larger rescue projects to locate the status of any Elf related to him in the town. There was only one listed, his mother. She was with the first group of rescued civilians and completely unharmed, thank heavens. He patched a line through to the Rescue Centre to get her to speak to Peter. \"Mrs. Holly? This is Steve Clause, head of North Pole operations. I'm calling to affirm your status. Are you unharmed?\" \"Oh, yes?\" \"Great. You and your group will be transported from your location to spare accommodations in the central pole shortly. Also, I need you to speak with your son. He's very worried about you.\" \"Oh, Peter. Poor dear! You put him on I'll let him now his Mum's alright.\" It was slightly eerie how much the old woman and Peter sounded alike. \"Excellent. I'm patching you through to his room now.\" Steve couldn't quite smile as he pushed buttons into his console to redirect the call to the medical ward. When things were underway and stable, Steve went to check on him and the medics he had left him with. They had assured him that Peter would be fine after he finished speaking to his mother. Steve crept silently into the room to find Peter facing away on a phone. \"No. Don' you worry Mum. Everything will be sorted out.\" He was putting on a brave face and swallowed hard as he swept his hair behind one of his ears. \"I will….Okay. Love you too.\" He hung up the phone and stared at it for a silent moment. Steve spoke up, breaking the silence. \"Do you want to see her?\" He murmured gently. Peter started and then gazed at him, taken aback. \"You could go with Mission Control to pick her up. It might put your mind at ease.\" Peter looked down. \"Yeah… I do.\" The world seemed stable again, knowing his mother was safe. Peter could finally relax. He exhaled deeply and sat on a stool as the tight feeling of horror subsided. He let his shoulders slump forward as he ran a hand over his face and combed through his hair, messing it. He sighed again then his eyes refocused on Steve who was still standing quietly by the doorway. He was keeping a formal distance and he looked…upset and doing a poor job of concealing it. Peter couldn't help wondering if there was a specific reason for it, aside from the obvious tragedy. It wasn't until they had set off and the hazy cloud of subdued relief from shock had worn off, did Peter come back to himself. He realised that he didn't know what was going on. He wasn't organised, he wasn't in charge and his knowledge of the situation was just as sketchy as any uninvolved Elf in the Pole. A sharp wave or dread gripped his stomach. What. Had. He. Done?! Accessing the nearest consol Peter assessed all of the activities that had occurred in his absence. Elves had been fired from high ranking positions for less. Peter had been out of commission for hours, during a crisis . Peter prided himself on his reliability. This was the biggest tarnish on his record yet. Outside of quitting of course, but that seemed almost irrelevant at the moment. O8o Things were quiet as the shuttle glided across the white expense of the North Pole. The F2 was one of many small transport shuttles, designed to travel much less strenuous distances than the S1. It was not nearly as fast and could be piloted automatically once a destination was plotted. The bridge crew was minimal and just monitored functionality. Steve paced around the shuttles narrow halls, calculating the best places to relocate people, weighing time needed against the quality of accommodation. It was a tough call but Steve decided that relocating most of the town into barracks next to the nearest hospital until more space was free was the safest bet. It wasn't the most ideal or comfortable choice but it guaranteed everyone rescued would be safe and secure. He couldn't risk anyone going homeless. He wondered what Peter would think, before remembering that he was probably not in a state of mind to advise him at the time. Without consciously deciding, his feet carried him to the passenger cabin that he had last seem his PA in. He needed to check on him again. To his surprise he found it was empty. Steve thought to message him, but wasn't sure if Peter had his HOHO3000 on him. He wasn't even technically on duty, or last time he checked, fit for it after all. Worried, he exited to search elsewhere, but then to his relief, heard a familiar pattern of footsteps behind him. He turned to see the person he had been looking for, standing alertly a few feet away. \"S-Steven?\" Peter asked timidly, unable to manage sir. His professionalism was shot to hell now. He needed the man he loved to know that he regretted letting him down – more so than his boss. Dejected grey eyes met his own with a flurry of concern. \"I'm so sorry.\" He said in a small voice, shoulders tense as he looked up at Steve like a reprimanded puppy. \"For what?\" \"For – I – I wasn't there when you needed me. I was completely useless in a crisis situation and I just went lala, leaving you short handed. And you actually took the time out to send me off with nurses – and you probably had to replace me – and the new Elf wouldn't know anything about our system and –\" \"Wow, wow, wow, hold on Peter. Stop!\" He shook his head and raised his palms in flustered surprise, as if he could physically clear the air. \"You don't have to apologise for this!\" \"But I failed you.\" Steve winced at the words. Those were his least favourite words. \"You didn't. It's not your fault, you went into shock. A lot of other staff did too. It's not something you need to apologise for. I'm just glad you're feeling better.\" \"You have every right to be angry with me.\" \"Peter…\" He began gently in a soothing tone. The kind of tone he rarely used. Peter interrupted. \"Please don't fire me; I'll do anything to make it up to you!\" Steve's eyebrows shot up and he shook his head in confusion. \"Fire you? Peter don't you think we're a little past the point of firing? You know I'm not going to replace you.\" The brunette looked down, expression hardening. \"I know you hired me because I'm good at what I do. I know that I screwed up. I know that the efficiency of NPO is more important than our…friendship.\" That last word was clipped. Steve zoned out a little at the statement, finding it sounded…wrong. \"Peter—\" \"I've broken the contracted terms of my job. Its protocol that I should at the very least be reprimanded formal—\" \"Peter I'm not going to—\" \"Don't lie to me!\" He burst out. \"When you know I'm just going to be ripped from your side eventually! I need the truth, Steven!\" The Elf's voice hitched on 'need'. His eyes were tearing up and he looked as desperate as ever. Steve was hit with a strong wave of guilt that almost caused him to drop his data pad. He couldn't bear to do this to his PA again. Steve had to fix it. 'The truth' he thought. He closed the distance between them and dropped down on one knee, setting his pad on the floor. Given that Peter was a full foot shorter than him while standing, there was actually less distance between them now. Peter looked utterly confused until Steve took his face in his hands and pulled him down for a kiss. Steve's lips on his felt like heaven, he decided, as the pain in his chest swelled and flowered into pleasure. When the Human parted to end the gesture, Peter didn't know what to do with himself. He wanted to remind him that he loved him. But he didn't dare hope— \"I'm sorry.\" Steve said in a low voice. They were the last words Peter wanted to hear. Given that the Elf couldn't think of anything he should be sorry for except…Maybe was trying to fire Peter in the gentlest way imaginable. Or as it was more likely, Steve was apologising for his latest 'slip-up'. \"Don't.\" Peter found himself saying with more firmness than he felt. He was a faintly quivering mess and his knees had buckled. \"Steven…\" he griped the unbuttoned collar of Steve's green jumpsuit. \"Don't apologise to me… We don't have to talk about it – just, Please …\" The tall Elf leaned in to rest his forehead against the Human's and closed his eyes. \"Just don't say you're sorry for kissing me, because you're allowed to kiss me!\" he urged. \"I love you.\" He murmured with feeling. At those words, Steve felt his chest swell and bleed with a connection he never thought he would have. \"I know you won't accept that because I'm not … what you need. But I would do anything for you!\" \"You're wrong.\" Steve said suddenly. Peter winced. \"You're exactly what I need.\" Peter opened his eyes in surprise. Putting space between them, he found Steve's expression was so tender his stomach melted to the floor. \"You're alway s what I need, Peter.\" He assured gently, though the words held an immense weight. There were so many things Steve Clause didn't know how to say. But he wanted to, deeply. He's spent his whole life learning how to keep a lid on himself, and grown comfortable in his introverted state. But if there was anyone on planet Earth he could bear his soul to without total fear of judgement, it was Peter. Peter deserved to hear those three words returned. He was worth the pain and the fear and the exposure because he was comfort in the sweetest sense. The Elf was an irrefutable force of affection, as warm as the coffee his eyes resembled. Steve needed coffee to function; he needed the Elf more. \"I…\" He tried. He really did. But the words were stuck in his throat. \"I…\" Those wide assessing eyes could never just glace at him. They had to gaze past his exterior and ask his heart questions he wasn't ready to answer. \"I…\" In a strange flurry of confused concern, Peter's hands stroked his face, thumb brushing across his reddening cheek. The other hand raked through his silver fringe, nimble Elvin fingers aiming to soothe. Steve was clearly struggling. The tall Elf smiled at him as if he was, by some impossible notion, adorable. \"It's alright.\" Peter all but cooed, everything about him turning soft. \"You always know what to say to make me feel better.\" Steve had to disagree. It was the other way around. \"No, I—\" Peter's hand covered his mouth, silencing him. \"You don't have to talk about it. I understand.\" He assured, smiling sadly. Steve knew he understood him, most of the time, but he didn't think Peter had any idea what he was trying to say. \"I'm here. Just...keep me close. Please.\" He whispered, voice failing him due to the growing lump in his throat. Steve felt like he was going to crack into pieces, so he pulled Peter close and hold himself together. The embrace was full on, warm and needy. Peter told himself he wasn't going to cry this time. Burying his face in the Human's shoulder he clung to him and breathed him in. Steve felt like he would die if he didn't say it. Turning, he brushed his lips against his PA's pointed ear. \"Peter?\" He whispered, feeling the Elf shiver in response. \"I love you too.\" Well, what can I say? I'm a busy, busy college girl... But if there's any demand, I think I'll try to continue this sooner rather then later. BONUS from next chapter: \"Word gets around fast in the North Pole.\" ","Summary":" Prologue: It was late January. With Christmas time finally past there was little to nothing for Ste"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Abduction","Author":"Elkhouh.13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5982514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Author's notes* **This story shows the perspectives of a girl who experiences a problem that wouldn't be common in an everyday crisis. What happens to her can be possible to anyone, but to most people it would be surreal in a non appealing way, they couldn't ever imagine the hardships she'd been through happening to them. This story has been told in different versions because to some people it had happened to, but not necessarily the same way, only some girls abused this way recover as quickly as the girl in this story.** I was running into the cold dark night with all the energy I could summon, and yet I still heard him breathing down my neck. \"I'll get you for this, hag! You'll never escape me!\" those were his threatening words which echoed through the deserted bushland. The menace in his voice had been a guarantee to me that- obviously- he wasn't going to give up that easily. I was sure that he heard me; my breathing was loud, laboured and irregular. My heart was pounding chaotically, its noise unbearable as though it was deliberately giving me away so he'd find me. My heart was announcing to the terrifying man my whereabouts-\"She's over here! She's over here! Come and get her!\" I knew I couldn't stop running, otherwise I would have been caught. Was he still following me? Could he see me now? Was he trying to trick me into thinking he wasn't there? I was oblivious to the wind whipping past my face, causing my thick long hair to perform a wild dance of rippling black silk behind me. My muscles burnt and complained, begging me to stop as I ran blindly through the textured leaf litter. I must have missed a step or stumbled violently as something suddenly ripped within me, the stinging sensation was located in my shins, and I found myself lurching through the bitter air, the experience dreadful as though an icy knife was slicing through my body. Within the same quarter of that second (although it felt like a century) I was sprawled on a soft, rather fluffy textured surface- like a haystack, face down. Weakly lifting my head, I managed to get a slight glimpse of where I was, somewhere deserted, a type of building, it looked abandoned. I was too exhausted to take in any more details and with every slow, painful breath I took, everything around me became fuzzier and the distance between me and my surroundings seemed greater. My body was disconnected from me, so there was no chance I'd have been able to get up and continue running. The last thing I saw- before falling into a terrifying nightmare- was up high, a circular orange window, tinted by the hours of darkness just enough so that the moonlight filtering through lost its comfortable glow. I closed my eyes and the demon-like faces began to play back in my head, my nightmare had begun... **yeah...I'll just leave it at that...the next chapter shall pick up from where we stopped!** p.s. leave some comments or reviews; I could really use some of those...any type of criticism will be considered useful to me as I need knowledge on how to improve...xP tty guys later![Chapter 2] ***continuing from where we left off** I woke up, startled and in a cold sweat, the hard ground beneath me was cool in contrast to the tingly warm sunlight bathing me in its glow, I must have rolled away from the haystack. Looking up, I noticed the same orange circular window where the light was filtering through and suddenly shuddered, it was the same window as the one from the previous unclear night where strange unseen faces sneered at me. Was he still after me or not, did he give up? I tried to remember exactly how I got where I was. I knew I wouldn't know the exact way anyway, but maybe I could find the road that the man lived in...there was an intersection there leading into a highway. That was all I could remember from when I was first dragged to his house. The building I was sitting in was a run-down and absolutely abandoned barn house, so it was obvious I couldn't find help there. So I had to try to find that intersection by foot, or maybe find another road that will keep me away from the heartless fool. My feet were bare and I was still wearing my tattered blood soaked dress. I must have looked a mess because my mind was also a clutter of unanswered, frantic questions. The last time I saw my family had been long, it's been weeks, if not, months. Oh how I missed them, how I wished to see their faces again. What wouldn't I give to be safe in their arms, it was cruel what that vile beast had put me through. Although I hadn't eaten for days, I found a new raw energy clawing its way through me, I wanted to run again and feel the adrenaline pumping in my limbs. I wanted revenge, I wanted to find authority and tell them what that hideous monster had done to me, to my family. If the police officers were looking for a criminal parasite, I had just the person for them. Eagerly I tried to stand up, but as I let go of the supportive wall of the barn house and applied pressure on my legs, a new pain- which I hadn't noticed since the day before- shot up through them. Look what the repulsive idiot had done to me now, I though to myself, I couldn't even walk anymore and this was because of him. Suddenly, all the energy drained from my body when I realised I wasn't capable of running to get help. I still had to try though, so I limped in the direction of where I thought I might find help. There wasn't much progress though in the distance I'd covered, the trees' branches were knotted and tangled blocking most of my way. I struggled, determined to get somewhere with the precious exertion I used, hoping I wasn't wasting it. I just managed to untangle myself from a tree which obviously hated me, when I heard the crunch of dried leaves snapping beneath a weight that wasn't mine. The steps echoed distantly through the wilderness, but seemed to be getting closer, I ducked for cover and tried to camouflage myself to blend in with the trees, clinging on to myself between a cluster of dull grey bushes. Shutting my eyes and wishing it was my mind playing a trick on me, I remembered the most recent tricks the spiteful fiend had performed on me...and the first one he'd ever done to me when we first met, when it all started… **BAHAHA! XD ^.^ ....you guys have to wait for the next bit! .....that's if anyone's reading this........ -_- *sigh*[Chapter 3] **believe it or not: but this is actually a continuation bit...its just...written in the narrators...flashback point of view...? ...i think...*** Tonight was important, I was meeting that handsome man that has been writing to me romantic vision provoking poems, the more he wrote to me, the more I wanted to see him in person. To be caressed in Eduardo's long muscular arms, to hear his Spanish accented voice. He told he came from a wealthy Spanish family that has been around for many generations. We'd first started our communication over msn and we'd been talking for three weeks every day from then on. We were to meet at the Westminster café and from there, we'd go to his place. I was ready to leave, my parents were dropping me off, it wasn't a long way away, just a half hour drive, they were going in that direction anyway for some conference anyway, and I was more than capable of looking after myself ( \"I mean come on, I'm fifteen, mum!\" ) I nagged my parents, what I really love the way they give in so quickly. I was going to be with Eduardo anyway, he'd protect me from bad guys. \" Bye-bye! We love you! And don't forget to call!\" I impatiently waved to them goodbye and began briskly walking towards the café, an invisible trail of my Chanel no.5 perfume wafted behind me. The café was already crowded, and everyone's features were all of the common English type. Everyone's but a handsome young, foreign looking man. He was sitting at a table alone, looking as though waiting for someone. He was just the way I imagined him to be, a curly haired angel, his dark hair surrounding his olive toned skin like a halo, his face was soft featured, I approached him, and shyly questioned him \"Hi, are you Eduardo?\" The puzzled look on his face told me that he didn't recognise me, I was hurt, if he really wanted to know me, he would have remembered the pictures of myself I sent to him. Suddenly an elegant lady holding two sparkly drinks stood at his table. She frowned as she saw me, \"Who's that you're talking to Antonio?\" I realised I had made a mistake, that wasn't Eduardo. I backed away from his table, confused, \"Err.. I was just leaving, sorry, I thought you were someone else...\" I stammered the stupid apology. So where was Eduardo? A blond, typical English bloke in his mid thirties approached me. He was of a strong, meaty build and he towered high above me. \" Hey…you're Darcie, right? I've been expecting you, it's me, Eduardo\" he stated \"let's grab a seat, would you like to have a drink?\" I didn't know what to say, questions of doubt started to fill my mind. I didn't know if I still wanted to go through with this. There might have been an explanation to what had happened, nevertheless I decided to proceed with caution. \" Uh…sure, let's take a seat.\" At the first opportunity, we sat down, and he ordered some cheap wine. \" You're probably wondering why I don't look Spanish, am I correct? Well, don't worry, usually people on the net exaggerate things a little, don't they? My half brother's aunt married a guy who knew Spanish. You know those poems I sent to you? Well I found them from a website, its got great poems there you know. \" I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but it seemed as though the guy was mocking me with his lustful, greedy eyes. Those piercing blue eyes of his were cold and lifeless, his nose pointy and plain. The way I dressed up for that evening made m e look like I was going to the Oscars, compared to him. Apparently he didn't have much taste in his clothing, they were more or less rags, and his hair was unkempt, his general appearance was of low maintenance. I didn't like that one bit; he seemed dodgy, like those men who prey on younger girls and abduct them to do terrible things to them. I stood up hesitantly as he looked me over with a ravenous attitude, a hungry look on his face. \"Well it was nice seeing you, I'd better go now, Eduardo- goodbye now.\" I was eager to get away from him, so I made for the door, if he was going to follow I had maybe a five minute head start, because he had to pay for the drinks. I had to use my five minutes wisely and rush. The night progressed with speed, coming at a quick pace like a black tidal wave. I had to call my parents and tell them the date was off, they had to pick me up as soon as possible, but meanwhile I had to find a sanctuary of some sort- someone, anyone, to remain safe. The road was quite silent at that moment, just when I needed it to be full of people surrounding me when I needed help. Shakily I fumbled around with my cell phone, when it slipped… but there wasn't a single sound to determine it had crashed on to the ground. \" Hey, what's your hurry- sunshine? I guess you won't be needing this, will you?\" He referred to my phone, \"don't you remember the agreement we had, you're comin' to my place, huh?\" he slipped my phone into his pocket. \"No need to call your mummy.\" He reached out a burly arm and seized me, my first reflex would have been to scream and run away, but I was too paralysed to move, and my stomach felt like it was going to drop out of my buttocks. All I was able to do was to witness him drag me to an old van and feel the hairs on the back of my neck rise as the goose bumps grew. I couldn't even struggle, his grasp was too strong, and like a rag doll, he threw me, and my handbag into his vehicle and slammed the door shut. He came around the other side, to the driver's seat with two pieces of cloth, and there was a strong smell of a sweet substance, like chloroform. The next thing I remembered was his strong arms, crushing me against his hard, barrel shaped chest. Then his hand, holding one of the cloths, swung up to my face, blocking my access to fresh air. **OooooooooooooH! ...tbc.......[Chapter 4] **Poor Darcie! ....let's see what happens next...** The memory was too strong for me to bear, that I just managed to stifle a sob. I was still punishing myself for being so naïve, what I had done had cost me dearly; I shouldn't have taken anything for granted. There still was a series of crunching of the leaf litter, speeding up, this situation reminded me of what the monstrous boar had made me endure everyday. Every night I'd try to hide from him, but I'd fail. I didn't want to remember what he'd done to me anymore, but the flashbacks just wouldn't stop. Consciousness was coming back to me, and I stirred slowly. My nostrils burnt, my stomach wouldn't settle, rolling and heaving, I couldn't think straight. It felt like a hangover, \"So, you're finally awake, it took you long enough, three hours. Geez! It's 11:35. \" I stiffened as the man's voice came from my right, as real and loud as ever, so this wasn't a dream I realised that I was in a really serious problem. I couldn't see anything- was I blind folded? But out of the left corner of the blindfold I saw through a slight tear that we were on a road just about empty a few cars passed by but there seemed to be no chance for me to capture anyone's attention. The van's windshield and windows were heavily tinted no chance of anyone seeing I was in distress. I tried to speak, or make a single sound, but it came out muffled, my mouth was covered with a gag. \"Ha, ha, ha, ha!\" he laughed at me, and that did it, I wanted to reach out to his fat neck and strangle him, but something restrained me from doing so, a hard type of rope was digging into my soft, pale flesh. The pig had tied me to something stable- there was no way I could do anything that would help me to get away from him. \" I tied you up so you wouldn't be able to see the way to my house or how to get away, you'd better not touch the blindfold- or I'll kill you\". The next half hour was unbearable my mobile phone in his pocket kept ringing, finally he lost it, started to scream \"YOU STUPID GIRL-CAN'T YOU STOP THESE PEOPLE CALLING YOU?\" I heard the window roll down and then the loud whipping wind became very audible, but a different noise for a second accompanied the wind, like a low shattering of plastic and micro-chips, and then a thud and a skid of expensive sounding leather, I shied away from the sound… there went my stuff. The window rolled back up and he grunted, clearly satisfied with himself. I was able to see most of the whole ride, but I wasn't letting the brute know that, I just stayed quiet, and tried to remember the turns he took. He didn't talk to me anymore he seemed as though thinking –scheming of what to do to me next. Finally he stopped the van in front of an old house in the middle of nowhere; a bushland, the last road that had any cars- was an intersection about a mile away from where we were. He hopped out of his small truck and came to my door to tow me into his house. Hell was just around the corner, waiting to greet me. The long days and nights passed slowly, feeling like eternity, every night was the same; I was abused at night and then left inside his locked house during the daytime. The lack of food and nutrition- not to mention the constant stress and sleepless nights (-and days-) had caused me to lose too much weight. There were scars and new bruises constantly forming all over my body. Sometimes he gave me food, \"To keep your strength up just enough.\" he'd say, usually the food was contaminated but I had to preserve my strength for a plan I was making up. Having access to the whole inside of the house seemed an advantage if I knew how to use it. Usually, when \"Her-man\" came home, one night in every week, he was drunk and his words slurred. My idea was to play along with him, to pretend that I was starting to like him so that I could gain more access to things I needed to escape with. I was stashing away some tit bits until I had enough under a loose floorboard in the room where everything happened, where I was locked. \"Hi!\" I'd force myself to pipe up whenever I saw him, it was so intolerable, but I had to try. His face usually lit up with evil, mischievous lust every time I greeted him, he was eager to get started every night... I spent another week preparing myself to run away, and soon I was ready to escape, I waited for the night's hours to gather. This was the night Herman usually came home drunk, if I could just distract him, he'll forget to lock the front door and the bedroom door, allowing me to escape. The goods I was taking with me were two days worth of food all bundled up in a piece of cloth, I found under the bed. I hadn't eaten for days just to save this food. I was so nervous and excited by the fact that I may be free soon that my appetite returned suddenly. When I was just about to get hold of a precious stale biscuit, the front door creaked open. I stuffed the priceless bundle under the bed and picked up a pillow from the bed as the bedroom door unlocked. \" Pillow fight!\" I screamed at the barbarian as he entered, faking enthusiasm, oh how he loved stupid games. I was always the victim to his unnecessarily tough games, but this time I was escaping- finally. His eyes were red, his face was red and he clumsily stumbled around the room. His reaction was slow, but he turned to look at me and grinned idiotically, he lunged for the bed and landed on his face, the door was still open and he couldn't see me, he was reaching out for a pillow to lunge at me. I saw the opportunity and kicked him somewhere around the head before grabbing the sack filled with goodies. This time his reaction was fast, he yelped in shock and skilfully grabbed my leg with speed, but his hands were sweaty and slipped. He tugged at me again but this time caught my sac, there was no time –regretfully, I let go of the bag and ran out the bedroom door then to the front door which granted me freedom. I ran outside, turning my head to see him running to the door. The adrenaline was my only source of energy as I ran flat out to the only place which would camouflage me, the bushes were just a few metres away. If I could just get there before he saw me. Total darkness enveloped me, as I was in the leafy zone. His footsteps were not too far away, quite close actually. I kept running anyway, even though gashes on my arms and legs ripped open with a stinging sensation. The warm fluid spilling all over me gave a sense of reality. **tbc...[Chapter 5] ***uuhh...note: this part brings us right back to what was said in the beginning*** That was it, everything that had happened to me. I curled up into a ball, in an upright foetal position - the footsteps were probably a meter away from me now- I prepared myself for the worst. \"Hello? Anybody there? DARCIE!\" The voice was familiar...and....it contained no hint of danger in it. I hadn't heard the voice for weeks-if not months to be precise.... \"Dad!\" I jumped out of the bush and hobbled as quick as I was able to, just to be in his long, warm embrace. After the wonderful hug he stepped back and held me at arm's length . \"What happened to you? You look terrible, are you okay? Tell me what had happened to you!\" I opened my mouth to tell him I was fine now, but I choked on the lump in my throat and burst into tears of misery AND happiness. \"How…how did you find me? How did you know I was in trouble?\" I cried out as he helped me limp through the bush to a road. \"But you're our daughter, how could we stop looking for you when you are in need of us. Come on, let's get you somewhere safe\" A car that has transported me all through my life to different places was waiting for us, parked with familiar figures inside calling out my name. My brother, leaped out of the car laughing hysterically putting his small arms around my stomach and resting his head against me. My mother was a little slower, but when she got to me, I was enveloped in her strong, affectionate hug. The police office was informed about \"Herman\" and I gave the descriptions of him, they told us he was a wanted criminal for years now and his real name was Jack Walsh. The police insisted I had a check up, who knew what happened to me during those dreadful weeks. It turned out I had a few severe infections but most were minor, and I pulled a few muscles. I was just exhausted and needed some rest really. I was allowed to go home which made me happy, I really wanted to be in my family's arms and couldn't wait to get home. The next few days were the happiest of my life; the family reunion was so wet because of the tears that no one could seem to get out of their eyes. I was safe again, at home, bathed, in a fresh change of clothes curled up on the sofa with a hot chocolate on my lap with my family surrounding me. That was all I wanted, the first thing I'd done when I got home after the family reunion was to delete my MSN account. After a month I was attending school again and my social life wasn't too bad. I was happy and healthy again. One night, it was decided that we'd go out for a dinner, and it so happened that we were to the Westminster Cafe, I wasn't happy about it, that was the place where it all started. I urged them to go on without me - that was how desperate I was to stay away from anything that would provoke a nightmare to happen. They managed to persuade me to come with them, they promised they wouldn't leave me, \"You are going to be safe\" they vowed. I panicked in the car and just wouldn't calm down, I just wanted to jump out and end the disaster I thought was about to happen, but my mother just held me down. \"You just need to go out, get some fresh air, and isn't the best way to do it with your family? Relax, you'll be fine, we'll be with you, remember?\" When we got there, a familiar face was there... **GASP! ...who could it be?***[Chapter 6] **WHO IS IT? .....well...there ya go...here's who it is: A boy was there...sitting at a table looking all alone...his face was.... the one I admired that night,\" a curly haired angel, his dark hair surrounding his olive toned skin like a halo, his face was soft featured \" when he looked up and saw me, his face lit up ....and he smiled. He got up and approached us.\"I'm so happy you came, Antonio, without you we wouldn't have had an idea where our daughter was. We just wanted to thank you properly... Darcie, say hello to Antonio, we'll leave you guys to it.\" My mood improved as I talked to Antonio at our own table, he was so polite and gentle. I'd almost forgotten how tender men were capable of being. He told me that the woman I saw before- when I first saw him- was in fact his sister who was carrying drinks to another table to her friend. His charisma enchanted me as he told me what he saw when I walked into the cafe that previous night: \"An angel had just lit up the room with her brilliant glow... when I saw you, I was certain you were the one for me... when I saw you leave the place, I was eager to find you, to be with you, and here we are...\" We talked ...and talked, and soon I'd forgotten that my parents were still watching over me, just as they promised. The next thing that happened shocked me, as our chat became more vigorous, the physical space between us filled up until our foreheads were touching......no one seemed to care...within a few more tantalisingly slow seconds, our lips met...and they \"somehow\" ended up pressed hard against each other, startled, I drew back, noticing my place and the fact that we haven't known each other for more than a couple of hours. I was so close to him now that I felt the heat of his breath which caused warm tingly sparks to play across my skin. A lava hot current surged between us. It was then I knew what actual love was like; desired, passionate, true, tender... don't be ridiculous, you stupid, clueless girl! ...the annoying little voice at the back of my head was unfortunately right...but....I saw it in his eyes: the patient, careful man I always wanted...and he was right in front of me...I knew that I was stupid to love again so quickly...but I was too busy to notice, soaring through the sky like a free spirit **** as we kissed with fervour. *** AAAWWWWWW! .....I guess the ending is pretty happy....but man, is that Darcie stupid or what! ....well...y'know...teens are teens, and that's what i am after all....please comment, I don't care what the contents of your feedbacks are, whether it's an insult or positive...encouragement..? -either way, I'll use it to improve my stories...thank ya! byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! x) *** ","Summary":" *Author's notes* **This story shows the perspectives of a girl who experiences a problem that would"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"My sacrifice","Author":"Veronica-Mountbatten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2151286","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I. A LEAP OF LOVE. Kate Mc.Kay was about to cross the girdernof the Brooklyn bridge. She looked down, shocked; noticing how bignNew York really was. She could clearly see all the buildings, all thenlights…the cars passing by, one after another. An incredible sightnwas met by her eyes. Time was running out for Kate. She had tonjump off the bridge, and quickly. Doing what she was about to donwas beyond ordinary. This kind of leap wasn't common, becausenthis…was a leap of love. She was in love, in love with a man callednLeopold Alexis Elijah Thomas Walker Gareth Mountbatten. Leopold was unlike anyone else she had metnbefore, and it was no surprise at all. He was a duke, from the 19thncentury. The duke of Albany, England. Leopold came into her life and everything changed. Before himnshe had complete control of her life…of her feelings. But, meetingnLeopold and spending time with him had changed her. She realizednthat she couldn't go through life the way she used to: alwaysnbuilding walls around her heart to protect herself from being hurt.nLeopold had taught her that, and he had been the only man able tonbring those walls down. Now, she was finding herself at this point,nknowing that she would go to the moon and back a thousand times fornthis man, if that meant being by his side. It was an incrediblenfeeling, to see how one person could make everything right,neverything worthwhile. That person, for her, was Leopold. Meetingnhim was the most wonderful thing she had ever experienced, and evennthough he had been with her just a few days, she had learned morenabout love from Leopold than she had learned from any other man shenhad been with. Kate's mind began to drift and shenstarted remembering the relationship she and Leopold shared when henwas in the 21st century's New York. She remembered Stuart ( her exnboyfriend) bringing Leopold into their lives. She remembered meetingnthis \"man out of time\" (or Sergeant Pepper as she called him thenfirst time she met him, much to her own amusement). She rememberednhow Charlie (her brother) thought Leopold was an actor and hownStuart came up with the story about bringing someone from the 19thncentury's New York to the 21st century's New York,nwhich was not possible for her at the beginning. In all her memories, she also remembered her first kiss withnLeopold and how romantic it was for her. She remembered theirndisagreements and how badly she wanted to tell him how sorry she was.nShe remembered Stuart and Charlie bringing her, to this point, to thenpoint of making the most important decision of her life: giving itnall up, for love. When she looked back at all of this, she realized that she wasnmore in love with this man that she could have ever imagine to be.nShe was in love with Leopold because of his power; and no, not thenpower that goes along with being an English duke, but the power ofnLeopold's self, the power he had to make a tender moment just anlittle bit more tender, the power he had to make someone's smilenjust a little bit wider, the power he had to make her heart beat andnflutter just a little bit faster, the power he had to make her feelnthat she was a little bit more important that she thought herself tonbe. And suddenly, like a streaming train down a track, fear camento her: \"What if he doesn't really love me?\", \"What if hendoesn't want me there?\", \"What if..?\" and all the questionsnbecame short to endless in quantity. But like any storm, like anyngrief, like winter, all doubts can only last too much, and this timenwas Stuart's turn to help make things clearer. \"Do you love him?\"nhe asked Kate, Kate nodded.. \"That's all you need to know. Nowngo\" said Stuart. In just an instant, all questions had been reduced to none.nIt was all very clear to her, and it all came down to this: She lovednhim, and it didn't matter if he didn't really feel the same way,nit didn't matter if he didn't want her there, all that mattered nat the time is that she was going to try, that she was going to findnout how he felt, that she was going to apologize to him. All thatnmattered is that he knew what she felt: Love What else could she think of? She was a hopeless romantic. Nonmatter how impervious, adamant, and strong people thought she was,nshe was still a person, she was still human. She remembered how JJn(her boss) said to her once that she didn't get caught up innemotion, how she didn't cling to illusion. \"Well\", she thoughtn,\"so much for not clinging to illusion and not getting caught up innemotion, because right now illusion and emotion it's all I'mnholding on to\". With that thought, she jumped off the BrooklynnBridge.[Chapter 2] WELCOME TO 1876. Leopold glanced at all the people that were at the ball. Theynwere all sporadically staring at him, and they were doing thisnbecause in a short amount of time they were all going to listen tonhim making an announcement, an announcement that would mean he hadnmade the decision of his lifetime: who was the woman he was going tonmarry. He didn't want to get married, not for money, and not to anynof these women. As he once said to his uncle Millard (\"Marriage isnthe promise of eternal love, and I cannot promise eternally what Inhaven't felt momentarily\"), he believed that love was meant tonbe real, and the real love he felt was for a woman, a woman namednKate Mc.Kay. A woman that had captured his entire heart. A woman thatnowned his heart and his being. A woman he was deeply in love with. But sadly, their love was not meant to be. They were both toondifferent from one another. They wanted different things out of life,nand he understood that. Still, he felt completely empty, low andnhopeless. Everything seemed to have fallen to pieces and now he wasnthere, in his own time…alone, and about to make a determinantndecision. That decision. No matter how much he thought about it, itnalways came down to the same thing: wishing he could marry Kate. Henwished, so badly, that she was there. He wished he could hold her.nHe wished he could have been more understanding. He wished he wouldnhave listened to her instead of just being caught up in his own pridenand desire. He wished that things had been different. Unfortunately nothing of the sort could happen. Nothing couldnright the wrongs that had already happened. He was now back in hisnown time, and in his own reality. A reality that pained, angered andnscared him beyond reason: being miserable for the rest of his life,nand the only thing left to do was to prepare himself for it. This wasnsomething he had to do. So he took a deep breath, picked up hisnglass, and headed towards the living room. It was time to make hisnannouncement. Kate suddenly found herself in someplace she didn't know. Anplace she reckoned to be the 1876's New York. She just stoodnthere…hypnotized, for a moment, by the beauty of a New York shenhad never seen. But she couldn't let herself be hypnotized for toonlong. She was here to tell a man the strength of her feelings fornhim, and that's what she was going to do. Leopold stood there, in the middle of everything happening innthat crowed room, glass in hand, ready to make a toast to his futurenwife and the next Duchess of Albany. Kate was running as fast she could. She knew that Leopold wasnto choose a bride that very same night, and she knew she had tonreach him in time., in time to tell him her feelings, to tell himnthat what they had had been more that just a weekend, in time to knownif he felt the same way as she did. \"..so I propose a toast, a toast to my wife-to-be and thennew Duchess of Albany..\" said Leopold. In the moment he pronouncednthose words, a very gracious Kate Mc.Kay walked in room. \"Kate Mc.Kay\", he said, as he foundnhimself smiling for the first time since he left the 21stncentury \"of the Mc. Kay's of..\" \"Massapequa\" said Kate.n\"Massapequa\" repeated Leopold, heading towards her. At the samentime, all other women were giving him looks of anger andndisappointment. It was clear that they were not very happy withnLeopold's choice. After a brief moment of silence Kate was the first one tonspeak \"I love you\" she said. \"and I love you\" said Leopoldnsoftly. There were silent once more but this time Leopold spoke firstn \"Kate, we need to talk. Please, let's go outside\". \"Yes, wenreally need to talk\" thought Kate. As they walked out, it was hard not to see that the people innthe room were perplexed, annoyed, and very surprised. Nobody hadnexpected this outrage, specially Leopold's uncle, Millard, whondidn't like this one bit. But neither Kate nor Leopold seemed toncare, not when they had each other once more Soon after Kate and Leopold where both outside the house. Thisntime neither of them knew where to start. However, Kate's desire tontell him what she had come to say took over, so she spoke first:n\"Listen Leopold, I came here because I want to tell you something,nsomething that means a lot to me. Leopold, what we had back there innNew York wasn't just some moment, or a passing–by relationshipnfor me. It wasn't just a great weekend. The truth is…that I lovenyou, Leopold. I really meant it when I said it few minutes ago…and..nI'm really sorry about how things turned out. I should have beennmore understanding.. I'm really…\". She stopped, for she wasn'tnallowed to finish. She was interrupted by Leopold's fingers overnher lips. \"Kate, please, say no more\" he said, rather seriously. She saw this and began to feel very sad, so sad that she hungnher head. Leopold became aware of her sadness, so he did the onlynthing he could: he lifted up her chin, and started speaking \"Kate,nplease listen and listen very carefully, because I don't get to saynthis everyday….\" said Leopold, looking in Kate's eyes \"When Insaid that I loved you a few minutes ago I really meant it too. Inreally love you. You've had me all since I first laid eyes on you,nand my soul and heart have been completely yours since that day.nBelieve me Kate, when I say this. It really means the world to menthat you are here with me tonight, my love. You bring feeling to mynlife…and, I would be extremely happy , if you could grant me thenhonor of having you as my wife.\" finished Leopold, hoping to get anpositive response. Kate was now smiling \"I came this far to tell you I love younLeopold, and having you here makes me realize how much sacrifices arenreally worth it. Of course I would love to be your wife\" shenanswered, touching his cheek. Once she finished saying her words, he embraced her, andnthen…he kissed her. And although it was only for a short time, fornthem it was like an entire century.. After they broke the kiss they held each other for a while,nuntil Leopold reacted and realized it was time to go back inside, butnhe wouldn't be going alone, he would be going with his lovely newnbride. \"I want us to be together, Kate. Forever\" said Leopold, asnthey walked. \"So do I Leopold. So do I\" said Kate. Back inside all people were asking all sorts of questions,nhaving all sorts of attitudes, giving all sorts of looks. Katenstarted feeling a little bit uncomfortable when they (speciallynLeopold) were being assaulted with all these questions \"Where didnyou meet her?\", \"To what family does she belong?\", \"How comenno one knows her?\" At this point Kate started to become worried \"What am Ingoing to tell people?\", \"How am I going to deal with them\", \"IsnLeopold's family gonna like me?\" She started thinking about itnall, so much it was giving her a headache and since all the thinkingnwas only frustrating her, she decided it was best to let things takentheir own course. After all, she was starting a new life with the mannshe loved and nothing could go wrong, or could it?.[Chapter 3] A NEW HOPE….OR NOT: Kate woke up to an uncommonly pleasantnslumber. She opened her eyes and noticed her surroundings. The roomnshe was in was definitely not from her time. The bed, the floor, thencurtains and furniture, weren't like the ones she was accustomednto. All seemed rustic somehow. Rustic and discrete. Rustic butnincredibly pretty. This could only mean one thing: yesterday had beennall real. Leopold from his part, had woken up long ago. He liked witnessingnthe early sun and the mornings, even if they weren't the morningsnof his natal England. It was a beautiful morning indeed, and he wasnfeeling rather cheerful and optimistic this morning in particular,nfor he knew that no matter how bad things were going to be, no matternnow high the tide, how strong the distress, he would have someonenthere by his side, someone that would help him through it all,nsomeone that made him feel that he could do and achieve pretty muchnanything: his Katherine. \"Well, enough of these thoughts already, I'm going to see hownKate is this morning\" Leopold thought to himself as he headed backninto the house, and proceeded to go to the room assigned to her. Kate finished getting dressed and was stillnadmiring her room, but she stepped out of her fascination because ofnthe knock on the door she was suddenly hearing. She went to open thendoor, and found Leopold standing there. She couldn't help but tonsmile at him, and when he smiled back, that was when she foundnherself thinking, that coming to the19th century was surely the bestndecision she had ever made. \"Good morning, Leo\" said Kate \"Goodnmorning to you, my dearest. Please come with me, let's have somenbreakfast\" said Leopold, kissing her cheek. \"Sure\" repliednKate, embracing him in a hug. She was about to take Leopold's hand, but Leopold, being thengentleman he was, and used to his customs and beliefs, offered hernhis arm instead. Kate was confused, so Leopold explained to her:n\"Holding hands is not something that couples that aren't marriednare accustomed to do here in public. It's considered a little toonintimate. Please don't take it wrong. I am not rejecting you andnthis is not meant to be hurtful. I just hope you understand\". Hencould see that Kate was a little disappointed, but she took his armnand smiled at him. They walked, arm in arm to the room where they'dnbe having their morning meal. The room was a very big one, with all kinds of paintings ,nchandeliers, rugs and it had a very large table with decorated tablencloths. It had a dominant rustic taste in it's design, just likenevery other room in the house. Leopold's aunt and uncle, Millard and Matilda, were alreadynthere, and so Kate and Leopold proceeded to walk into the room. Kate knew it was better to stay quietnduring the whole meal. She didn't want to embarrass Leopold and thenatmosphere was going to be tense enough ( or so she figured ). Shendecided that she wouldn't speak unless spoken to, she would benpolite, she would thank Leopold's aunt and uncle for the meal andntheir attentions. In other words, she would try hard, she wouldnbehave the way she was expected to: as a lady. Leopold noticed that Kate was not feelingnvery comfortable once inside the room. He noticed her effort, hernstruggle, to remain calmed. He gave her a reassuring smile, hoping itnwould make her feel more confident. \"Ahh….there you are, my dear Leopold\"nsaid aunt Matilda, rising from the breakfast table to go and greetnLeopold with a hug, which Leopold gladly returned. Leopold was verynfond with his aunt. She always seemed to understand him and shenalways supported him. Matilda loved him as the son she never had, sonthey had a very good relationship. He knew that his aunt wouldnsupport him in his decision to marry Kate. However, he wasn't sonsure about his uncle Millard. Millard was a very complicated personnto deal with. He believed that Leopold's duty was to fulfill hisnobligation as a duke, just like his ancestors. He believed that royalnbloodline was above all others, so it should be something to be proudnof when possessed. However, Leopold didn't feel the same way his uncle did. He didnnot believe that being a duke was something that made someone better.nHe didn't feel superior, not above anyone else. He felt no superiornthan a teacher, or a doctor, or a lawyer, or anyone. In fact, he sawnhimself as their equal. He was a duke, so what? For him it was likenhaving a job, just like any other person has. He was a normal man. Annormal and ordinary man who wanted a normal life. But his uncle,nbeing the man he was, was still very adamant about him not marryingnsomeone unless that someone came along with a great deal of money.nKate had no money, so he already expected his uncle to be the firstnone to disagree with his upcoming marriage. Nonetheless, he didn'tncare. He knew that his happiness was with Kate, and he would marrynher, even if it meant displeasing his uncle. \"Well, Leopold, aren't you going tonintroduce her to us formally?\" asked Leopold's aunt \"Sure aunt,nplease pardon me. Aunt Matilda, uncle Millard, this is Katherine Mc.nKay, my future wife. Kate, darling, these are my beloved aunt annuncle. They raised me since I was little. I owe them my life and allnthat I am\" said Leopold in a very honest manner. \"It's anpleasure to meet you, your lordship, your ladyship\" said Kate,ngiving a polite bow. \"The pleasure is very much ours, Katherine.nPlease don't mind my husband. He's just a bit cranky thisnmorning\" replied Matilda, noticing the look her husband was givingnKate. Both Kate and Leopold sat down, and asnMatilda and Kate started chatting. Kate started feeling a lot morencomfortable. She began to understand why Leopold held his aunt innsuch high esteem. \"So, dear Kate, how did you and Leopoldnmeet?\" asked Matilda. \"Well,\" started Kate \"actually we metndown in Cambridge, while both Leopold and I were studying\" finishednKate, hoping Leopold's aunt would buy her story. \"Oh, howncharming\" replied aunt Matilda, smiling. \"How odd.\" startednMillard \"I don't mean to sound doubtful, Miss. Mc Kay, but it'snjust that Leopold never told us about you; and it's bizarre to findnmy nephew suddenly in love, with someone we've never heard of, andnon the very same day he had been making a bunch of sarcastic remarksnabout love and marriage\" said Millard, who was very suspicious innthe inside. \"If I didn't told you about Kate it was because Inknow you uncle, and you would have never let me keep Kate'sncompany. But if you must know; Kate, her brother Charles and a friendnof theirs, Stuart Besser, were studying with me when I was innCambridge. They were all studying with financial aid, since they werennot wealthy. I met Stuart first, because he got into the AdvancednScience class and so did I. Kate and Charles were already friends ofnStuart's, so I met Kate and Charles through him. Kate and I gotntogether after a while, but we had some disagreements. We thought ourndifferences were not reconcilable, and that, unfortunately, tore usnapart. Anyway, the four of us graduated, and went on with our lives.nWe didn't keep in touch much, but when we came to New York, I sawnStuart again at the science exhibition, and he invited me over to hisnhome, for tea. Kate and her brother Charles were there.\" The duke of Albany stood quiet, since hendidn't know what else to say. Kate could see that, so she knew whatnshe had to do: she had to keep on with his story, and so she startednspeaking \"Yes, I was there at Stuart's, with my brother. I hadn'tnseen Leopold in a long time. I thought we were over each other, butnwhen I saw him that day I couldn't help but to feel for him. I knewnthat we shouldn't have gone our separate ways. Leopold was therenfor a while. We kept looking at each other, but neither I or him saidnanything related to our previous involvement. However, he did say henwas to announce a bride that day. I spent all afternoon thinkingnabout him, about us, and I realized how much I still really lovednhim. So, I decided to follow him, to drop by at the engagement party,nto see if he still felt something for me. And well, as you know now,nit turned out that we still felt for each other.\" Kate finished the story feeling very stressed. She just prayednthat Leopold's family would believe it. \"That's the mostnridiculous story I've ever heard, and still I am not surprised\"nsaid Millard. \"Leopold, tell me. Have you been hiding somethingnelse from me?\" \"I have just been trying to have a life of my ownnuncle, not a life led by you in every single way. I am my own person.nI'm in title to make my own decisions\" explained Leopold \"Enough of this you two. Can't we even have a decent meal?\"ninterrupted Matilda. \"Forgive me aunt, you are absolutely right. Indo apologize uncle, if I was disrespectful in any way\" saidnLeopold. Millard just stood silent. Matilda and Kate started talking again. Katenseemed more like herself. Leopold saw that Kate was more relaxed, andnit pleased him. Kate was a charming woman, a charming spirit, a soulnlike no other. She would fit in nicely, he was sure. \"Leopold, might I have a word, in private?\" Millard asked Leopoldnin a low voice, as breakfast was coming to an end. \"Certainlynuncle\". They headed to Millard's studio, leaving Kate and Matildanto talk about women issues. Millard closed the door behind him, andnstarted speaking very sternly: \"What's the matter with younLeopold? Do you have an acorn for a brain? Who in the seven heavensnis this girl and who is her family? I demand an answer, now!\"n\"Well uncle\" said Leopold, rather smugly \"To answer your firstnquestion nothing is wrong with me, you told to me choose someone tonmarry, and so I did. To answer your third question, Kate is a verynrespectable and honorable woman, who lost her parents when she wasnyoung, leaving her to take her of her brother Charles. However, bothnKate and Charles have managed quite well on their own. I'm surentheir parents would be proud of them if they could see them now. Theynare not wealthy, but they have one another. Anyway, I think I'm stillnmissing one of your questions…what was your second question again,nuncle? \" \"Don't you dare mock me Leopold Mountbatten. I'mnyour uncle, and you owe me respect! I took your sorry self in whennyour parents perished, have you forgotten!\" responded a rathernangry Millard \"You owe me respect too, uncle. I haven't forgottennhow much I owe you and I never will , but you've been disapprovingnand criticizing my decisions all my life and I don't think that'snfair. I have worked hard uncle. Hard for what I am now and hard fornwhat I still want to be. Please, all I want is for you to have faithnin me, just this once\" said Leopold, almost pleadingly. \"FaithnLeopold? Faith in what? In your stupid inventions? The devices younjabber so much about? Faith in your poor choices? In marryingnsome…filthy town girl from who knows where, with no money at all?nNo Leopold, I cannot have faith in that! How can you be sonregardless about our family's situation, our economical problem? Howninconsiderate and selfish can you be?\" Those words hurt Leopold. Ever since he was anchild, he had felt that nothing would satisfy his uncle, that nothingnhe did would make his uncle proud. Well, no more. He was tired of it,ntired of expecting something that he knew would never come \"Verynwell uncle. I will not grieve over your lack of support, for I havennever had it and I cannot grieve over something I've nevernhad. I will marry Kate, with or without your blessing. I willncontinue to do my inventions, and I will continue to stand for what Inbelieve in, because I think that is what I should do. I'm followingnmy heart and my instincts, and I will keep on doing so. Good day,nuncle\" said Leopold, as he started making his way out of hisnuncle's studio \"Leopold, don't you dare turn your back on me!\"nsaid an irate Millard. \"I'm not turning anything against you ,nuncle. I just don't feel very well all of the sudden. Now, ifnyou'll excuse me, I have things to attend to. Good day\" saidnLeopold, who walked out without saying another word. Millard started thinking. He hadn't meant tonmake Leopold feel bad. He only wanted his nephew to realize how badnthe situation in the family was, and how an intelligent marriage wasnneeded to solve it. He wanted his nephew so see how lucky he wasnbeing born a duke, but Leopold just wanted to throw it all away.nMillard only wished to protect him and his family, specially now thatnhis family had no money. He knew money was needed in order to prevailnin monarchy, so Leopold had to marry, and to marry someone withnmoney. Millard was aware that it would mean a great sacrifice fromnLeopold's side, but he would come around in due time, and he wouldnlearn to love his wife. However, Leopold wasn't the one to agreento that. He was like his mother and father, and like his mother andnfather, he believed that marriage was to be done for love. Millard,non the other hand, had married for money. His marriage had beennarranged by his own parents. It was a good marriage, and he hadnlearned to love his wife. Nevertheless, Leopold's father Henry Joseph had not complied innthe same manner to his parents' will. He had found his own bride (angirl called Margaret ), much to the chagrin of everyone, evennMillard. But then again, it was no surprise. Henry had been veryndifferent to all past dukes. He was his own person, with his ownnthoughts and visions, and he always expressed himself as he was, andnso did his wife . There was no doubt that Leopold was Henry andnMargaret's son. Sadly Leopold's parents had died when Leopold was very young.nHe was 8 years old when his father and mother were killed in annaccident, so Leopold was pretty much raised by the people he livednwith: his aunt and uncle, the servants, and his personal companionnand caretaker, Otis. They all influenced Leopold's upbringing,nspecially Otis. Otis had always been there for Leopold, and not onlynas a friend, but as a father as well. The Mountbatten family had gone through a lot of difficult times,nand Millard wasn't about to let his family be turned into ashes. Henwould find a way to make this girl go. He didn't like this girl onenbit and she was not appropriate for Leopold, not in the very least.nHe had to make her go, to never return. That way she could leavenLeopold alone to live his life as it should be…as a duke!. Withnthose thoughts clouding his mind, Millard left his studio. Matilda, from her part had liked Kate sincenthe very beginning, and she was enjoying herself talking to her.nKate, she reckoned, was an honest and intelligent girl, and shenseemed very much in love with Leopold. She only wanted her nephew tonbe happy, and if this girl meant his happiness, she was going tonsupport it. Leopold was like her son, and she would defend himnagainst everything and everyone, even Millard. Kate and Matilda were still talking, whennLeopold came in. He noticed both Kate and his aunt talking, so hensaid politely: \"Pardon me for the interruption, aunt. Kate,ndarling, are you up from a morning ride?\" \"Sure, I'd love to\"nreplied Kate, smiling. \"Excuse me, your ladyship\" said Kate,nwhich earned her a smile from Matilda. \"This girl is the one fornhim. I can feel it\" she thought to herself. Kate and Leopold headed outside. Leopoldnwas still upset about the talk with his uncle. He wasn't the typenof person who could hide his feelings easily, so even if he tried tonhide how uncomfortable he was feeling about the whole situation withnhis uncle, Kate noticed the change in his attitude. They were bothnwalking, but he wasn't speaking. It seemed as if he was in somensort of a trance, deeply thinking. Kate decided to break the silencen\"Leopold, honey, is everything alright? You seem to be worriednabout something\" asked Kate, feeling somewhat concerned. Leopoldnturned to look at her, and smiled \"Don't you worry my dear, don'tnyou worry about anything at all\" he said as he kissed her foreheadnand looked in her eyes, to assure her \"Everything is fine myndearest Katherine. Everything's right when you are by my side, andnif something is ever meant to be wrong I will never let any harm comennear you, ever. I will always stand by you, and I will always protectnyou no matter the cost\". Kate still knew something was wrong withnLeopold, and she wanted to press the subject further, but decidednagainst it, because she didn't want to ruin their morning walk.nAfter all, it's not every day you get to have a morning walk arm innarm, soul in soul with a ravishing duke, is it?. So, Kate didn'tninsist on the subject, but still, embracing him, she said taking hisnhand. \"Ok, Leo. You know I love you, very very much, and even ifnnothing is wrong now, you know you can always talk to me, you cannalways trust me, no matter what's going on, ok? You mean the worldnto me, and I want you to be happy, I wanna see you smiling, always\".nHearing this, Leopold smiled, thinking of how lucky he was, innfinding someone like Kate. Someone that really loved him. Kate and Leopold spoke for a while, until they decided that itnwas better to come back into the house, since it was nearly noon. It was about lunchtime that very same day. Both Kate and Leopoldnhad retired to their respective quarters to change into somethingnmore comfortable for lunch. Kate was the first one to walk into the dinning room. She greetednMillard and Matilda, and proceeded to sit on the table. Millard was still angry. Angry at Leopoldnfor doing this to his life, to his future. He shouldn't marry thisngirl. She wasn't even of his social stature, she didn't havenmoney, she didn't have anything. What could she possibly offer tonLeopold? His answer was a simple one: nothing. To make things worse,nthis girl was also different. He could see something different aboutnher, as if she was from another place, or country at the very least.nMillard didn't like that, not one bit, for not only did this girlnseemed to be from God knows where, but this girl was a sure troublenfor his family. In addition to those facts, he reallyncouldn't picture her as a duchess, She didn't have the class nornthe presence. She was just some girl, some foolish ordinary girl.nDefinitely not for his nephew. He had to get rid of her, he had tonmake this girl go back to the little hole she had come from. And henhad to make her go…now. He knew that Leopold would be very angry atnhim for doing this, but he had no choice, did he? All he wanted wasnhis nephew's welfare. He was just going to do what he had to don\"Miss Mc.Kay, could I have a word with you ?\" Millard suddenlynsaid. \"Of course, your Lordship\" said Kate politely. Matilda was about to protest, but decided against it. She onlynprayed, for her family's sake, that Millard wasn't about to donsomething stupid.. She was worried, but no matter her worries shendecided to leave her husband and Kate to it \"I'll go check hownlunch is going while you two chat. I won't be gone long\" shensaid, heading to the kitchen. \"Well, Miss Mc. Kay, I think that we cannhave our little chat now\" said Millard as his wife walked away.nKate nodded and started listening to him \"You see, Miss Mc. Kay, asnyou already know, we are a family of royalty, of values, and highnmoral. Leopold has been induced to that since he was little, andnapart from it, it has always been pretty much his nature. He is anwell-mannered man, an educated man, a man of royalty. Just like hisnfamily. And as royalty, as a duke, he deserves the best. I don'tnmean to be rude here Katherine, but I don't think that a girl likenyou fits the necessary standards. Leopold should be marrying someonenof his social stature, someone with sense of royalty andneducation….and I don't think that you possess those qualities.nSo, given this facts, it's in my duty to ask you, in the mostnrespectable manner, to leave this house, and leave Leopold to liventhe life he deserves.\" Kate stood there, just replaying each wordnin her mind. She knew she wasn't royalty, she knew that her socialnstatus wasn't the same as Leopold's. She knew!. She knew, and shenwas trying, very hard, trying to be the perfect bride, the perfectnwoman, just for Leo. Why couldn't Millard see that? Why couldn'tnhe see how much she loved his nephew?. Kate was on the verge of tearsnand, on the verge of anger. She couldn't say anything. She knewnthere was not standing up for herself on this one. Pride didn'tnmatter, not if Leopold was in the middle of the situation. So she,nnot wanting to say or do anything in a rush or harsh manner, excusednherself to Millard, and left the room. Matilda saw Kate coming out of the diningnroom. She could see that he girl was heartbroken, and she knew it wasnbecause of something Millard had said. She started having a hunch. Anhunch telling her that things weren't going to be alright. Shenapproached her husband. \"Millard, what did you say to that girl?\"nshe asked her husband. \"I told her to leave, Matilda, and I did itnrespectfully. She doesn't have a family, she doesn't even havenmoney, she has nothing to offer to Leopold, nothing!. I did what Inhad to do Matilda.\" responded Millard. \"She has love Millard.nLove and a good heart to offer to our nephew!\" argued Matilda.nMillard glared in response \"I don't quite care about that and younknow it. All I care about is our family. I want our family to have ansecure financial future, Matilda. We have no money. Do you knownwhat's at stake here? Do you! \" shouted Millard .\"Yes I do,nMillard. My dear nephew's heart and that poor girl's heart isnwhat's at stake\" replied Matilda very seriously. Neither of them spoke for a while, \"Inlost my appetite. I'll be in my studio\" said Millard, almostnthrowing his plate to the floor, and leaving Matilda to her thoughts. Leopold got in the dining room, ready tonhave lunch. He noticed that only his aunt was there, and that shenseemed very distraught. \"Auntie, what happened?\" he asked hisnaunt. \"Leopold, honey, I'm so very sorry. It's Kate. Your unclenspoke to Katherine. He told her to leave, Leopold. You must find her,nbefore she does\" answered his aunt, and by listening to this,nLeopold, almost running, went up to Kate's room. He was determinednto stop her from leaving. Kate had been crying and trying to sink her depression bynlistening to music as she packed her things. Her walkman was he onlyndevice she had brought with her, by casualty, and now it was the onlynthing that could remind her who she really was: she wasn't a womannfrom this time, she was a woman from the 21st century. A woman thatnhad come here for love. She didn't want to leave Leopold. She wasnin love with him!. Millard's words had hurt her. She was trying!nTrying to fit in this family, trying to be someone \"royallynpolite\". Trying not to embarrass Leopold with her foolishness.nTrying to even be someone she really wasn't. But it was all uselessnand nothing at this point could console her. She knew that Leopoldnloved his aunt and uncle, and she knew she had no right to destroynhis family with a stupid quarrel about her. She had to do what shenthought was best. She had to be brave, to be brave and do what wasnbest for Leopold. Kate was unselfish enough to sacrifice herself fornthe one she loved, and she was going to do it. The time portal wouldnbe opened that very same day (according to the calculations she didn), so if she was to leave, it had to be done soon. She had to leave,nfor this family's sake. Moments later, with her heart broken, and with a lot of grief innher soul, Kate opened the window, got out the house, and left. Soon after, she was jumping off thenBrooklyn Bridge, and back in her own time.[Chapter 4] IV. DEPARTURE Leopold finally got to Kate's room, but only to find herngone. She was gone, no note, no nothing, just...gone. A wave ofnsadness washed over him. And then, it was all impotence, and anger.nHow could his uncle do this? What had he said to Kate that made herngo?. He felt the urgent need, like an inner fire, to confront hisnuncle, and so he was going to do. Leopold headed to his uncle'snstudio. Millard was in his studio. He knew the girl would leave, whichn pleased him, and he knew that after she left everything would gonback to the way it was. Just like it should have always been. Butnthen, a strong knock on his door stopped his reasoning. Millard opened the door, and saw a very angry Leopold by thendoorway. \"Just out of curiosity, uncle. Do you happen to have anhigh educational degree on how to make people miserable or do younjust find delight in making me miserable?\" shot Leopold.. \"I didnwhat I did to protect you, Leopold, to protect our family. One daynyou'll realize it\" responded Millard. \"What did you say to her,nuncle? What did you say that was so hard she had to leave?\" saidnLeopold, keeping his questioning. \"It doesn't matter what I saidnLeopold. She is gone and that's what matters\" answered Millardncalmly. \"Be a man and tell me what you told her. Tell me to mynface!\" challenged Leopold, who was starting to become impatient.n\"Right. If you must know\" said Leopold's uncle \"I told hernthat she wasn't worthy of you. I told her that you deserved thenbest, and the best is definitely not her. I told her that my nephewndeserved better, and that she should leave. That's what I toldnher.\" Leopold's heart sank at hearing this. \"Why uncle? Why isnit always like this? Why do you have to be such a heartlessnbastard!\" yelled Leopold. Millard was furious, so furious henslapped Leopold across his face with such force his nephew was offnhis feet. \"Don't you dare disrespect me again, you ungratefulnbrat. You'd be rotting in the streets right now if it wasn't fornme! Your worth would be nothing if it wasn't for me!\". Otis had listened to everything. He had been there, in the room,nthe whole time. He had been Leopold's caretaker since Leopold was anchild, and he loved Leopold as his son, and so Leopold loved him as anfather . Otis had been witness of Kate's arrival, and ofneverything going on in the house. He didn't have anything againstnKate, on the contrary, he liked her, and felt very sorry when henfound out she was gone. He knew she made Leopold feel alive. He couldnsee in his Master's eyes, that he was in love with her, and now shenwas gone. He really hated seeing Leopold like this: so sad, sonvulnerable. He went to help Leopold up. Once the duke was on his feetnagain, he said the last words he would be saying to his uncle in anlong time \"I'm sorry if I was ever a burden to you, uncle. Butnbelieve me, I would gladly bring my parents back if I could. A partnof my heart died when they were gone. And now that Kate is gone, Infeel that the part of the heart I have left is dying. Maybe somedaynyou'll learn to think with your heart too, and not only with yournhead.\" With those words, and his emotional pain, Leopold left, notnbothering to look at his uncle anymore. Leopold could feel that Otis was following him. \"Don'tnworry about me Otis, I will be fine. I just need some time alone\"nassured Leopold. \"Your grace, I won't be leaving until I give younsomething to help your injuries. It won't take long\" persistednOtis. \"Nonsense Otis, I'm fine. It's just a small bruise\"ninsisted Leopold. \"And we wouldn't want it to get infected now,nwould we?\" asked Otis sternly. \"Otis, you have always been goodnto me. You're a saint, and I will forever love and cherish you.,nbut right now I need to be alone, please\" requested Leopold,nsmiling at his persistent caretaker. \"Very well your grace, butnplease at least wash up your bruise\" said a rather defeated Otis.n\"I will Otis, I promise you. And please, stop calling me YournGrace, I hate it and you know it\". \"Very well, Master Leopold.\"nreplied Otis \"That's much better\" smiled Leopold, who startednwalking away. \"Master Leopold!\" called Otis. Leopold stopped innhis tracks and turned to see Otis \"Everything will be fine, younand Katherine are meant to be together. You will find your way toneach other once more. Just don't give up on one another, and allnwill be fine. I really do believe that she is the woman for you\"nassured Otis. \"You do Otis?\" asked Leopold. \"Yes, I do. And Inhave no doubts that you are the man for her\" Hearing this, he knew it was time to tell Otis the truthnabout Kate. He knew that it was very possible that Otis would believenhim. \"Otis, I need to tell you something, would you please comenwith me?\" requested Leopold \"Certainly, sire\" said Otis, asnthey both headed to Leopold's room to talk. They arrived to the room and Leopold closed the door behindnhim. \"Otis, I know I can trust you\" affirmed Leopold \"but Inreally must ask you not to tell anyone anything regarding what I amnabout to say\". \"Master Leopold, I swear I won't tell one singlensoul. My lips are sealed\" assured Otis, which made Leopold relax.n\"Alright, Otis, what I am about to say might be hard for you tondigest, and even hard to believe. I want you to know that if youndon't believe my words, I'll understand.\". Those words left Otis to be all ears. \"Asnyou know, Otis\" continued Leopold \"Kate is from New York\" Otisnnodded \"but, Otis, you don't know the truth of how Kate and Inmet, which is the interesting part of all of this. You see, the day Inwas to announce a bride, I saw a man, at the science convention innwhich Roebling's erection was presented. I didn't recognize him,nbut he seemed very odd to me,. Still, I decided to pay no importancento him. However. when we came back here, I saw him again, at thenball. I knew he was the same man I had seen earlier that day, so Infollowed him throughout the house, without him noticing. Finally, henwent into one of the house's rooms. I tried to talk to him, but hendidn't seem to want to talk. I suppose he was a little bit scared,nbecause he ran out of the house. I followed him. I did until henstopped in the exact place where Roebling's erection is. Inwanted to catch up with him, but suddenly he started climbing his waynto the top of the construction. He seemed willing to jump, all thenway down to the river. I didn't want the man to commit suicide, sonI went after him. I climbed as I was trying to talk to him intonstopping, but he didn't. By the time I reached the top the man wasnon the edge of the construction, ready to jump. He jumped, but I wasnon time to take a hold on his hand. I tried to bring him up again,nbut the edge of the construction didn't support the weight of bothnof us, so it collapsed. Then all I remember is that we were on midnair, heading very vigorously towards the river. Then, I remembernwaking up. Waking up in some unknown atmosphere. I realized that Inwasn't in New York anymore, at least not in the New York I knew.nSoon after, I also found out, that the man I told you about, hadndiscovered a crack in time, a crack that allowed him to come to ourntime and go back again to his own time: the 21st century.nThe only problem was, he hadn't gone back alone. I was stuck in hisntime too: the New York of the 21st century.\" Otis stoodnthere for a moment, eyes wide as saucers. \"Otis, I know it's hardnto believe, but I will continue, ok? \" Otis nodded. \"Well, thenplace I was in was full of unknown gadgets and devices. Things I'vennever seen, people I had never seen or met. But anyway, after anwhile, this man I'm telling you about, whose name is Stuart,nreceived a visitor. That visitor was Kate. I was mesmerized by hernsince the first time I saw her. I started treating her as a person,nand I found out what kind of person she was. She was a woman thatnexpressed herself, a fighter, a sincere woman, an honest woman, anloving woman…a beautiful woman, and it wasn't until I madensomething that upset her, that I realized I was not only mesmerizednby her, but I was truly in love with her. I even wrote her a letternto apologize, asking her to dinner. We spent a wonderful evening, anwonderful weekend. After that, we had another disagreement, but thisntime we couldn't talk it over. I had to come back to my own time,nor else I was going to be trapped in that New York for a long time.\"n\"Holy Lord. What happened then Master Leopold? How did you comenback\" asked Otis, who was still very amazed \"You see, Otis, thisncrack in time Stuart found, opens and closes, depending on factorsnlike weather. So, while it was still opened I jumped my way back,njust the same way Stuart and I did the night I followed him.\"n\"That's an amazing story, Master Leopold\" \"It is Otis, butnthings didn't end there. What I didn't know, was that Kate wouldncome back too, and that she would come back because of me. That wasnthe first day you saw her here. That's why neither of you had seennher before, because she had never actually been here.\" \"It makesnsense to me, Master Leopold…. I believe you.\" \"I'm glad it'snnot some deranged story to you Otis, because what I just told is hownKate and I really met. It was not at the university, like we havensaid before. These are the real happenings. That's how it reallynhappened\" \"I don't know what else to say, I am still sonimpressed!\" \"Yes Otis, and it's normal. I know I would be if Inhadn't seen it myself\" said Leopold. Otis began wondering, about what had happened to Kate. \"MasternLeopold, when Kate left, do you think she went back to her own ntime?\" asked Otis, still in curiosity \"I don't know Otis. Shenprobably knew how to make the calculations in order to know when thencrack would be opened. I don't know if she went back to her time,nbut I do believe that if the crack was opened, she most likely did\"nreplied Leopold sadly. \"Do you know how to make the calculations,nMaster Leopold?\" asked Otis. \"I guess I could figure out thenformulas in short time, and that's what I plan to do. Otis, I don'tncare what it takes, I need to go back and get Kate, and I will notnrest until I do so\" finished Leopold. \"I will support you innanyway I can Master Leopold, please let me know if you need anything\"nsaid Otis, supporting Leopold in his decision. \"Thank you Otis. Inwill be in Kate's room, I need to know if she left something thatnmight help me calculate the openings of the crack\" \"Very well,nsire\". \"Thanks again Otis, and thanks for believing me and notnthinking I was a crack case\". \" I will always believe in you. Younare like my son, and I will always stand by you, Master Leopold\"nreplied Otis. Leopold smiled at this and gave Otis an affectionatentap on his shoulder. \"Thanks Otis. You know I will stand by younalso, always. You are the father I never had. Thanks for being there\"nthere was a small silence then \"You know where I'll be Otis.nThanks again\" said Leopold as he was heading to Kate's room oncenagain. Once in Kate's room, Leopold started searching for clues,nfor the calculations he needed to do. He didn't find any guidingnclue on the calculations, but he did find something. A device. Somendevice he had never seen before. He took the device in his hands, andnnoticed that the device had some sort of a headset, like the talkingntelegraph he saw on Stuart's home, but smaller and lighter. Hendecided to bring it to his head. Some kind of music was playing, ansong. A beautiful song. A song that Kate liked or so he thought. Anwhile after he figured out how to use the device. He headed to his laboratory, device in his hands, and totallyndetermined to work out the calculations. That night would be a longnone…… The night was through already and Leopold hadn't slept. Itnwas the morning after Kate had been gone, and he already had thencalculations: It was very probable that Kate was in her own time,naccording to the results of Leopold's investigation. However, therenwas still hope, for in a week's time the portal would be openednagain, and he would jump off the bridge, to get to his Katherine.[Chapter 5] V. BACK TO YOU Stuart and Charlie were worried. Kate hadncome back a week ago, and she didn't seem fine. She wasn'tneating, she didn't want to talk, she was crying very often, and shenwas in fact starting to get sick. Stuart didn't know what hadnhappened while she was on the 19th century, but he knewnthat something very very bad had happened, something so bad it madenher come back. Back in 1876, Leopold sighed. It was now or never. This wasnthe day, this was the moment. \"Otis, aunt Matilda, I will go for anshort walk. I won't be gone long\" Otis nodded, knowing what thisnmeant. Leopold's aunt approached him and gave him a hug \"Everythingnis going to be fine, sweetheart\" she said. \"Yes aunt. It will be\"nsaid Leopold kissing her forehead \"I'll come back by dinnertime\"nhe finally said.. He knew he had to hurry, he didn't have that muchntime. \"Wash away the thoughts inside, That keep my mind away from you… No more love, and no more pride…… And thoughts are all I have to do….\" After finally reaching the bridge, Leopold climbed his way tonthe top. And then, without hesitation, he leaped. Kate had come backnfor him. Now, now was his turn. In Kate's time things were actually not going quite well.n\"She won't talk to me\" said a very worried Charlie to Stuart.n\"My God. We need to do something. At this rate she will makenherself ill\" replied Stuart. \"Yes, she surely will\" agreednCharlie. Before Stuart could answer, he heard a knock on the door. He opened the door to see a very tired-looking Leopoldnstanding there. \"My God, Leo!. Hey Charlie, I think we might justnbe lucky today, look who just got here!\" said Stuart. Charlienturned around to see Leopold. \"Hello Charles, Stuart. Always anpleasure to see you both gentlemen\" said Leopold. \"Hey, Leo!.nGod, I'm so glad that you are here. Please, you have to help us.nIt's Kate. I don't what happened there in your time, but it mustnhave been some hard stuff, Leo, because I've never seen her thisndepressed\" said Charlie. \"My uncle is what happened, Charles. Hendoesn't like the idea of me marrying Kate. He told her to leave. Hentold her that she was unworthy of me and my family, which isnludicrous. I am here to convince Kate otherwise. To convince her ofnthe truth, and the truth is that I love her, and I won't leave thisntime without her. I need to get her back\" said Leopold. \"And fornthat,\" Leopold continued \"I am going to need you two gentlemennhelping me. I think I have a plan that might just work\" finishednLeopold. Leopold wanted to do something very special for Kate, but innorder to do that he would need for her to get out of her house, sonhis plan could work. Charlie already knew what Leopold's plan was. He was angrynat Leopold's uncle for doing this to Kate. But he knew Leopoldnloved Kate, and his actions spoke by themselves. Boy did this dukenhad guts!. There was no way he would do something like that on annatural basis, but Leopold was going to. Now all that was left to donwas to give the plan a little push. He would get Kate out of thenhouse. He got into the apartment and started calling for her. Katenfinally came out of her room, looking like a million broken hearts.nCharlie saw this, but he knew there was no time to waste. He onlynhoped Leopold's plan would work.[Chapter 6] VI . EVERYTHING I DO: LEOPOLD'S PLAN Kate was not feeling well at all. After what happened in the 19th century, she decided to come back to her own time, hoping that time would eventually heal her. But somehow, it wasn't happening. Time wasn't healing her. On the contrary, she was feeling worse and worse every second that passed by. It was as if time wasn't there, as if it didn't exist. She wanted to tell herself that the past days hadn't been real, but that was not the truth. The truth was that she loved him and all had been very real. She needed him, she needed his presence. She tried one last attempt to be hopeful, silently wishing, that time would bring her and Leopold together once again. \"Tears of hope run down my skin, Tears for you that will not dry.. They magnify the one within… And let the outside, slowly die\" But even in her attempt, she knew that it would not happen. It wasn't meant to be. Now, it was over. She was privileged enough already because she had been loved by him. Now it was no more. She needed to overcome this. The question was How? How would she overcome a feeling that was stronger than her?. How would she just tear apart a piece of her own heart? She didn't know, and felt that she probably never will. She was about to fall asleep, when she heard a knock on the door. She didn't feel like opening up, but did it anyway. She saw Charlie standing by the doorway. \"Hey sis\" said Charlie. \" Hey Charlie\" replied Kate \"God…Kate, you look like you've been hit by a couple of buses\" noticed Charlie. \"Thanks Charlie, I love you too\" replied Kate, almost sarcastically. \"Sis, it's not meant to be hurtful. I just think you need to clear your head. Stuart knows of a good place, come with us for dinner \" requested Charlie, hoping she would accept \"I'm not in the mood Charlie\" replied a very frustrated Kate. \"Kate, I don't know what is making you feel this depressed, and I won't know if you don't tell me. I'm not putting pressure on you, I just want you to feel better. Please come with us for dinner. It's just dinner Kate, just today, please\" begged Charlie. \"Ok, Charlie, just give me an hour to get ready\" said Kate in acceptance. \"Thanks sis\" said Charlie, hugging his sister. An hour later Kate came out all ready. She climbed her way up to Stuart's apartment. \"I'm ready guys\" announced Kate. \"You look splendid, Kate\" said Stuart with a smile. \"Thanks Stu. But I know I look like I've been hit by a couple of buses….well, only one bus anyway\" said Kate directing the comment right at Charlie once she realized she didn't look that bad. Charlie and Stuart started laughing. It was good to see Kate's sense of humor was somewhat there. \"Ok, guys. Let's go\" said Charlie. The three of them headed outside. They walked until the came around a restaurant, a fancy one. \"You guys should have told me this was a fancy pants thing\" scolded Kate. \"Nah, you look very beautiful. Right now we are the luckiest guys on earth\" said Stuart. \"I mean it Stuart. I'm not dressed accordingly\" said Kate. She was wearing some black dress pants and a nice light blue blouse. Stuart and Charlie were dressed on pants and shirts. Casual, but not too formal. \"I mean it too Kate. Let's have dinner here, it's a nice place\" tried Stuart .\"Ok, you guys win\" said Kate as she entered the place. Stuart gave Charlie the two thumbs up sign, and they both got in the place too. The place was nice, very private, very quiet, and it had a small stage for bands or musicians to play on. For the look of it, it seemed that someone would be on the spot tonight, and the place was pretty crowed actually. \"Ladies en gentlemen\" began the announcer standing on the stage \" tonight, we have someone special here on this stage. It's his first time singing, so please make him feel at home, make him welcome\". Kate sighed, staring at her almost cold dinner. How she missed Leopold. How she wished he was here. How she wished to hold him, to be in his arms. Being without him made her truly miserable. \"Now, please give it up for…Elijah Thomas!\" finished the announcer. Kate still seemed to be daydreaming. She wasn't even paying attention to the stage. She was thinking about Leopold. Suddenly, the person on stage started to sing: \"Look into my eyes - you will see What you mean to me..\" The beautiful voice caught Kate's attention, so she turned her face to the stage, to see who was singing. \"Search your heart - search your soul And when you find me there you'll search no more ..\" Kate eyes went wide. This wasn't just any man singing. It was Leopold! Her Leopold. And he was singing not just any song, but her favourite romantic song of all times. \"Look into my heart - you will find There's nothing there to hide Take me as I am - take my life I would give it all - I would sacrifice …\" Leopold turned to see Kate (who still was with her eyes wide open, being very impressed ) and he smiled at her. A true smile. He was truly happy to see her. She was his song, his everything. He needed to let her know… so he continued his singing.. \"You know it's true Everything I do - I do it for you \" Leopold finished his song. All the crowd was perplexed. He was a pretty good singer, so everybody clapped and cheered him. Kate was still too impressed to react. So impressed she was almost staggering, or trembling for that matter. She thought herself to be dreaming. This couldn't be real, could it? Leopold liked the song he just sang. It was about love, about sacrifice. But not only did he want to let her know he was willing to make sacrifices. It was necessary to let her know how she made him feel, and he had found the perfect song for that in Kate's musical repertory. Soon after he was singing again: \"Every time our eyes meet This feeling inside me Is almost more than I can take Baby when you touch me I can feel how much you love me And it just blows me away I don't know how you do what you do I'm so in love with you It just keeps getting better I wanna spend the rest of my life With you by my side Forever and ever Every little thing that you do Baby I'm amazed by you\" Again, the crowd cheered, and clapped for a long while. Leopold had such a strong, melodious voice and it was very pleasant to hear him sing. By this time Kate had stepped out of her emotional moment, so she clapped and cheered too. Leopold was very impressed with this. He never thought he could actually sing, but the crowd seemed to like it. And what was more important: Kate seemed to like it. He didn't normally do things like this. In fact he'd never done anything like it, and for him it could be embarrassing. However, this time it seemed it was all worth it. Soon it was time to go but not before thanking the audience and saying something for Kate to hear \"Thanks to all of you, you are all too kind. I hope you enjoyed the songs as much as I did.\" said Leopold, as he contemplated the audience. \"I had never done something like this before, and I never thought I could. But the truth is that nothing happens without a reason, and there's a reason for what I just did. You see, I was never the one to believe in love, I never believed in it….but now I know that I was wrong, and it took just one single someone to make me realize it, to make me understand it. I dedicate these songs to her. I love you, Kate. Things worked out in a way we weren't expecting, and you left, so we could both go our separate ways. I know I could try to go back to the way I was before, to live my life like I used to before I met you, but I can't. Not now… not ever… and it wouldn't be because of lack of trying. It's just that… my feelings for you are stronger than anything else. Stronger than any struggle, or than any rational thought I could come up with…and even stronger than my whole being. Fighting against them would only be a lost battle. The only battle in my life that I'm not willing to fight...\" Leopold saw how Kate's expression started to change, more with every word. Still, he continued his speech \"I love you, Kate…and I can't stop my heart…I don't want to stop it…\" This was too much for Kate. There were so many mixed up thoughts and emotions inside her heart and head. She obviously didn't know what to do, so she did the only thing that she could at the moment: she started crying. No one had ever done something like this for her, and for her it was very special. This action meant the world to her. It was so special it was even hard to believe. When he saw her crying, Leopold got off the stage. He approached her, and then he took her in his arms. Kate was still crying. \"I love you, Kate\" Leopold kept saying, one time after another as he held her and kissed the side of her head. The crowd continued to cheer as they watched the couple embrace each other. Finally, after all went back to normal and Kate and company paid, they all walked out of the restaurant. \"Stu and I will head home. You guys have a lot to talk about\" said Charlie, wanting to give Kate and Leo sometime alone. \"Sure Charlie\" said Kate, drying her tears. Both Stuart and Charlie started walking away. Kate and Leopold walked in silence in the small park that was located in front of the restaurant. None of them said a thing, but after a while, Leopold broke and silence \"Why Kate? Why did you leave me?\" asked Leopold with pain in his voice. Kate stood silent. She knew she had to tell him the truth. He deserved to know the truth at least. He came here, for her, and she was going to tell him the truth. \"Leopold, first of all\" started Kate \"I want you to know that I love you very much, you mean everything to me Leo. If I left it was because of one thing: you deserve the best, and I am not the best. Your uncle told me that, and he is right. He made me realize it. I have no right to screw up the life you could have with someone better. I don't have the right to tear your family apart for a fight over me. I know very well how much your family means to you, and I love you so much I'm willing to sacrifice my own happiness, if that means you will be happy. Apart from that, I'm not good enough for your family, Leo. No matter how much I try to change, no matter how much I try to get along with everyone, I'm just me. Just an ordinary someone. You deserve extraordinary\" finished Kate. \"I see\" said Leopold. \"but I think there's just one problem with your perception, Kate\" continued Leopold. \"What problem?\" asked Kate. \"That it seems you have forgotten that my own happiness is with you. That I love you beyond reason and imagination, you and no other, and for me you are nothing short of extraordinary. My heart and life are empty without you, Katherine. Look, what my uncle said to you, is not true, not in my eyes You are perfect to me, I couldn't ask for more, and I want you to know, Katherine Mc.Kay that I'd be damned before leaving without you. I'm not going anywhere, not without you. I don't care if you are nothing like the women back in my time. I love you because you are not like them, Kate. You are different. You are a beautiful soul. You are special. The most special I've ever met. I love you and I want us to be together\" \"I want that too, Leo...\" Leopold took her hand \"Kate, I know we will have fights and disagreements, but I know we will talk them over, we'll see them through, for we love each other. I'm profoundly sorry about my uncle, but I'm sure he will learn to love and accept you. He had no right to do what he did, and he had no right to say what he said. He doesn't understand the way I feel about you. I'm really sorry if his words hurt you.\" \"It's not your fault, Leo…\" \"I know, but the least I can do is apologize on his accord. But anyway, that's not entirely the reason I came for. I came here, to ask you, to beg you, to come back. Please, Kate. Don't give up on me, don't give up on what we have. Let us fight this one battle….\" pleaded Leopold. Kate didn't know what to say to this. She loved him, and she knew he was right. They need to fight. To stand for what they believed in, and they both believed in each other. They were going to fight, and fight together. Their love was not something to be torn apart, and he was not giving up on her, and so it could only be fair that she didn't give up on him, not when she loved him like this. Still, she did not know what to respond to his comment, but she surely knew what to do, and so, without caring about anything else, she put her hands around his neck, reached to his lips, and she started kissing him. Leopold was surprised at first, since he wasn't expecting a kiss. But he didn't seem to really care about anything else either, so he returned the kiss altogether. The couple kissed lovingly. Nothing mattered in that time. Only the love they felt for each other. They broke the kiss after a while, and stared at each other. \"You are an angel, did you know that?\" said Kate. Leopold smiled and said \"I'm nothing of the sort. I'm just a man. And you are the only woman who has the power of bringing out the best in me\". Kate smiled back, and embraced him in a hug. Leopold welcomed the hug. He never wanted to be without her again. It was very depressing just thinking of it. \"Kate, darling. Please don't leave me ever again. Please promise that whatever may come, no matter how big it is, we'll go through it together. I don't want to be without you ever again. Please promise me this\" said Leopold, still embracing her. \"I promise you, Leo. I love you\" replied Kate, smiling and looking in his eyes. Leopold smiled back and took her hand \"I love you too\" he said as they continued walking. Leopold knew they still had time to enjoy themselves. As unusual as it was, the portal wouldn't close until the next day. Time was on their side once more. The couple kept walking hand in hand. Kate was very curious and she started wondering.: How did Leopold find time to learn two songs? And two songs from the 21st century for that matter. She decided she would ask him, just out of curiosity. \"Leo\" started Kate. Leopold turned to see her \"Yes, my dearest\" answered Leo, kissing her hand. \"How on earth did you know those songs, you know, the ones you sang a while ago? \" asked Kate. Leopold was amused, so he started laughing lightly. \"My dear Kate. What happened,\" he continued \"is that you forgot something back there in my time. Something that I reckon holds certain meaning , since I know you like music. This\" said Leopold, taking Kate's walkman out of his jacket. \"Oh, now I see\" said Kate smiling. \"I guess you figured out how to use it?\" asked Kate, teasing him. \"As a matter of fact, and as implausible as it might seem, I did….after a long while anyway\" Kate started laughing lightly . \"Thank you sweetheart. Thank you for coming here. You really made my day, my dear Elijah Thomas\" said Kate joking, as she put her arms around his waist to give him a small embrace. \"Anytime, my love\" said Leopold, returning the hug .\"and please, address to me properly, call me Master Leopold, or your Grace\" joked Leopold, lifting his chin, trying to seem arrogant. Kate nudged his side and they both started laughing. They were having a splendid time. After the walk. They want back to Kate's apartment. The night was young and they were surely going to enjoy it. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Hey guys waves. I sowwy for not updating earlier, but I've been in work enslavement lately rolls eyes at self Anyways. Just came here to upload a few revamped chapters...and to drop a note to say thatI don't own anything :P!. I don't own the songs I'm mentioning (Remember when it rained, Amazed and Everything I do)! AndI don't own Kate or Leopold. Well,I wishI owned Leopold though...but still...I don't sad sigh. Seriously. I don't own anything!. once again wishes she owned Leopold. I just own the crazy plot you're reading :P. Thanks..and once again, sorry for not updating ealier bows to ask forgiveness[Chapter 7] VII. IT'S A NIGHT TO REMEMBER. SHALL WE DANCE YOUR GRACE ? Kate and Leopold got into Kate's apartment. It was still early, around 9:30 o clock in the evening. Kate went to the kitchen to get something to drink for her and Leopold. She came back with the drinks and once in the living room, she figured it would be nice to put on some music. A well know Celine Dion song started to play. \"For all those times you stood by me For all the truth that you made me see For all the joy you brought to my life For all the wrong that you made right…\" Leopold listened to the song, and watched as Kate started lightly singing and almost dancing to it. She then proceeded to sit on the couch, next to Leo. Kate loved this song. It was one of her favourites. She was cuddling to Leopold in the couch. \"I would ask you to dance, if I knew how to dance this kind of music\" said Leopold. Kate smiled, and stood up \"Stand up and come here, I'll show you what I know. It's not much, but you'll know at least a bit.\" Leopold just gazed that her. No woman had asked him to dance before, and he thought it was brave for a woman to do so. But then again, his Kate was brave. Being brave was one of the qualities he loved her for. One of the many qualities he loved her for. Kate knew that Leopold was thinking about something. She figured she would ask him again, but in a more elegant way \"Can I have the honor of this dance, your highness?\" asked Kate. Leopold's astonishment grew at this point. Not only had she asked him to dance, but she had asked him in the most delightful way possible, at least in his way of thinking. He couldn't bring himself to refuse, so he stood up and bowed slightly \"My beloved lady, the honor, is all mine\". Kate smiled, placed Leopold's arms and her her own in position for the dance. \"Ok, now we just have to sway to the rhythm of the music\" said Kate, trying to teach Leo how to do it. They both started swaying and soon they were dancing to the song. \"For every dream you made come true For all the love I found in you I'll be forever thankful baby You're the one who held me up Never let me fall You're the one who saw me through through it all…\" Leo had to admit this: he was loving it, every second of it. He was fascinated by this type of dancing. \"You were my strength when I was weak You were my voice when I couldn't speak You were my eyes when I couldn't see You saw the best there was in me Lifted me up when I couldn't reach You gave me faith 'cause you believed I'm everything I am Because you loved me…\" Shortly after they both didn't care if they danced right or not. They were just embracing each other, swaying in a hug. And they stayed like that for the rest of the song. \"I'm everything I am. Because you loved me..\" The song ended, and both Kate and Leo wanted to stay like that forever. This was too good for them, too good to be true. Just the marvel of holding each other, was like a fairy tale. A fairy tale of their very own. After listening to some more music, they both fell asleep in each other's arms. This was something Leopold was still not used to. He had never spent the night with someone in such romantic manner. Not anyone before Kate. She was the first one to witness that side of him. Kate was the first to wake up the next morning. Leopold seemed very peaceful, still sleeping. He had his arms around her and she didn't want to wake him up. But it was late already and they needed to prepare for their return to 1876. \"Leo, sugar. Time to wake up.\" said Kate caressing his face \"Ohhh Kate\" said a rather sleepy Leopold \"but I don't want to get up. I want more of this. More 21st century\" Kate started slightly laughing and kissed his cheek \"You'll always have a piece of the 21st century with you. I'll always be by your side\" assured Kate. \"Now, up Leo. We have to plan today. The time portal closes, remember?.\" finished Kate. \"Coming dear, coming\" said Leopold finally getting up to start getting ready to breakfast. Kate wasn't so much of a cook, so she just hoped that Leopold would enjoy the extra special food she was making: ham, eggs and toast. Leopold finally got to the kitchen, which Kate noticed. Kate stared at him. This man could look like a million dollars no matter the situation. She smiled at him. \"Food will be ready in just a minute. Why don't you sit down?. I'll bring it to you when it's ready\". \"Oh….Kate, are you tending to me this morning?\" asked Leopold. \"Of course I am. You're my guest. It's the least I can do\" said Kate in response. Leopold went to sit down and began hearing, much to his own amusement, how Kate was making an effort not to burn anything in the kitchen. She and the kitchen didn't seem to be good friends. Kate finally came with the food, and placed a plate before Leo. All food was looking good, edible at least, thought Leopold.. \"My dear Kate, thank you very much. This looks very good. For starters I see that you actually succeeded in bringing toast, and not charcoal, to the table.\" Kate started laughing \"You heard the riot I was making in the kitchen, didn't you?\" \"Indeed, my dear\" answered Leopold who was laughing at this point too. Kate started eating and so did Leopold. They both finished their breakfast and Kate began to clean up. Leopold came in the kitchen, gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek \"Thank you my dear, for the marvellous meal\". \"You are welcome, honey\" said Kate, taking his hand. Both Stuart and Charlie had gone to a baseball game. They figured Kate and Leo would want some time alone, and they knew they would be back just in time to say goodbye. \"What should we do today my dear Katherine?\" asked Leopold. \"How about a ride in the city? You know: take a walk, get some lunch and stuff\" suggested Kate. \"Kate, as long as I have you for company, I will go anywhere\". ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Disclaimer: I don't own anything :P:P:P. Not Kate, notLeopold, and not the song 'Because you loved me'. I do this just for fun, not for money!. And thank God for that, coz if i did it for money I'd probably starve to death :P:P[Chapter 8] ENTERTAINMENT FOR TWO. Kate and Leopold got out for their ride. First they were to ntake a walk throughout Central Park. It was winter, and so all thensnow could be seen on a now beautiful white New York. New York seemednlike a white palace, like white paradise, like white perfection, thisntime of year. They walked some more, and saw that there were peoplenice-skating, which was perfectly normal to Kate, but this was annactivity totally unknown to Leopold, so he stood there amazed by thisnactivity, or sport it seemed to him. Kate liked ice-skating, she always went with her parents andnCharlie when she was little. She still did it as a grown up withnStuart and Charlie, and the three of them always had so much fun thatnthey always came back each winter She figured it would be fun tonskate, and suddenly it hit her: she could skate today, with Leopold.n\"Leo, sweetheart. Would you like to give it a try?\". \"Sure,nKate. I find it very interesting as it is\". They talked to a man who rented the skates for people thatnwanted to skate there, and got each other a pair. Soon they were onnthe skate track. Lots of people were ice-skating, and Kate, being a pretty goodnskater, knew that there would be no trouble in giving the track a go.nLeopold from his part, didn't know how to do it. He realized thatnpeople fell off their feet quite often, and was beginning to feelnnervous about the whole situation: what he had just gotten himselfninto?. Kate noticed this. She took a hold on Leopold's hand \"Comenon honey, is not as bad as it looks\" reassured Kate. \"Kate, I'mnnot sure how these people still have the luxury of possessing anbackside after this number of falls. I'm not sure about this, dear.nAs a matter of fact, I can say that I'm contempt to have a rathernhealthy backside, thank you very much\" said Leopold, who was verynserious. Kate couldn't help herself, so she started laughing.n\"Sweetheart, you are being awfully negative about this, and it'snnot like you to be. Come on, I won't let you loose until you tellnme so, I promise. And if you fall what do you do? You get back onnyour feet, to go on, just like you have to do in life. Besides, younknow I'll take care of you if your butt ends up swollen and threentimes it's original size\" said Kate, trying to add humor to thensituation. Leopold's lips curled up in a smile \"Ok, darling,nlet's go then.\" They were both now on the track, and Kate held Leopold withnboth her hands. He was really looking frightened at first. Kate wasnskating slowly, she didn't want Leo to be more scared than he wasnalready. All was going fine, until Leopold suddenly startednstaggering in his spot, and fell completely on his back. Since Katenhad been holding him, she fell too. \"Leo, are you ok?\" asked Katenas she got up \"I'm fine Kate.\" said Leopold as he also got up n\"My backside will survive. I'm not sure about my pride though\".nThen, like an explosion, they both erupted with laugher. Thensituation was truly funny. After a short while Leopold managed to actually give a fewnlaps. He found out that skating could be very liberating andnpleasant, specially when done in good company. Kate watched himnskate. He had improved considerably, and he was a fast learner. Shenwas feeling very happy, and all this, this love, was perfect, perfectnfor her. Maybe fairly tales were possible after all. Once they finished their ride and their skating adventure,nKate got an idea. She wanted to go somewhere, somewhere where Leopoldncould feel almost like a child again. Today was a day to have fun. nBut what kind of place would make Leo feel that way? What kind?. Shenstarted asking herself, and when they came around the street wherenthe best known science museum in New York was located, Kate knew shenhad her answer. At this point Leopold didn't know where they were going.n\"Close your eyes, please\" requested Kate \"I beg your pardon?\"nasked Leopold, who was confused. \"I have a surprise for you, pleasenclose your eyes\". Leopold smiled, as he closed his eyes. After anwhile they were still walking as Leopold was getting curious. \"Wherenare we headed, Kate?\" asked Leopold, trying to make some sense outnof the entire situation. \"I told you Leo, it's a surprise\". Thenwalking continued until they finally were at the museum's entrance.nKate and Leopold (still with his eyes closed ) walked in the museum.n\"Ok, honey, you can open you eyes now\" said Kate. At this,nLeopold opened his eyes, and what he saw fascinated him beyondnpossibilities \"My God, Kate. What is this place?\" asked Leopold.n\"This is only the largest, biggest, and most known art and sciencenmuseum in New York, honey. I thought you might like to see it\". Leopold started looking at everything, not leaving the place henwas standing on. His face lit up as if he was a child. He lovednscience, and art. It was his profession. He was a scientist, annengineer. Kate knew she had done right in bringing him here. They walkednaround the museum. Leo was enchanted by all he was seeing. This was antechnological paradise for him. Soon after the museum's tour ended. Leopold was still verynhappy that Kate had brought him here, so happy, that when they gotnout of the door he lifted her up in the air, and started swirling inncircles. \"Darling that was fabulous!\" He said smiling as he putnher down and took her in his arms and leaned over to kiss her,ncompletely disregarding the people that were watching them as theynkissed. They broke the kiss. \"Wow, Leo. If that's what I get, Inthink I should bring you here more often\" said Kate, who wasnthrilled by this kind of kiss and also trying to tease him for hisnexcitement. Leo knew she was teasing him for his evident excitement,nso he smiled and hugged her \"I love you Kate\". \"I love you too\"nsaid Kate in a childish voice as she began ruffling his hair. \"OhnMiss Mc, Kay. I think you made a mistake here. That hair, is firstnclass hair. You mustn't ruffle first class hair\" scolded Leopoldnplayfully \"I see\" said Kate \"and why is that, your highness?\"nasked Kate. \"Because people that do so are severely punished,nMiss.Mc Kay, and you wouldn't want to be punished now, would you ?\"n.\"Ohh...but your highness, there's something you don't see. Andnthat's that if you want to punish me\" started Kate \"you havento catch me first!\" finished Kate, ruffling his hair once morenand running immediately after doing so. Leopold followed after her,nand being the tall man he was, he ended up catching up with her, andnonce he did, he grabbed her by the waist and took her into the air,nswirling around in circles once again. Kate was laughing. \"Leo putnme down, you're gonna make me dizzy!\" yelled Kate. Leo finallynput her down. Kate was panting, and gasping for air. Leopold gave herna smile. \"That should teach you not to mess with royal hair, MissnMc. Kay\" said Leopold jokingly. \"That was my punishment? \"nasked Kate \"Well, I don't think you know about punishments, Mr.nI-have-a-cactus-for-a-head\" continued Kate, also knowing the jokenwas not about to be over. \"Yes, I might look like a cactus\"nsmiled Leopold \"And you happen to be the first woman romanced by ancactus, Katherine Mc. Kay\" said Leopold laughing. Hearing this Katenstarted to crack up with laughter too. \"And you, your highness.nYou happen to be the first cactus ever romanced\" said Kate, who wasnstill laughing furiously. Once their laughter subsided, Kate began to stroke the side ofnhis head \"You are a cactus, but you are a cute cactus. The cutestnI've ever seen\" said Kate. Leopold took her hand and kissed it.n\"And you are the cutest hair-ruffling girl I've ever seen\".nKate smiled and gave him a light kiss on the lips. \"Come onnsweetheart, let's get some lunch. Mind you, late-lunch\" suggestednKate looking at her watch \"I'm famished, so I agree\" saidnLeopold, as he took Kate's arm. They had lunch, and walked back to Kate's apartment. It wasnalmost sunset. They had to get ready to jump of the Brooklyn Bridgenthat day. Stuart and Charlie were back from the game by the time Katenand Leopold arrived to Kate's apartment. Charlie was there, waitingnfor them to get ready. As soon as they got ready, they went up tonStuart's apartment to say goodbye. Stuart and Charlie decided to go with Kate and Leopold. Stuartnwas thankful. Thankful that he had been able to help Kate, to findnthe man she really deserved. They all were ready, and headed to the Bridge. Once they gotnthere, Charlie started to feel melancholic. \"I'm gonna miss younguys\" said a saddened Charlie. \"I'm gonna miss you too Charlie\"nsaid Kate hugging her brother tightly \"Please take care you two\"ncontinued Kate as the hug broke. \"Kate, I know you will be happy.nLeo here will take good care of you.\" began Stuart, as he broughtnhimself to say the words he had needed to say a long time ago \"Inknow I really screwed up before, and I'm sorry. I really nevernmeant to hurt you\". Kate knew he was being honest, so she gave himna kiss on the cheek. \"I know Stu. I really hope things get betternand I really hope you find someone that really loves you. I also hopenthat you always remember, that no matter how much you screw up,nyou'll always be my friend\". Stuart smiled and gave her a smallnhug. \"Gentleman, it was, as always, a pleasure to see you. Pleasendo take care, and rest assured, I will take care of Kate\" saidnLeopold. \"Yeah, we know Leo\" said Charlie, still amazed to seenhow much in love her sister and Leopold were. \"Bye guys\" saidnKate. With that last goodbye, Kate and Leopold, hand in hand, jumpednof the Brooklyn Bridge\"[Chapter 9] WELCOME TO 1876, YET AGAIN. Kate and Leopold found themselves back in 1876. \"Darling..\"nbegan Leopold \"If you experience things that have already happenedndon't the frightened. It's all a part of time travel. It'snprobable that you might talk to my uncle again, just please, don'tnleave this time, alright? \" said Leopold, kissing her cheek. \"It'snok honey, I'll handle it if it happens\" assured Kate. \"Good.nNow let's get inside\" requested Leopold. They finally headed inside. Otis was there to greet them \"MissnMc.Kay. It's a pleasure to have you back.\" said Otis. \"ThanksnOtis, it's really good to see you too\" said Kate. When they sawnthis, Kate and Leopold knew that the time travel hadn't affectednthis time. They were going to start exactly where they had left of:nKate's departure and Leopold's afternoon walk. Kate retired to her room to change, and so did Leopold. Katenwas worried. She had said to Leopold that she could handle thingsnthis time…but she was beginning to doubt it. How was she going tondeal with Leopold's uncle again? She didn't know if she was goingnto be able to hold the line second time around. She just hoped not tonmake thing's worse by saying something stupid when the time tonconfront Leo's uncle came. On the other hand, she had spoken to Leopold's aunt andnMatilda had expressed how discomforting it was to find her gone, andnhow comforting it was to have her back. After the talk Kate was evennmore sure that she and Matilda would get along just fine Back in his room Leopold was thinking as well. He didn'tnwant his uncle to hurt Kate once more. He was determined to stop itnfrom happening, no matter the cost. His thoughts were interrupted byna knock on the door. \"Please, do come in\" said Leopold. Otis wasnthe one at the door \"Master Leopold, I just wanted to let you andnMiss. Mc. Kay know that dinner is about to be served\" said Otis.n\"Thank you Otis, we'll be downstairs shortly\". \"It's goodnto have both you and Miss, Mc.Kay back, Master Leopold. I hope thingsngo better this time\". Leopold got up, gave Otis an affectionatensmile and said \"Thank you Otis. I certainly hope for the same,nbelieve me.\" Leopold went to get Kate to her room, so they could go andnhave dinner. It was pretty obvious to Leopold that Kate was verynnervous, even her palms seemed to be sweating. He gave her hand anreassuring squeeze, as they both headed into the dinning room. Needless to say, Millard was appalled. How was this possible?nThe girl was back? Leopold must have brought her back! How stupidncould his nephew get? He now knew that Leopold's \"walk\" hadn'tnbeen really a walk. He had gone out on a quest to get the girl back,nto bring her back. He was not about to let his nephew ruin hisnfamily's life. His patience was being tested, but somehow he knewnthat soon, very soon, this girl would be gone for good. He knew that Leopold loved her, it was very clear. Hisnnephew's eyes shone every time he was near her, so there was lovenfrom Leopold's part, no doubt. He also knew that Miss. Mc. Kay wasnin love with Leopold, but the girl had to go. There was no place innLeopold's life for someone like her. He would make her go for good.nHe hated the fact that things had to be like that, because he knewnthat Leopold would suffer, and he didn't want to cause him any morenharm than strictly necessary. Leopold didn't understand how bad theneconomical problem was. They could lose everything, all theynpossessed, and even Ballmour, the manor in England where Leopold hadngrown up was at stake. Millard knew that Leopold needed to marrynsomeone with money, someone that could secure his future, and he wasnsure this girl could secure nothing. He knew Leopold's ideals, andnhe knew that he would probably not speak to him again, but it needednto be done. He would not let his family be left astray, left withnnothing. He loved his family too much to let that happen. Somethingnhad to be done. Surely, Leopold would be heartbroken, but time wouldnheal him. But even though he needed to act, he would leave things thensame way they were for a while. Millard wouldn't say anything untilnthe right time came. \"Leopold, Katherine. It's so very good to see you two\"nsmiled Matilda, noticing that Leopold had brought Kate back tondinner. She knew that Millard and Leopold had fought because ofnKate's departure. Her nephew had been very angry when he found outnthat his uncle had spoken to Kate, to convince her to leave. Needlessnto say, that anger led Leopold to confront his uncle and the result,nof course, was nothing but a fight. However, she was happy. Happy to see that her nephew stillnstood for what he believed in, and it was very obvious to her, thatnhe believed in the love he and Kate shared. Apart from it, she wasnhappy to know Kate was back. She knew Kate was the one for Leopold. \"Thank you very much, aunt\" said Leopold smiling. \"It'snvery good to see you too, your ladyship, your lordship\" said Katenafter Leopold. She wouldn't be rude to Leopold's uncle, becausenno matter how much Millard deserved it, she knew Leopold loved him,nand she respected that. Matilda smiled in response, seeing how goodnLeopold and Kate belonged together. Millard, on the contrary, didnnothing in response. He wasn't going to do anything or saynanything to the girl just yet. However, he was surely going to have anword with his nephew after dinner. Leopold knew his uncle all too well, and he noticed hisndispleasure immediately. Still, he was thankful that his uncle hadn'tnopened his mouth to speak ill about Kate. He saw that Kate andnMatilda started lightly talking. It seemed obvious that Kate hadnliked aunt Matilda since the very beginning, and he knew that theynwere getting along perfectly. Dinner winded down quite peacefully, and everyone retired tontheir rooms. Leopold escorted Kate to her room, and proceeded to gonto his own room. When Leopold got to his room, he saw Otis standingnby the doorway. \"Master Leopold, your uncle might like to have anword with you in his studio\" informed Otis. Leopold knew what thisnmeant: trouble…and a headache. He thanked Otis and walked to hisnuncle studio. The room Kate was in still had the door opened. Leopold's roomnwas practically next to hers, so that also made her hear what Otisnhad said to Leopold. She knew that what she was planning to do wasnwrong, but she needed to know what was going to happen. Leopoldnrespected his uncle too much to stand up to him, and Millard talkingnto him meant enough trouble already. She wouldn't let Millard hurtnLeo. She would defend Leopold against Millard if necessary. So, withnher mind made up, she peeked outside, and when she saw no one, shencarefully tiptoed her way to Millard's studio. She got there, andnshe heard Millard and Leopold talking. She got closer to the door, tonget a better listening: \"Do you have the slightest idea of what you are about to do,nLeopold?\" asked Millard, angrily. \"Yes I do, uncle. I'm gettingnmarried to the woman I love\" responded Leopold, trying to keep thensarcasm out of his voice. \"You are bringing this family to a doom.nWhere is your common sense? Where is your love for this family? Thenlove for your legacy? We are going to lose everything because of yournown selfish desire, and so far you don't seem to care! You are anduke Leopold, not a commoner! You should marry someone of yournstature, someone with money, not some… 'girl' you find in anyngiven corner!\" shouted Millard. Kate was amazed. Millard was some high class bastard!. Butneven though Millard's words made her angry, she went back tonlistening, and heard Leopold's answer \"I am no duke uncle, Indidn't ask to be born as one, and I don't want to be one. Myncommon sense is following my heart.\" began Leopold \"I love thisnfamily beyond your imagination. Marrying someone I love doesn'tnmean I don't love my family or that I don't care of it'snwelfare. I'm working, working to get us out of the debt, and I amnbeing the best duke I can be! If you could just set your bitternessndown a notch you might just see that\". Kate listened to Leopold'snwords. She knew he was paining. She could tell by the sound of hisnvoice. She went back to listening the conversation. \"Working? Doingnwhat? Your ridiculous, stupid and useless inventions? They arennothing Leopold, and they won't get us out of this debt\" saidnMillard. Leopold was really paining at this stage. \"Uncle, at least Inam doing something, at least I'm trying. Why is it so hard tonbelieve in me?\" he asked, hoping to get some sense out of thenconversation. \"This isn't about believing Leopold! It's aboutnreality! Your useless inventions won't solve our problems, yournupcoming marriage isn't helping matters, and you disgrace yournlegacy to an astonishing point! If your parents could see you nownthey'd be ashamed…heartbroken! I bet they would wish you weren'tneven his son!\". Kate was even more amazed. How was this possible? How couldnMillard say that to his own nephew?. Back inside, Leopold felt as ifnhis soul was taken away, in sadness, and in anger, but he didn'tnwant to go down to disrespecting his uncle once again. So, withoutnother word, Leopold got out of his uncle's studio, catching anglimpse of Kate as he closed the door behind him. Millard opened the door once again and saw Kate standing bynit. \"If you hate me that much take it out on me, not on him. He isnyour nephew, and he loves you. He doesn't deserve your words..\"nsaid Kate walking away immediately after, to follow Leopold. Kate saw Leopold walking towards his room. She tried to makenan approach \"Leo, are you alright?\" she asked, but Leopold stoodnsilent. \"Leo, please talk to me\" requested Kate. \"Good night,nKate\" said Leopold in response. Kate felt even more worriedn\"Please, Leo. Talk to me\" requested Kate once more. \"What isnthere to talk about when you know everything already, Kate?\" askednLeopold. Clearly, he was upset. Upset because she had heard and seenneverything. Upset because she had witnessed the humiliation he hadnjust been put through. She didn't know what to say, and she didn't want to makenmatters worse. \"Good night, Kate\" said Leopold once again,nclosing the door of his room as he got inside. Kate knew there wasnnothing to do until the next day came, so she went to her own room. Millard was still in his studio. He knew he had gone too far.nHe knew Leopold and knew how much he had actually hurt him. He hadnregretted his words the second they came out of his lips. Why hadn'tnhe thought better of his words and their impact?. He hadn't meantnto hurt Leopold that way, he had just wanted to snap him to reality.nBut it was too late. The wrong deed was done, and he would have tonface the consecuences. Back in his room Leopold didn't feel good at all. He feltnlike crashing and burning. Like breaking down. His uncle had broughtnhim down completely and Kate had heard and seen everything. All hisnhumiliation. He was hurting, and he felt as vulnerable as a child. Henstarted wondering if his parents would be ashamed of him, of hisnchoices, of his beliefs. He really didn't know what to think, except that he missednhis parents dearly. He felt empty, hollow, hopeless. As if beingnstolen away from all happiness and good possible in the world, in annick of time. He closed his eyes. He felt that nothing could rightnor change the wrongs that were already done. Neither his anger nornhis sadness. He knew it was probably better to just close his eyes,nput his mind at ease and go to sleep. Maybe things would be betternin the morning. ","Summary":" I. A LEAP OF LOVE. Kate Mc.Kay was about to cross the girdernof the Brooklyn bridge. She looked dow"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Jimin One Shots","Author":"Elizi.i","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12587008","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Your POV) Shoes paddled across the floor. My hair slightly hiding my face from whoever could be staring. Locker just a few feet away. But I stop.. His arm was snaked around her waist, her head leaning on his shoulder while his friends surrounded them. Before I could embarrass myself, my eyes darted to the floor and I go to my locker. Part of me think he looked to me, but another part of me doubts it. The first day of my college year and it already isn't off to a good start. Grabbing my binder, and shoving into my backpack I walked back passed him. Eyes glued to the floor. Don't show him you want him. Don't show him weakness. I pulled a fake smile onto my lips as I go to my class. Maybe today won't be so bad. The day went on. Semi normal. Besides small whispers when i walk And the fact he wouldn't stop looking my way when i was in eyes sight. Strong. I kept myself cool till the end of the day. I walked home. Alone. As always[Chapter 2] Hello lovelies! If you would like to request a one shot please comment down below in this form Please not I will not take One shot request IN THIS BOOK for other members.. Please comment your request in this form: Title(optional): Description: Jimin x : Mature content?: yes/no Desired photo: I hope you guys enjoy the book and please remember to vote and comment on my stories[Chapter 3] Jimin x Taehyung The day was going great. Jimin was out working at his tiny restruant on the corner of a downtown street. After years of saving and learning he had his reastruant open now for a couple of month. Buissness was amazing. Many couples came in along with your normal everyday people. Today was a little slow. Not many people were in today but that was fine. It was peacful and no one was upset. A smile formed on Jimin's face as more people came in. But one person in particular caught his eye. A brown haired boy came in. He looked beautiful and stunning. Not many people knew but Jimin was bisexual. Although he leaned towards men a little more. He had no problem letting his eyes folliw the gorgeous boy before him. \"Ahem.\" He snapped out of his thoughts when he realized a customer was waisting fir him to take his order. \"I'm very sorry sir. What can I get for you?\" As the customer looked at the chalkboard meanu Jimin couldn't help but glance behind the customer to the man. To his luck his eyes were already staring back at him. Heat rose to his cheeks as he wrote down the customers order but the feeling of being looked at never went away. Once he took the order he gave the man a number and told him to find a seat and food will be taken to him shortley. Once he walked away the handsome man walked up and smiled. His eyes stood out and his chin came to a gently point. His legs were long and thin. He was taller then Jimin. \"What can I get f-for you?\" Jimin couldn't help but only look down at the cash register. If felt as if he looked at the man before him he would make a fool of himself. Tae hyung, the man infront of Jimin was smirking. He thought Jimin was cute. He read his name tag and smiled. \"Well Jimin. I will take a coffee and cinnamon roll. And add a extra coffee in there for you\" Jimin's head snapped up a blush obvious on his cheeks. \"Take a break and sit with me?\" Tae hyung slid his hand forward touching Jimin's. He could see what he did the Jimin. All Jimim could do was nod before putting in the order. Jimin put in his own money telling Tae it was on him. Telling one of his workers to take over the register he began making the roll and coffee. Its been awhile and the cinnamon roll was cut in half. Tae's was gone and Jimin's half had only a bit left. Their coffee kept their hands warm as they talked. Jimin learned Tae's name and they got to talking. About Jimin's buissness, about Tae's company. Jimin truely found intrest in the man in front of him. \"I'm sorry to say, but I need to get back to work. I will come back tomorrow and we will go out after you get off?\" Jimin only nodded and smiled. He was hobestly upset he had to leave. He didn't want to miss this handsome face. Tae leaned over the table they were at and picked up the small piece of roll that was left. Slowly and seductively he placed it in Jimin's mouth before kissing him gently. And with that kiss Jimin knew he was hooked. He knew that this man wouldn't leave his mind for a long time.[Chapter 4] Warning. This is so cringe. Like SUPER cringe. Idk why I wrote it. Jimin x reader Your POV My life was falling apart not even a year ago. A year ago I was kicked out of my place. I lost my job. Everything fell apart. But he saved me. This ball of sunshine came to my rescue. While I sat on a bench in the pouring rain, he puller up beside me and talked to me. He took me to get some food, gave me some warm clothes. A place to live. If it wasn't for him I don't know where I would be. Now I'm sitting in bed. My face snuggled into the chest of the one and only Jimin. Mochi. His breath fanning my forehead in slow, deeo breathes. I gripped his shirt gently. What would I do without you? A small groan came from his lips as I squirmed under his arm. I smiled and pecked his cheek. Another groan came out of his mouth and I pecked his cheek once again. This time his eyes fluttered open. \"Good morning Jiminie,\"I smiled and gently pinched his nose. \"Sleep well?\" He nodded softly and began stretching causing me to get pushed to the edge. Just as I was about to fall to the floor,Jimin's arm wrapped around my waist and pulling me back up. He always saves me. Guys this is so cringy but idek. I'm still screaming. Anyway please vote and comment[Chapter 5] Jimin's Dairy Entrys to you Seeing her everyday makes me weak. Seeing her smile makes my day brighter Hearing her laugh made my body jolt with excitment. Yes its true. I'm in love with you. Today you seemed upset. A frown planted on your beautiful red lips. You angered laced words. A glare only you could hold. But yet when you saw me and the frown on your beautiful face wasnt there. Just for a second I saw you little smile. Oh how I love you A week has passed. Where have you gone? Are you sick in bed or on a trip? It worries me as days past So maybe I'll visit you. Just this one day I visited your house. Your mother said that your sick in bed Her eyes seemed red a puffy. Your father no where to be found. Why are you sick my love? Get healthy please I visited the last few weeks Its been a month and a half that you haven't been here. I missed the smile you had when you were here Your mother sat me down and hugged me A wine glass filled to the top was in her hands. Why can't I see you? I keep coming over more often Your mother hugs me everytime Her eyes are droopy Do you see it? She told me today you were sick. Something must have hurt you? Today is the day my heart broke for you. Your mother finally told me what was wrong I know I never talked to you But know I've always loved you Your POV It's been a year. A year since you left this beautiful world I'll never forget how beautiful you were to me though I regret everyday refusing you I regret not being your true friend Truth is I loved you So much No I love you I hope you enjoyed. I did something kinda sad buttt yes If you don't understand the concept Its basically Jimin was in love with you. And he visited you while you were getting sick but you never saw him he didnt know you were sick Then when he learned how sick you were(any serious disease) He went to see you again(next dsy persay). And he got hit by a car Ending with his death. Then you put in a entry in his journal a year later. Anyways please vote and comment Strong power thank you ","Summary":" (Your POV) Shoes paddled across the floor. My hair slightly hiding my face from whoever could be st"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Who Would Have Guessed","Author":"Diamondback Mako","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7717763","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Well, I decided to help contribute to the extremely small fandom of Arthur Christmas. However, this fic is gonna focus big time on Bryony Shelfley and Peter (Steve's assistant elf). I was originally gonna start working on this other Arthur Christmas fic but then I had this dream about these two elves and the plot bunny just won't leave me alone! Hopefully this fic will turn out ok, so enjoy! :D Disclaimer: I don't own Bryony Shelfley, Arthur, Steve, Peter, etc. they all belong to Aardman. The only thing I own is the last name \"Jones\" that I choose for Peter. Later on their will be some elf oc's but I'll talk about them in the next chapter. 'Well this was a 'fine' situation I've found myself in!' Bryony thought miserably as she looked at the male elf that was currently trying to open the door that had locked once it closed. Said elf was none other than Peter Jones, the right hand assistant to Steve. At the moment, he had both his feet on the door while his two hands pulled at the knob. \"That's not going to work.\" Bryony stated flatly while crossing her arms. Peter ceased his attempts for a few seconds to turn his head and glare at the female, \"Well I don't see you trying to find a way out!\" He snapped back before returning to jiggling the doorknob. Bryony frowned, \"Well there's really nothing I can do since your trying to open the door that's obviously locked from the outside!\" Peter stopped, \"Well then use your HOHO and try to call someone to let us out of this storage room.\" He demanded without turning his head and continued on with his efforts. \"I lost mine when it fell into the ocean.\" A huff from Peter made her continue, \"Well where's your HOHO?\" She demanded. \"I forgot it in my room.\" Was the reply from the right hand elf. \"Unbelievable.\" Bryony sighed. Peter let go of the door knob and dropped down on the floor, landing on his feet before turning and walking up to his 'fellow' assistant elf till he was only a few inches away from her. Glaring down at her, he narrowed his eyes before responding, \"You want to know what's unbelievable miss Shelfley? Unbelievable is you, Arthur and Grand-Santa going against orders and running off on Christmas to deliver one present to a child. Unbelievable is you all going all around the world and almost exposing us, unbelievable is Arthur becoming the next Santa when the position rightfully belonged to Steve! Arthur stole Steve's right!\" Peter turned and grabbed onto the door knob once more before continuing, \"And what's really unbelievable is that of all the elves in the North Pole, I got locked in a bloody supply closet with a crazy, gift wrapping obsessed elf!\" As he said the last words, he gave the door a violent jiggle before letting go and sitting on the floor. Obviously that strategy wasn't working so they would just have to wait till someone walked by and unlocked the door. 'Who knows how long that'll be.' Peter thought miserably. Bryony, meanwhile was glaring daggers at Peter. Making up her mind, she practically stomped over to the elf. \"First off, yes Arthur, Grand-Santa and I defied orders to deliver a single present but we did it because you and Steve didn't want to go deliver it. Second, we almost exposed ourselves. The key word is almost . If anything, the humans thought we were aliens. Third, Arthur earned the right to be Santa, he never stole the position! And last off, don't you ever call me crazy again! Besides, you're no joy to be around either!\" With that being said, Bryony kicked one of Peters' boots before turning her back to him and crossing her arms. \"Oh you're just asking for it soldier!\" Peter retorted while standing up again. \"And what are you going to do about it?\" Bryony demanded while sending an icy glare his way. Peter blinked. What could he do? Despite being Steve's right hand elf, no one really listened to him and he knew what everyone viewed him as pathetic and the only time anyone would listen to Peter was if Steve was around. Steve wasn't here so his threat just fell on empty. Sinking back to the ground in defeat, Peter let his head drop back against the wall with his eyes closed. The sound of clicking caught his attention and his eyes shot open and he looked over at where Bryony was sitting against the wall on the opposite side of him. In her hands was a HOHO! \"I thought you said you didn't have your HOHO!\" Peter demanded angrily. Bryony frowned at him, she really liked Peter more when he was quiet. \"I don't.\" Was her reply before she went back to texting. \"I see it right there in your hands!\" Peter insisted. He could feel himself getting frustrated. \"It's not mine, I told you mine fell into the ocean and I'm still waiting for my new one to come in.\" Bryony explained while pushing the send button. Hopefully Arthur would get the message and come to her rescue. \"Then who's is it?\" Rolling her eyes, she answered the annoying elf, \"Its Kevin's. He loaned me his to borrow for work.\" Peter furrowed his brows, \"I asked you if you had a HOHO.\" Bryony smirked, \"You asked me if I had my HOHO which I don't, but you never asked me if I had a HOHO.\" She checked the phone and saw that Arthur hadn't replied yet. \"Anyway, I sent a message to Arthur to come let us out so all we have to do is wait.\" Peter leaned against the wall, \"The sooner he comes the better.\" He grumbled while settling himself on the floor and closing his eyes. Bryony nodded in agreement before leaning against the wall herself. \"That has to be the first thing we've agreed on.\" She mused and then rolled her eyes when Peter chose to ignore her. 'Why does he have to be so difficult to work with?' The wrapping elf wondered as she looked over the form of the assistant. Ever since they had first met, they did nothing but argue or try to avoid each other as much as possible. Normally Bryony was nice to everyone but it seemed that Peter knew how to bring out the worst in her. 'Too bad his attitude can't be as good as his looks-what what?' Bryony blinked in shock at her own thought. Shaking her head Bryony scolded herself, 'Where did that come from Miss. Shelfley? Peter Jones is your enemy and you do not think he's good looking!' Thinking this seemed to start a battle in her mind. Her more timid, lovey-dovey, side protested, 'But look at him sitting there looking all cute with his adorable hair cut, and his little red tie and-' 'No, no, no he doesn't look cute! He's a rude, arrogant, prick and it's best not to think that about him. Besides, your supposed to marry Kevin remember?' Her tougher, stricter side argued back. Bryony's timid mind didn't back down, ' It's not like I actually like Kevin. If anything, the only reason why I'm marrying him is to please my parents.' The wrapping elf dropped her head in her hands at the conflicting voices in her head, \"Shut up!\" She hissed. Peter opened his eyes and rose a brow at the supposedly crazy elf, \"I didn't say anything.\" Blushing furiously, Bryony shook her head, \"I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to…oh never mind!\" There was no way she was going to tell her rival about the 'voices' in her head. It was bad enough he thought she was crazy and mentioning that would only confirm his suspicions. After an awkward silence, Peter cleared his throat, \" So is anyone coming to our rescue or not?\" Checking the HOHO and not seeing any sort of reply, Bryony shrugged, \"I don't know, Arthur hasn't answered back.\" Peter rolled his eyes while standing up and stretching. \"Well this has been 'fun' and all but now I really need to get out.\" He announced while glancing at the door. \"We both really need to get out.\" Bryony sighed. Peter shook his head, \"No I mean I really have to go to the bath room. I had two cups of expresso before we got locked in here.\" \"Oookay I didn't need to know about your sudden urge to empty your bladder.\" Bryony stated while closing her eyes. Steve's right hand elf smirked, \"Then I suggest you try calling for help again before I decided to go on the wall.\" Of course he wouldn't really do that but it was nice to see the female's look of disgust cross her face. Gagging at the thought, Bryony started to text another reply when the HOHO started to vibrate. Checking on who was sending a message she let out a sigh of relief when she saw the name 'Arthur'. Thank goodness! Quickly reading the message she looked up at Peter. \"Looks like your going to have to hold it cause Arthur's on his way with the key. \"About time.\" Grumbled the male elf. Sure enough, a moment after receiving the text, Arthur arrived at the locked storage room and freed the two elves. Bryony smiled up at her friend/boss with a cheerful \"Thanks!\" while Peter mumered a quiet, \"Thank you sir.\" Before running off to the restrooms. Arthur watched his brothers' assistant run off before turning to his own helper, \"He didn't give you too much of a hard time did he?\" He asked. Bryony shook her head, \"No more than he usually does, I just hope I don't get locked in a room with him again.\" She piped up while she and Arthur walked down the hall towards his room to reply to some children's letters.[Chapter 2] A/N: Heads up, this is a long note! Before I let you all read the second chapter, I will like to thank Milu Georgia and rococoprincess for leaving me reviews for the first chapter. I'm glad you two are enjoying the story so far :D Here's a list of elves that are going to appear in the fic (also to answer Milu Georgia's question, yes Arthur is going to making appearances in the fic as well as the rest of the Clause family). A few of the elves are seen in the movie and I managed to find their names in the Arthur Christmas jr novel. Some others are my own oc's. I also found a list on the web of all the elf jobs that I assigned to some of the characters. Elves: Peter Jones (last name made up by me)- Steve's right hand assistant elf(according to the movie) Bryony Shelfley (as named in movie/novel)– Wrapping elf/Arthur's assistant( according to the movie) Andrew Marino (as named in the jr novel) – Special Santa Unit elf (he was the elf that took the batteries out of the toy during the 'waker' scene) Norah Gates (First name found in novel, last name made up by me) – Paramedic (I just gave her a random job) Carlos Conner (as named in the novel) – Field elf (one of the elves that appeared at the beginning of the film.) Sabrina Harris (my own oc) – Gift Sorter elf (position given by me) Tardy Baynham (as named in the novel) – Alarms/Gadgets elf (he's also a field elf, he's that elf in the movie that was sitting in the S-1 brushing the teeth of that tooth gadget thing; after getting yelled at by that one elf he says something like 'What ever happened to good will towards men?') Deborah Anderson (first name found in the novel, last name made up by me) – Mission Control elf (she's the elf that told Steve about the noisy toy during the 'waker' scene) William Tankenson (First name made up by me but his last name was found in the novel) – Helmsman elf (he's the pilot of the S-1. In the film and novel, he asks Santa if he's looking forward to retirement). Kathy Miller (another one of my oc's) – S-1 crew elf (position given by me) Kevin Hill (my oc fiancé of Bryony and the main antagonist of the fic) – Wrapping elf Tanya Turner (another oc and the secondary antagonist in the story) – Field elf Then of course we have the Clause family but we already know all about them;) other than that these are the main characters of the story. Later on I'll introduce a few minor oc's (such as Bryony and Peter's parents) but I won't go into detail about them till their chapters come up. Disclaimer: I do not own Arthur, Steve, Mr. and Mrs. Clause, Grand-Santa, Peter, Bryony, Andrew, Norah, Carlos, Tardy, Deborah, or Tankenson. They all belong to Aardman. The only thing I own are my oc's which at the moment include, Sabrina, Kathy, Kevin, and Tanya. Now on with the chapter! :D The rest of the day went by fine without anymore incidents and Bryony and Peter did well off in avoiding each other. Finally the day came to an end and many elves were roaming the halls, heading off to their rooms or going to the large cafeterias for dinner or some, like Bryony, headed to the elf lounge rooms. Upon entering, Bryony walked to the table her and her friends always sat at, and plopped down in the empty chair with a sigh. One of her friends, a field elf by the name, Carlos, smiled in her direction, \"Long day Bryony?\" He asked as the wrapping elf nodded and rubbed her eyes, \"Too long.\" She mumbled before glancing at her other friends which included, Andrew, Norah, Carlos, Sabrina, Tardy, Deborah, William and Kathy. They were all leaning back in their chairs while chatting with each other. \"I heard you got locked in a storage room with Peter.\" Sabrina stated while smirking at Bryony playfully. The elf rolled her eyes, \"You heard right. We both needed something from the storage and when the door slammed shut it ended up locking us in for about an hour or so.\" This caused the group to laugh at her misfortune. Kathy leaned closer to the wrapping elf, \"So did you two do anything while you were locked in?\" She asked with a mischievous look. Bryony furrowed her brow, \"Well…we argued quite a bit.\" She replied thoughtfully, not really knowing what her friend was talking about. Kathy giggled, \"Did you two do anything else at all?\" \"What do you mean?\" The S-1 crew elf rose a brow before elaborating, \"You know, did you two…\" She left the sentence unfinished and grinned as Bryony finally understood what she was asking. \"What! Ew Kathy, no! Nothing else happened! I can't believe you would even ask that!\" Bryony exclaimed while blushing like crazy which made her naturally red cheeks even redder. Everyone at the table cracked up laughing. Bryony sunk down in her chair in embarrassment, \"You all should know how much we don't like each other.\" She mumbled in defense. Kathy nodded while wiping small tear as her laughter subsided. \"I know, I was just messing with you.\" She shrugged while Bryony's face returned back to its normal color. \"That wasn't cool Kathy, but it was still soooo funny!\" Sabrina scolded before giggling. Tardy looked up from the gadget he was tinkering with , \"Watch out, Bryony's gonna get you back when you least expect it.\" This time Bryony smirked, \"That's right, next time you're gonna be the run to turn red like a tomato.\" Deborah cleaned her glasses before placing them back on, \"Good luck finding anything to embarrassed her with, you know Kathy keeps most of her secrets between her and William here.\" She motioned her head towards the helmsman of the S-1, William. Said elf took off his cap so he could scratch his head before putting it back on, \"Trust me there's not much you can humiliate her with.\" He said while putting an arm around Kathy and smiled at her who gave him a dreamy smile back. Norah sided with Bryony, \"Well Kathy it looks like you lucked out. Sorry Bryony.\" Bryony snapped her fingers, \"Darn.\" Andrew sat up and cleared his throat, \"Heads up Bryony, here comes your fiancé.\" He muttered while looking at the lounge entrance. The group turned to where Andrew was looking and sure enough, Bryony's arranged fiancé was making his way to the table with a snooty, superior look. Bryony could feel her ears droop slightly as the elf she was going to marry drew closer. She had absolutely no attraction to this elf and had only agreed to say yes to the proposal because she knew it would make her parents happy. As too why her parents choose this elf out of the thousands of others, was because, according to her mother and father, Kevin was well educated, strong, had a high ranking in the wrapping battalion, was good looking and most of all, he apparently had good breeding. In Mr. and Mrs. Shelfley's eyes, Kevin was the perfect elf to marry their daughter . 'Perhaps now I can finally become a grand-mother!' Bryony's mother had said the night this arrangement had been made official. Kevin stopped at their table and gave her friends a look as if they weren't worth being in his presence before giving Bryony his most charming smile, \"There you are Bryony I was looking for you.\" He started while walking around the table and stopping when he was right next to her. The female elf looked up at him with a raised brow, \"Oh?\" Her fiancé continued, \"Yes, I heard about your day trapped in a storage closet with that…Peter fellow and I figured you would like to wind down by having dinner with me.\" He said this more as a command rather than an offer. Bryony frowned, \"I'm not really hungry, see Arthur and I had a sandwich today while we answered some letters. But thank you for the offer.\" She said as politely as she could. It was Kevin's turn to frown, \"Oh I insist, at least come have a drink with me.\" He stated while gently pulling Bryony up from her seat. Seeing as she wasn't going to win with him, she obliged, \"Fine. I'll see you all later!\" She called back to her friends who were all glaring at Kevin's back. This wasn't the first time the wrapping elf had snatched their friend from them. He was always barging in on their conversations with Bryony and pulling her away while giving some pathetic excuses, one being that as his future wife, she had to spend more time with him. Or some garbage like that. Bryony knew that wasn't the whole case. She knew that Kevin didn't like her friends and thought himself better than all of them. 'If things continue like this then it's going to be a long, difficult marriage.' She grumbled in her mind as she followed her fiancé to the cafeteria. They walked to a table near the center of the room where Bryony sat down with a sigh, 'Go figure he would want to sit here. Kevin always did like being the center of attention.' \"Wait here while I go get us something to eat.\" Kevin ordered while walking away. Bryony watched him leave before facing forward and putting her chin in her hands. She then blinked in surprise when she saw who was sitting just a couple of tables away. 'Oh great. Just when I thought this couldn't get any worse, he had to be here.' She thought with a frown. The added object of her misery was none other than Peter. Luckily he hadn't noticed his rival giving his attention was on the smaller female elf that was fawning over him. Bryony recognized the elf as Tanya Turner, a bratty elf that had a taste for high ranking elves. Giving that Peter was an assistant elf and the right hand to Steve Clause, it was no wonder why Tanya was currently after him. At the moment, Peter was leaning away from Tanya with a look of uninterested while Tanya was holding onto his tie and pulling him closer to her. \"So Pete, I overheard that you got locked in a room with that mean, nasty Bryony.\" Tanya was saying with a jealous tone. Bryony rolled her eyes, had everyone heard about the incident? It seemed like everyone was talking about it. 'And what's with the 'mean, and nasty' comment about me?' she fumed while Tanya continued, \"You weren't being naughty in there were you?\" She asked while searching Peter's eyes. Peter huffed while gently working Tanya's hand off his tie. \"No! We weren't doing anything, now if you'll excuse me,\" at this he stood up while Tanya gave a disappointed look, \"I'm going to go take a shower-don't look at me like that- and then I'm going to bed.\" With that he walked out of the cafeteria leaving Tanya to pout at the table. Bryony shuddered at the recent memory of Tanya's face when Peter declared that he was going to take a shower. The moment the words 'I'm' and 'shower', a look of sexual hunger had crossed her face. 'Looks like Peter has his hands full as well.' Bryony thought as Kevin returned with a couple of drinks. \"I saw Peter leave just now.\" He stated while taking a sip of his drink. Bryony nodded, \"Yeah it seems he has an unwanted admirer.\" She replied while drinking from her own cup. \"I'm surprised that anyone would admire that annoyance.\" Kevin mused in a bored tone. He then grinned at his future wife, \"Then again, I wouldn't doubt that the reason why he rejects any woman is because he probably swings the opposite way.\" Bryony's brows rose in shock, \"Kevin!\" The 'fellow' wrapping elf shrugged, \"Think about it, he's never dated any woman and he has a crush on Steve.\" Bryony scowled, \"First off, while he hasn't dated any woman I know that no one has seen him dating a bloke. Second, it's not a crush, he just…hero-worships Steve.\" She said while holding up her fingers as she listed her counter arguments. Kevin sniffed, \"Say what you want but I still think little mister right hand elf is gay.\" She really didn't know why she felt offended at these statements, but she did and the young female had just enough of his insults and attitude. Standing Bryony cleared her throat before addressing her unfortunately future husband, \"Well I'm sorry to say this, but I'm feeling a bit tired. I think I'll head over to my room and turn in for the night. Good night Kevin.\" She announced before walking away. \"I know we're not married yet, but there's more than enough room in my bed if you're interested!\" Kevin replied just before Bryony was out of ear reach. The she elf froze and turned to the male. \"No thank you.\" Was her curt reply before she left the room. There was no way that was ever going to happen…at least not until she was fully wed. \"I really hope tomorrow will be a better day.\" She said to herself as she headed to her room. A/N: Well there's chapter 2. As you can see, there's some T-rating material in here which leads to me saying that throughout this story, there will be a bit of swearing (ex: hell, crap, damn, stupid, shut up, etc.; you know the minor stuff) and a wee bit of foul language (ex: F***, bi***, etc.; these will only be used very rarely like if one of the characters gets pissed or what not.) I know it's gonna be a little weird to read about Christmas elves cursing but if you look at it, I doubt they are all perfect angels. Look at that one elf from the film that scanned the little boy at the beginning. The kid was on the naughty list yet the elf cheated and scanned himself and only came up with \"82% good\". Obviously that elf has done a few 'naughty' things if he had that score. Now on to the sexual hints. This fic will have suggestive sexual tones but that is about it. For all those dirty birdies out there who like to read the M-rated stuff, I'll post the 'naughty bedroom' scenes in the Misc. Movies section. It'll be titled Who would have guessed: Lemons . It's not up yet since I don't have any scenes to post up. Another heads up, there's gonna be some violence in some later chapters. Well till next time u guys. :D[Chapter 3] A/N: Wow five reviews in two chapters! Not bad, not bad at all so thank you to my readers for leaving your reviews, they really make my day. :D Well I don't really have much to say in this note so I'll just let you read chapter 3. Disclaimer: I don't own many of the Arthur Christmas characters, most of them belong to Aardman. The only thing I own are my oc's which include, Sabrina, Kathy, Kevin and Tanya. The next Morning \"Peter I'm going to need you to take these to Arthur please.\" Steve instructed while handing his assistant elf a stack of children's letters. Peter put on a false cheerful smile as he took the pile from his boss. \"Of course, right away sir!\" the assistant piped up while walking out of the room. As soon as he closed the door behind him, his fake smile fell and he scowled. He then began to walk in the direction where he knew his least favorite elf was working with the new klutzy Santa. 'This is just the story of my life.' The elf mumbled in his head, 'I'm just going to walk in, give them the stupid letters, and then walk out. No words and I'm not even going to look at Bryony if I can help it.' Peter coached himself. After what happened yesterday he didn't want to even see Bryony and he just wanted to stay the hell away from the annoying elf. A couple of elves came walking from the opposite direction and snickered when they saw him, \"How's your day going so far Peter?\" One of them asked while the other added, \"Yeah, have you gotten locked in any more closets with Miss. Shelfley?\" At this, the two burst out laughing and continued on their way, leaving a steaming Peter behind. As the right hand assistant elf made to continue on his own way, he could still hear the teasing elves talking amongst themselves and his acute hearing picked up an a couple of final words. \"That Peter…what a loser!\" This caused the elves to burst out laughing once more before they rounded a corner. Peter turned to glare but only found an empty hall. He thought about going after them and giving them a word or two but thought better against it. When he was younger, he had tried that strategy with a bully elf and ended up with a black eye for a little over a week. 'Forget it, they're not worth it.' He reasoned while continuing on his way yet the loser comment kept repeating in his mind. It wasn't the first time someone insulted him either to his face, or more often, behind his back. One would think that as the right hand assistant to Steve Clause he would be treated with more respect but he got the exact opposite. Everyone treated him okay when he was with Steve but the moment they separated that's when the harsh words would come flying out. Over the years, Peter has heard various insults and called many different names from 'teacher's pet' to 'loser'. But the one thing that drove him crazy was the rumor that he was attracted to those that were the same sex as him. Apparently everyone saw his fondness of Steve as a 'crush'. Whether or not Steve knew about this rumor Peter didn't know. Either way Peter knew for a fact that this little gossip was all false. Yes Peter idolized Steve and he admired him greatly, but it was in a brotherly way. Having lost his father at a young age, due to a polar bear attack, he never had the chance to gain any brothers or sisters of his own. So of course when Steve chose Peter as his assistant and the two started to hang around each other often, Peter had begun to see Peter as an older brother figure. So the fact was, Peter had absolutely no romantic attraction towards Steve. Just a one-sided brotherly bond. Unfortunately, no one saw it like this and their suspicions of his homosexual orientation was backed up with more 'proof' which included the fact that he had never dated a woman. In Peters opinion this was weak evidence, the only reason why he had never dated or flirted with a girl was because he really didn't know how to. His father died when Peter was only five years old; at this age, he was still too young to take an interest in girls and was still far away from puberty for his dad to tell him about the 'birds and the bees' and how to court a woman. When he reached his early teen years, his mother explained the difference between a male and female elf as well as what adults did behind closed/locked doors. She had even given him some hopeful pointers in how to court a girl but they were all 'old school' hints and didn't work on the newer, younger generation who preferred the perverted pickup lines instead of the respectful, polite ones his mother and father had grown up with. Due to his unwillingness to move with the trends, Peter was left behind while all the other male elves went out on dates with the females. \"Peeeeeterrrrrr!\" A sing-song voice called down the hall and caused said elf to snap out of his thoughts. 'Speaking of females…' Peter groaned as he saw Tanya running down the hall towards him. He had no interest in this particular elf and hated spending any time with her. He would rather spend a day with Arthur and Bryony than spend a minuet with this high rank loving phony that he knew was only interested in him due to his position. He let out an 'oof' as Tanya wrapped her arms around him in a painfully tight hug in which he was sure he could feel his back pop in a few places and he was quickly running out of air. After a couple of seconds, Tanya released her 'death hug' and beamed up at Peter with a seductive smile. \"So Pete,\" She started while tracing a finger around his chest in circles, \"Where are you off too?\" the she elf asked innocently. Clearing his throat, Peter responded with a hint of annoyance, \"Well, I'm heading over to Arthur's office to deliver some more letters.\" He lifted the pile of envelopes to show Tanya who gave them an uninterested look before smiling at Peter once more. \"Are you doing anything after that?\" She asked hopefully. \"Yes I have to get back to Steve and don't you have training to do?\" Peter replied while closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. Tanya giggled, \"My battalion commander called in sick so I have the day off. Maybe you could convince Steve to let you take the day off too. Then we can meet up in one of our rooms.\" She hinted while pressing up against the right hand elf. Peter blinked before gently pushing her away. \"I don't think so, sorry.\" He insisted while moving around her so he could deliver the letters and then get back to Steve and away from this horny girl. \"Oh come on!\" Tanya pleaded. \"No Tanya, now I have to get back to work.\" With that Peter turned and walked down the hall, leaving a scowling Tanya behind. 'That was close.' Peter thought as he rounded the final corner that led to Arthurs office. He stopped at the door and knocked before pushing the door open. Sure enough, the young Santa was busy reading a child's letter and writing a response. Right next to him was Bryony who was also working on a letter. Peter rolled his eyes, he really had no idea how this clumsy boy became Santa. The guy was constantly tripping over his own two feet and accidently hurting others. Peter actually had mixed feelings about Arthur. One was that he was jealous of Arthur for being Steve's biological brother, the second was anger for taking Steve's birth right and the third was a sort of empathy as Arthur was sometimes still made fun off and Peter knew too well how it felt to be the one being teased. \"Are you actually going to say or do something or are you just going to continue standing there like a complete weirdo?\" Bryony asked in a playful tone while smirking down at him. Peter glared up at her before holding up the stack of letters to Arthur. \"Steve said for me to give you these.\" Was all Peter said after taking his eyes off the female wrapping elf. How he had managed to stay sane after being trapped in a storage room with the crazy, annoying elf, he really didn't know. All he knew was that if he didn't leave soon, he would say something harsh. Luckily Arthur spoke before Peter could, \"Oh, thank you Peter! Tell Steve I said thanks.\" He said with a smile. Peter put another false smile, \"Your welcome sir and I'll be sure to tell Steve.\" With that he turned and left the office. Bryony stared at the door for a few seconds before going back to her work. \"Well that was a first.\" Arthur stated out of nowhere. Bryony rose a brow in confusion, \"What was a first?\" \"Normally you two get in an argument whenever you see each other but now you didn't. I guess you two got everything out of your systems while you were locked in the room.\" He mused while leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms. Bryony glanced down with a thoughtful look, \"Actually we didn't really talk, we were more preoccupied on trying to get out but…\" She left the sentence hanging. Arthur tilted his head, \"But?\" The wrapping elf licked her lips before shaking her head, \"Never mind, it's nothing.\" With that she looked back to the letter that she was holding. After a moment, Arthur went back to his own letter much to Bryony's relief. She was glad that he didn't push the matter, after all, how was she supposed to explain this weird attraction she was starting to feel for Peter? 'It's not an attraction! You're just nervous and upset about your arranged marriage and you're just using Peter as a reason to second guess your decision. He's the enemy you don't feel anything for him, you were locked up with him for a while and you're just a little confused. Forget about him!' Her tough thoughts scolded. Shaking her head Bryony complied and focused on her work. 'Maybe I should talk to the girls about this during lunch today.' She thought with a mental nod. Yes she would do that. Maybe her friends could help get her head straight. A/N: Sorry to keep y'all waiting but I got busy with signing up for my spring college classes and buying the books and what not. :p Any who, as you noticed, this chapter follows mostly Peter and it tells you a little more about his past and such. Don't forget to leave a review and I'll try to have chapter 4 up ASAP![Chapter 4] A/N: Thanks for the reviews for the last chapter guys :D. Yes Peter's past is pretty sad and he does need some love and comfort and he will get it but not yet. Bryony's still in denial about her feelings for him and Peter still thinks that Bryony is just a crazy wrapping elf;). I know y'all are anxious to see some Peter-Bryony loving but that won't come till later chapters as this will be a long fic :D. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas or any of the known characters, the only characters I own are my oc's which include, Sabrina, Tanya, Kathy, and Kevin. \"Got any fives?\" \"Nope, go fish.\" \"Do you have any nines?\" \"Go fish.\" \"Do you have any threes?\" \"Go fish.\" Tardy and William went on back and forth with the card game while Bryony and the rest of the gang watched with mild interest. The groups wrapping elf had her chin resting in one hand while her elbow rested on the table. Although her eyes were locked on the two card players, they held a distant, far-away look as if she was in deep thought. What was it about Peter lately that she couldn't get her mind off him? Ever since they got stuck in that forsaken room, her opinion about him had begun to change. It seemed as if the need to constantly get on his nerves was now gone. Such as earlier today, she only threw one remark at him when he entered Arthur's office and after that…nothing. Maybe she was just getting used to seeing and working with Peter so often. Yes that had to be it, there was no other reason why she was no longer annoyed by him. Perhaps she was just giving up on fighting with him. If that was the case, then hopefully he too would lose interest in arguing with her and they would have a decent working relationship. \"Are you in there Bryony?\" Deborah asked while looking at her friend in concern. Bryony blinked before smiling, \"Oh, yeah…I was just thinking about some stuff.\" She replied dismissively before taking a bite out of her chicken sandwich. \"What kind of stuff?\" Tardy asked innocently as he picked up another card with a frown. He was loosing big time. Norah furrowed her brows, \"Is it about Kevin and the wedding? You know you don't have to marry that him. Just tell your parents what a jerk he is and that you could always marry someone else. Someone better .\" She reasoned. Bryony shook her head. \" Unfortunatly, my parents have never seen his rude, jerky side since he always acts like an angel in front of them. If I went to them saying those things to them, then they'll think I'm lying just so I could get out of the marriage. I already promised them I would go through with the marriage and give them some grandchildren, so I can't back out of that now.\" She paused to sip on her soda, \"Besides, I wasn't thinking of that. I was thinking of something else.\" \"Of what? That's if you don't mind me asking?\" Andrew questioned. Biting her lip, Bryony responded, \" Nothing really…I was just thinking about…Peter.\" At this, all her friends looked over at her. \" What did he do this time?\" Kathy questioned while looking her friend over. Normally when Peter upset or angered Bryony, the first thing the wrapping elf would do was complain to her friends or rant on how the right hand elf was driving her crazy. This time seemed a bit different. \"Well he didn't do anything in particular, it's just that ever since the…mishap yesterday, things have been off between us. Like today I saw him when he dropped off some letters for Arthur and for once, we didn't have a petty argument!\" Bryony explained with a thoughtful look before adding, \"And last night, Kevin was making fun of Peter behind his back and for some reason, I decided to defend Peter. It was weird.\" Sabrina smirked, \"It would seem that you are developing a crush on our little right hand elf, also known as Peter.\" She crossed her arms and her smirk grew when Bryony gave her a shocked look. \" Sabrina ! Don't even say stuff like that! There is no way I have can have a crush on Peter. Besides, I'm engaged…I can't have crushes…especially on elves like Peter.\" Bryony stated while crossing her arms. William shrugged while shuffling the cards, \"Maybe this is just the start of a friendship. There's nothing wrong with having a male buddy as long as your just friends.\" The wrapping elf nodded numbly. Normally she would agree that it was okay to have guy friends while married but after having a talk with Kevin earlier on in their 'relationship', and apparently he was the jealous type and didn't like Bryony hanging around so many men even if said men were just friends. After learning this, Bryony had confided to Norah about this upcoming issue and the paramedic elf insisted that Kevin wasn't only being jealous but he was also starting to show signs of possessiveness. If I were you, I'd call off the whole engagement thing with him cause it's only going to get worse. Those words still rung in Bryony's mind and Norah was giving her a look after hearing William's comment which clearly said, 'Break it off while you still can!' but Bryony ignored it. While her and her friends weren't happy about the upcoming marriage, her parents were and it would be a big let down if she just walked up to them and said 'Yeah Kevin is a complete a-hole while your backs are turned. In fact, he's already trying to separate me from my friends. So…I guess what I'm saying is that I want to call off the wedding and possibly marry someone else. Someone that you two won't like and won't meet your high standards.' Mm-hm, that would go so well. \"Bryony?\" Carlos asked while waving a hand in front of his friends face. Blinking herself out of her thoughts for the second time that day and turned to her friends. \"Sorry. What were you saying?\" Deborah adjusted her glasses, \"We were asking if you were doing anything else later after work.\" Bryony furrowed her brows in thought, \"Well I've got to wrap some presents before I'm done for the day but after that I think I'll be free. Why do you ask?\" she questioned with a small smile. \"Well, we were all going to head out for a walk later on and we were wondering if you wanted to join us so that the whole gang went. So are you up for it?\" Tardy asked with a grin. \"Sure, I'd love to. When are we going?\" Bryony replied. She could use a nice walk out in the snow. Walks always helped calm her nerves and it would be a good chance to truly hang out with her friends without Kevin randomly walking up and interrupting. She just really hoped that her fiancé wouldn't try to stop her from being with her friends or worse, try to join them. Andrew stood up while the rest of the group did the same, \"We all get done at five so lets all meet up at the entrance around five thirty. Bring a flashlight just in case it gets dark.\" He instructed while they all dispersed and walked off to get back to work. Bryony smiled as she headed off to where the gift wrappers worked. There was no way her good mood could be ruined now. Not by Kevin and not even by Peter. Letting out a content sigh she opened the door to the large work station and headed over to her assigned spot. Pressing a button on near her, a toy landed on the table; Bryony then pulled out a roll of wrapping paper and began to wrap the gift. \"Pieces of tape, one.\" She counted before making a couple of folds. \"Two.\" Fold, fold. \"Bryony!\" Damn, there goes her good mood. Not looking up, Bryony could hear Kevin sitting next to her and started his wrapping. \"I missed you at lunch today, I assume you were with those friends of yours?\" he mused lazily. \"Three. Yes we decided to eat in the lounge since the cafeteria is always packed.\" Bryony responded while working on another gift. 'One, two and three, done! Next!' She looked over the gift and pulled out some more wrapping. Kevin sniffed while he wrapped his gift daintily, \"Is that so?\" \"Yes it is so.\" One, two, three, she grabbed another gift and did the same thing but faster. 'Lets see how many I can do today.' The female wrapper thought while finishing her wrapping. So far she had wrapped four gifts in the last five minutes. It was pretty good compared to the one gift Kevin managed to wrap in said five minutes. The male smirked, \"Well, since you've spent most of your free time with your… friends ,\" He sneered as the word, \"I assume you wouldn't mind spending some time with your future husband.\" He stated while finally taking another gift and started working on it. Bryony gave a small snort, \"Actually since I haven't seen much of them since we became engaged, I decided that today was the day that I would spend as much time with them as I could before you stole me away again.\" She grabbed her now twelfth gift before continuing, \"So in other words, I can't spend time talking with you today because I already have other plans with my friends.\" Kevin pouted and went back to working . After a few moments of complete silence, he glanced at his fiancé, \"So what are you planning on doing with your dear friends?\" He wondered out loud as Bryony worked on her twenty fifth gift. The female paused for a second before replying slowly, \"We're just going to hang out for a while. Nothing much.\" She answered without stopping. \"Well then, I hope you enjoy yourself.\" He relied with sarcasm which caused Bryony to glare at him before she decided to keep quiet and hope that five thirty came around soon so she could get away from this jerk. 'Maybe Norah's right. Perhaps I should break off the wedding and find someone else to be with.' She thought but then mentally slapped herself. No, she really had to stop second guessing this whole marriage thing. It was completely obvious that marrying Kevin would bring her parents great pleasure and all Bryony wanted was to make her mother and father happy. And they honestly thought that she would be happy with a strong, handsome, elf like Kevin. Bryony gave a small eye roll, 'If only they knew the real Kevin, but oh well.' The rest of the work shift went without any other problems and Bryony was pleased when five'clock came around. As soon as her wrapping commander dismissed her and the other elves, she jumped up, cleaned her area and ran out of the room and made straight to her room to pick up her flashlight. As soon as she had her light source, Bryony jogged out of her room and headed towards the main entrance, being careful to avoid the security cameras and dodging the elves that now littered the halls. It wasn't long till she found herself with her friends at the main entrance alone. No one really left the headquarters so the main entrance was left alone. As it was, the elves weren't allowed to leave the factory unless it was for work. After work hours, everyone was free to do as they pleased except wonder around outside especially when it was dark. However, Bryony and her friends didn't really care and they would have their little 'rebel' moments and leave the safety of the headquarters and enjoy the fresh air. So far the sneaky elves had never gotten caught breaking the rules and had always managed to avoid being spotted by any humans (not that many came exploring the North pole) or mangled by any polar bears which were the number one danger to the tiny elves. \"You ready?\" Andrew asked while unlocking the door and peaking out before pushing it open all the way once he saw the coast was clear. Everyone nodded and whispered, \"Ready.\" With that, the nine elves quickly and quietly left the safety of the underground building and walked out while closing the door behind them. What none of them noticed was that Bryony had been followed by her fiancé who remained hidden around a corner and in the shadows. \"Oh Bryony my love, it seems as if you and your damn friends have been naughty.\" Kevin smirked before running off to find one of the Clause boys. A/N: And there's chapter 4, please review and chapter five is coming soon:D[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I don't own any recognizable characters from Arthur Christmas. The only thing I own are my oc's which at the moment include Kevin, Tanya, Sabrina, and Kathy. Blast! One would think it would be easy to find a couple humans yet after searching for about half an hour or so and not being able to find neither Arthur nor Steve, he was pretty much frustrated. He would have tried calling them on their HOHO's but the Claus family normally blocked out almost all of the elves from calling once the day ended. The only ones that could get ahold of them were the elves with extremely high ranks. Some of those elves included, Bryony, Andrew or William, whom were all out and about. The best bet would probably have to be Peter, the teachers' pet. Kevin shuddered at the thought of having to speak to the right hand elf. He wanted nothing to do with that little weirdo but if it meant getting Bryony and her friends caught then he would do it. Who knows, perhaps she would not be allowed to see her 'friends' and it would be easier to keep her on track when it came to the wedding plans. With a nod, Kevin walked off to find Peter. As he weaved through the crowd, he mused on the group of friends his fiancé was always hanging around with. Ever since Bryony had told them about her engagement to him, they had been a problem. Those friends of hers were always trying to convince her to call off their wedding and such. The wrapping elf shook his head; those elves were nothing but an obstacle between him and Bryony. 'Hopefully this obstacle can be removed tonight and hopefully now things can go smoothly as long as no one else gets in my way.' He mused and then grinned when he spotted Peter who was walking as fast as he could to get away from Tanya. 'I really don't know why he's avoiding her. It's a miracle that she's even after him so he might as well take advantage of it since she's the best and probably only girl that he's ever going to get!' Kevin thought while approaching Peter. \"Peter!\" He called out. The right hand elf stopped in his tracks and turned to Kevin. \"Yes?\" \"Do you by any chance know where Steve or Arthur are?\" Kevin questioned while putting his hands behind his back. Peter furrowed his brow suspiciously, \"They're getting ready for dinner with their family. Why do you ask?\" Kevin pursed his lips. Damn! Guess he would have to let Peter deal with it. He then gave his trademark smirk when Tanya came up behind Peter and wrapped her arms around him while he practically groaned in misery. Realizing that Peter was still waiting for a reply, the wrapping elf continued, \"Oh well it's just that I'd tell him that I saw a group of elves walk of the main entrance.\" He stated in a calm manner as if it weren't a big deal. Peter practically dropped his phone in shock, \"What? Who?\" He demanded while shrugging off Tanya. The female field elf was always so touch feely and it drove him crazy every time she clung on to him. Unfortunately now wasn't the time to complain about Tanya, he had bigger fish to fry. \"Who were the ones that went out?\" He questioned more forcefully. \"Oh mind your temper Peter, you wouldn't want to lose your cool in front of all these elves.\" Kevin stated in a bored tone yet held an amused look. Peter just glowered at the wrapping elf who sighed with an eye roll, \"Very well. I just saw my fiancé Bryony and her group of friends head out for a stroll around the pole. I was going to alert Steve or our new Santa but since they're busy, I guess you'll have to deal with them.\" Kevin stated with an amused look. Peter was silent for a few seconds before he furrowed his brow angrily, \"They what!\" He hissed, his ears were pointing slightly back like an angry dog. \"Are you sure they left?\" He continued while Kevin nodded, \"Oh yes, I guess they felt they are above the rules and decided to go out for a bit of fresh air.\" \"Damn it Bryony.\" Peter muttered under his breath while looking at his HOHO. The obvious this to do would be to contact Steve…or Arthur. But then again, this didn't seem like too big of a problem, if they didn't go too far then it wouldn't be too difficult to find them and he could deal with them himself. If he couldn't find the trouble making group, then he would contact Steve. Hesitating for a moment, he finally looked back at Kevin, \"Alright fine I'll take care of it, but you're coming with me. Knowing Bryony she won't listen to me so maybe if you're there, you could talk some sense into her.\" With that the right hand elf started towards the main entrance with Kevin close behind. Peter did a double take when Tanya jogged up next to him, \"And where do you think you're going?\" Peter questioned while his unwanted admirer pushed short strand of hair behind one of her ears. Tanya gave him a look as if that was the dumbest question in the world, \"I'm going with you silly!\" She replied while trying to hold Peter's hand, only for him to pull it away. \"I don't think so.\" Peter deadpanned. Tanya smirked, \"Oh yes I am, who knows, you might need some more help bringing those delinquents back in.\" she reasoned. Giving a frustrated sigh, Peter responded, \"That's why I'm bringing Kevin along.\" Tanya just shrugged, \"The more the merrier.\" Peter pursed his lips in annoyance but decided to keep quiet and let the elf have her way for once and continued towards the entrance. Kevin walked to Peter's other side, \"I assume that there will be some sort of punishment for them?\" He stated in a bit of a hopeful tone. Peter looked over at him, \"Yes you can be assured that they will receive some sort of punishment.\" Perfect. \"I suggest that perhaps the group should not be able to 'hang out' with each other. It's obvious that if they are allowed to stay together, they might…will, continue this disobedient behavior.\" Kevin suggested. \"That seems a bit harsh.\" Peter mused truthfully. After hearing this proposal, Peter really thought that was going a bit extreme. At the moment, he wasn't sure what their punishment would be but he really doubt that he would force them to stop seeing each other. Of course Tanya just had to add her own two cents into the conversation, \"Well I think that's a perfect punishment, lets' see it they try to sneak out again when they're not all together.\" She stuck her nose up in a superior way. Peter just shook his head while rolling his eyes. Somewhere outside the North Pole headquarters Bryony smiled as she enjoyed the fresh, yet extremely cold air. This was just what she needed after what's been happening for the past couple of days, a nice walk in the moonlight should help her relax and get her head straight. 'Soooo many weird thoughts and feelings these past couple of days.' She thought to herself. First off, there was Peter who was the main source of well…everything. Since yesterday she's been having these odd feelings towards the assistant elf and her soft, lovey side keeps putting weird thoughts into her mind. Then of course there was what Sabrina said earlier about her having a 'crush' on Peter! 'That's just crazy talk!' Bryony reasoned while she watched what looked like a playful shoving match between Andrew and Carlos. 'I can't have a crush on Peter, I just can't!' She laughed as Andrew pushed Carlos a little too hard and the elf ended up bumping into William; the S-1 helmsman elf gave Carlos a shove which sent the elf stumbling back to Andrew, where the two lost their balance and landed in the snow. \"Elf down.\" Carlos whimpered from his spot. Andrew and Carlos quickly got up before tackling William to the ground and started to play wrestle with him. \"Tardy I need back up!\" The helmsman elf called out. Tardy nodded before joining in with the small fight. The five female elves laughed as they watched the boys tussle. \"You four are such little boys!\" Kathy stated while covering her giggle with a hand. \"Not too rough you guys.\" Norah warned while crossing her arms and smirking as Andrew pinned down William. \"Norah call your boyfriend off!\" the pinned elf pleaded as he struggled but gave up when he realized that his captor was too strong. Norah rolled her eyes, \"Andrew love, please get off of William.\" Andrew looked up at his girlfriend and smiled before releasing his friend. With that, the rest of the boys got up and dusted the snow off their clothes. Deborah cleared her throat, \"Shall we continue?\" she questioned once the laughter had subsided. \"Yeah let's get going before it gets too late.\" Andrew agreed while the elves continued their walk. Now that all the excitement was over, Bryony could get back to her thoughts. While her feelings about Peter was a mystery, her thoughts about Kevin and the marriage were growing stronger every day. When she first agreed to marry Kevin, she didn't really have a reason to second guess herself since she didn't have any other love interest. Now that Peter was somewhat in the picture, things seemed a bit complicated and she was quickly finding herself wishing that she didn't have to marry Kevin. What was it about the right hand elf that was making her feel this way? 'Maybe it's the fact that you do sort of like Peter.' Her thoughts stated out of nowhere. 'No way that's even possible!' Her other side argued back while she shook her head softly. 'It could be.' The first voice taunted. Before her other 'voice' could reply, a real voice that she really didn't want to hear, sounded behind her and her friends. \"Enjoying your moonlight walk?\" Having not expected anyone else out, the group jumped, shared a nervous look with each other before slowly turned to face the elf with the familiar voice. Instantly, all their ears dropped when they saw none other than Peter standing with his arms crossed and looking pissed. Behind him stood Kevin, much to Bryony's surprise, and Tanya which wasn't much of a shock. Bryony licked her lips nervously, \"Peter, what are you doing out here?\" Peter scowled, \"I could ask you and your friends the same thing!\" he snapped back. \"We were just going for a quick walk.\" The wrapping elf explained while ringing her hands together. Peter stepped forward, \"Yes I could see that. Now tell me, what the hell did you all think you were doing?\" He demanded. Kevin stepped forward, \"Now Peter, don't get upset with Bryony. We both know how she loves to obey rules, her friends however…I'm not too sure about them. If anything, I think it was their idea for them to come on this little walk trip.\" He reasoned much to Bryony's displeasure. Did her fiancé just try to pass the blame on her friends? \"Don't try to blame this on my friends, this was all my idea.\" Bryony defended while putting her hands on her hips. Andrew was about to say that it was his idea but Bryony gave him a look that said, 'let me take the blame for this one' and the special Santa unit elf reluctantly stayed quiet. Peter rubbed his temple, \"Right now I don't care whose fault or idea this is, right now everyone needs to get back to the headquarters, now!\" With that the assistant turned and walked back with Tanya trailing behind him but not before giving Bryony a snooty smirk. Kevin walked next to his fiancé who frowned at him, \"Why did you say that?\" She whispered angrily. Kevin glanced down at his future wife, \"All will be explained once we get back.\" Was all he said in a note of finality. Bryony pursed her lips but dropped the subject. It would seem that Bryony now had another reason to call off the wedding. A/N: Yay chapter five! Sorry for the wait but college already starting to kick off. This semester I'm taking three literature classes and a college algebra math class and it's a lot of work :P. Any who, I hope y'all enjoyed this chapter:D A quick note about Peter and the ear thing he did when he was angry: I kind of figured that elves ears are flexible due to their long length so an elf can easily shift his/her ears depending on their mood. Their ears go back if their angry, or perk up if their happy, or droop down slightly if their sad, etc. Anyway, I'll have chapter 6 up ASAP. ;)[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I don't own any recognizable characters from Arthur Christmas, they belong to Aardman. The only thing I own are my oc's which at this point include, Kevin, Tanya, Kathy and Sabrina. :-) The trek back to the headquarters was quick and uneventful. Bryony held her arms across her chest the whole way. This was just so typical, the minuet she started having fun and enjoying herself, something or someone would always ruin it! In this case it was Peter, as usual, yet despite the fact that he was the one to cut the fun walk short, Bryony felt angrier at Kevin. Knowing him, Bryony wouldn't doubt that he was the reason Peter found out about her and her friends sneaking out. Then to top it all off, Kevin actually had the nerve to try to get her friends in trouble. Sure it was their idea, specifically Andrew's, but the last thing she wanted was her buddies to get in more trouble than they were already in which was why she decided to take the blame. 'Oh wait till Steve and Arthur find out about this!' Bryony thought miserably. And find out they would since Peter would no doubt tell Steve first thing in the morning. 'Unless he's already text him…oh I'm soooo dead!' The wrapping elf let out a soft groan which caused Kevin to look over at her. \"What's wrong my love?\" he asked innocently. Bryony shot him an icy look, \"You have no right to call me that right now!\" She snapped with narrowed eyes. Kevin furrowed his brow, \"You did this to yourselves-\" \"Well talk about this later, right now I don't want to talk to you.\" Bryony hissed while looking straight ahead as a signal that the conversation was over. Kevin frowned at his fiancé, that attitude would be the first thing to go once they were married. For now he would let her have her way and throw her small tempers. He then cast his glance ahead and caught sight of Tanya who was walking besides Peter. The elf tart had her hands on one of the elf's arms as they walked, the male's arm just dangled loosely in her grip. Kevin wrinkled his nose, if he was in Peter's position, he'd have spent the night with Tanya already instead of waiting for who knows what. He was even surprised that Tanya was spending so much time trying to seduce Peter when the male wasn't even giving into the temptation. 'If only Bryony were more like her…more beautiful, sexy, more feminine, submissive, and longer hair. While it was normal for female elves to have their hair cut short, Tanya kept her hair a bit longer than the rest. Bryony on the other hand, kept her hair extremely short with a small blonde mohawk; that wasn't exactly his favorite hair style. Then to top things off, she had that pierced brow. 'Thing number two that was going to go.' Kevin nodded. The sight of the Santa headquarters entrance shook him from his thoughts. Peter pulled his arm away from Tanya before walking up to the door. He gave it a tug and was relieved to see that no one had come by to lock it. \"Right. Everybody in!\" Peter demanded while holding the door open and pointing his finger inside. The elves filed in while Peter followed behind while closing and locking the door. He looked around at the elves till his eyes finally stayed on Bryony, \"Well since you all thought it was a good idea to make an unauthorized trip outside, I think it should be obvious that a punishment is in order.\" He started. Kevin looked at Peter with a hopeful glance before the assistant continued, \"Kevin here thought it would be a good idea to keep you separate for a while in order to rid yourselves of any temptation of wondering out again.\" The group all glared at Kevin who shrugged. \" But , even I think that's a bit harsh so I'll let you go with a warning and a minor punishment.\" Everyone looked at him with relief, or in the case of Kevin and Tanya, surprise. Peter pointed at the floor, \"Drop and give me twenty!\" He commanded. Bryony and her friends dropped down and began doing their push-ups in unison with Andrew counting them out loud. Down, up \"One sir!\" Down, up \"Two sir!\" Down, up \"Three sir!\" Down, up \"Four sir!\" Down, up \"Five sir!\" This went on till they finally reached twenty. \"Permission to get up sir.\" Andrew panted. Peter nodded, \"Permission granted.\" The group stood up tiredly. \"You can all retire to your rooms now, and don't try sneaking off again!\" Peter stated while the elves nodded and started to disperse. Tanya frowned at the fact that the group didn't get a harsher punishment; Kevin was disappointed that the group didn't get the punishment he hoped they would get. \"Tanya you have to go back to your room as well.\" Peter deadpanned. Tanya gave a huff before heading off to her room. Bryony was the last of group and was about to leave when Peter stopped her, \"Bryony I need to have a word with you.\" Kevin made to wait for her when Peter glanced at him, \"Alone.\" He added. Kevin glared at Peter, before leaving the two elves alone. Once the wrapping elf was gone, Peter turned to the female elf, \"Since it was 'your' idea to go out, I want you to drop down and give me another twenty.\" \"Are you serious?\" Bryony asked with a skeptical look. When she saw that the assistant wasn't kidding, she dropped down and began her second set of push-ups. Down, up \"One sir!\" Down, up \"Two sir!\" Down, up \"Three sir!\" Down, up \"Four sir!\" Down, up \"Five sir!\" she could feel her arms shake slightly, she was still a bit tired from the last set so doing this again was really taking the strength out of her. Down, up \"Six sir!\" Bryony panted, the elf had a hard time pushing herself back up after going down. Peter sighed, \"Alright that's enough, forget the rest and get up already.\" He couldn't stand watching another elf, especially a female, struggle the way Bryony was. Said female looked up at the male, not moving from her position. Peter motioned his hands up, \"You heard me. On your feet soldier. I think you've received enough punishment for tonight.\" Bryony blinked before she slowly stood up, \"Thank you…sir.\" She mumbled. The two elves stood a while in awkward silence, \"Does Steve and Arthur know about…?\" She started to ask but left the question open. Peter raised a brow, \"About you and your posse leaving headquarters without permission? No, but they will in the morning.\" He replied as he started to walk to the elf barracks. Bryony moved to walk next to him while rubbing her arm. \"So…how did you find out about us leaving?\" She asked in an attempt to break the strong silence that had overcome the two. Peter glanced at her out of the corner of his eye. \"Your fiancé alerted me of the situation. Quiet an elf he is, he even suggested an odd punishment.\" Peter replied while loosening his tie; there weren't any more elves out wondering the halls so there wasn't any harm in slacking his uniform. Bryony rose a brow, \"What did Kevin suggest?\" \"He thought it would be best if I ordered you to stop seeing your friends or something like that.\" He said while Bryony's face twisted into anger before the assistant elf continued, \"Of course even I thought that was a bit harsh and unnecessary so I decided not to give that punishment.\" He smirked at her, \"Besides, it's not like you would have listened to me anyway, knowing you, you would have found a way to get back with your friends.\" Bryony nodded while licking her lips, \"Well thanks for that…I guess.\" She said. A chuckle from Peter caused her to look up at him, \"That future husband of yours…you really know how to pick them.\" The Scottish elf gave a small snort, \" I didn't pick him. My parents did, I just agreed to marry him.\" She replied with a scowl. Peter tilted his head, \"An arranged marriage?\" \"Basically. Apparently Kevin has a good status, rank, and good breeding which is great for my parents cause they're already anxious to have some grandchildren.\" Bryony stated with a shrug of her shoulders. The assistant gave a short 'Hm' before adding his own two cents, \"Do you even like him?\" He questioned while staring straight ahead. Bryony was quiet for a moment before slowly admitting, \"No not at all, but if it makes my parents happy…then I'll go through with it.\" The two elves were thrown in silence once more before Bryony decided to break it for the second time, \"So what's going on between you and Tanya?\" Peter frowned, \"Nothing's going on between us. There's not even an 'us'. She just thinks we're together but believe me it's all in her head.\" \"Well that's good, cause you don't look the type to go out with that tart.\" The female joked while the male rolled his eyes. \"That and I don't have a taste in women who've slept with who knows how many other male elves.\" Peter retorted. Bryony smiled, \"I think we may have found something else we agree on. I don't know what I'd do if I found out Kevin's been sleeping around other women. Then again, it would give me another reason to call off the wedding since I prefer to be my husband's first just like he would be mine.\" Peter turned his head to Bryony, \"You're a virgin?\" Bryony frowned up at him, \"Yes…why?\" She asked with narrowed eyes while Peter shrugged, \"Oh no reason, you just don't look like it-Ow!\" The elf grabbed his shoulder after Bryony gave it a good punch. The wrapping elf put her hands on her hips and glared at the whining elf, \"Well what about you ? How many women have you been with?\" She demanded. Peter glared back, \"None okay?\" Bryony smirked, \"Well I'm not surprised.\" \"You're one to talk!\" Peter snapped back in which Bryony retorted, \"I'm a virgin because I chose not to sleep with anyone yet, you wouldn't believe how many guys try to make a move on me so I can share a bed with them for the night. You however don't have a choice; I've never seen you with any other woman besides Tanya.\" Peter pursed his lips before shaking his head and looking straight ahead. Automatically, Bryony regretted saying those things, \"Look Peter…I'm sorry alright. I shouldn't have said those things and I apologize.\" \"No I'm sorry, as much as I hate to admit it, I deserved that for starting the whole thing. Let's just forget it.\" He said without looking at her. Bryony sighed and decided to stay quiet for the time being. It wasn't long till Peter spoke out, \"What were you all doing outside anyways?\" He questioned while changing the subject. Bryony blinked, \"Nothing, we just wanted to go for a walk and get some fresh air. And I needed to think of some things.\" \"What kind of things?\" This caused the wrapping elf's mind to freeze, what could she tell him? 'Oh nothing much, just thinking that I might have a crush on you.' Yeah that would go really well. \"Just about Kevin and the wedding.\" She replied while scratching her head. \"Oh.\" Peter loosened his tie a bit more before stopping. \"Well, here we are.\" He added while turning to Bryony. The female elf looked around and realized that they were standing in front of her room. During their endurable conversation, she hadn't noticed that they were walking to her sleeping quarters. \"You escorted me to my room?\" She asked with a tilted head. Peter nodded, \"I thought you could use some company instead of walking down these halls by yourself. That and I wanted to make sure you didn't go wondering off somewhere else.\" A mixture of flattery and annoyance ran through Bryony at the statement. \"Oh, well thank you for the company but who's going to keep you company while you walk to your room?\" She asked with a playful smirk which was returned by Peter, \"Oh don't worry about me Miss Shelfley, I'll be fine on my own.\" He was about to leave when his eyes landed on the small mail box hanging on the wall next to the door. \"I think your new HOHO is in.\" He announced while taking the small box and handing it to the new owner. Bryony grabbed the end that was held out to her when one of her fingers brushed against one of Peters'. The feeling caused her to pause and look up at Peter who was looking at her expectantly. Then to make things even more awkward, the moment Bryony's blue-grey eyes met Peter's brown orbs, the two elves froze. Peter had never really noticed how pretty Bryony's eyes were till now. 'Must be the lighting in this hall.' He reasoned before swallowing the small lump in his throat. Bryony meanwhile was trying to slow down her heart which was pounding with excitement. The excitement grew when Peter brought his free hand to her cheek and gently ran a finger down her cheek, causing her eyes to flutter softly. This only lasted a split second before the two elves snapped out of it and they both looked away while Peter muttered a soft, \"Sorry.\" He then held his hand with the package out once more and Bryony quickly took it and uttered a small \"Thank you.\" While staring at the ground, her naturally pink cheeks were now burning red. Finally Peter cleared his throat, \"Well, good-night Bryony.\" With that he turned and walked down the hall towards his own room. \"Good night Peter!\" The wrapping elf called out softly before tapping her code on the device to unlock her door and entering her room. As soon as she closed and locked the door, she turned and placed a hand where Peter had touched her just moments earlier. She wasn't sure why he did that but in a way, she was glad he did. Kevin never really touched her like that, at least not in the gentle way like Peter did. The only time Kevin would stroke her cheek was when he was trying to seduce her, only for her to reject him stating that she wanted to wait till they were married before they did anything. In short, Kevin's touches made her feel uncomfortable and were very much unwanted whereas Peter's touch made her feel at ease and left her wanting more. Bryony groaned in frustration, \"Damn it Peter, what are you doing to me?\" Meanwhile Peter arrived at his room and sighed as he punched in the code to unlock his door. His mind was in overdrive, wondering why on Earth he stroked Bryony's cheek. 'Talk about random.' He thought as he walked into his room while taking his red tie off completely and tossing it onto the small table in his room. The elf proceeded to change into his sleeping cloths, brush his teeth and then throw himself stomach down, onto his bed. Rolling onto his back, Peter put his hands behind his head and stared up at the ceiling. Something in the back of his mind was telling him that things with Bryony were about to get pretty interesting. Then of course there was another voice in the back of his mind telling him to watch out for Kevin and Tanya. In all, he and Bryony were in for a bumpy ride. A/N: Hurray for chapter 6! :D Yes Peter, you and Bryony are in for a really bumpy ride;) Chapter 7 coming soon![Chapter 7] A/N: I'm soooooo sorry about the late update but college is really piling on the homework:P, anywho, here's the next chapter, enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas. The following day Bryony ran a hand over her short black and yellow hair as she walked towards the 'public' showers located in the area near her room. She was really looking forward to a nice hot shower after everything that's been going on lately. That and she had to get ready to meet up with her parents and unfortunately, meet up with Kevin again. The wrapping elf frowned, she was still upset at her fiancé and she had no doubt that the first thing he was going to do when he saw her parents was tell them how she and her friends broke one of the rules and snuck out last night. Then the three would all talk about how her friends are a bad influence on her and then that would lead to her looks and attitude and gods the list would just go on and on. She really hated being in the same room as her parents and Kevin. 'They make Peter look like a walk in the park.' Bryony thought before pausing. Peter…that cheek stroke he did to her last night came rushing back and the elf found herself touching her cheek. She smiled at the memory but then quickly shook her head, there was no way that touch meant anything. They just got a little too friendly last night and Peter had over done it and stroked her. That's all it was. It had to be. Bryony pursed her lips in thought, 'I wonder if he's even told Arthur and Steve about me and my friends leaving last night.' She thought nervously and opened the door to the ladies shower room. Upon entering, she gave a content sigh as she felt the warm steam from the water meet her skin. Walking to another door, she entered a second room where a few long tables were located with various bags and cloths on top of them. Nearby were several dressing rooms for the female elves to change. Bryony strolled over to one of the quarters and began to change from her sleeping cloths to her shower bikini that the female elves wore while washing. She carefully adjusted her royal blue top and bottom before stepping out onto the cemented floor that was bore a slightly rough surface to prevent anyone from slipping. She then walked to the large shower room and selected one of the shower heads. The wrapper elf gave a tuneless hum as she turned on and adjusted the water to a comfortably hot temperature before stepping into the water. \"Oh that's so much better.\" Bryony mumbled as she moved her hands over her hair, making sure it was soaked. The wrapper reached over and pushed one of the buttons on the wall that were labeled 'Shampoo', 'Conditioner', and 'Body Wash'. A small pool of shampoo gathered on her tiny palm before she brought it up and lathered her short hair and then proceeded to wash it off, she repeated the process with the conditioner. Bryony grabbed her light blue body sponge, poured some soap onto it and then gently scrubbed herself clean. As soon as the soap was all off, she picked up her razor and proceeded to shave her legs and underarms. \"There, all done!\" Bryony sighed while turning off the water and walking back to the dressing room. It didn't take long for her to fix her hair to its normal Mohawk style and change into her cloths. Today was Saturday and she, as well as all the other elves, had the weekends off and were free to wear anything that wasn't their uniforms. Today Bryony decided to wear a black t-shirt that read 'System of a Down' in front, dark blue jeans and some black sneakers. \"Well look who it is.\" The annoying voice caused Bryony to flinch slightly before turning to the source. Sure enough, Tanya stood behind the wrapping elf with her hands on her hips and narrowed eyes. \"What do you want this time Tanya.\" Bryony droned while gathering her things. Tanya flicked her hair before replying, \"I just wanted to know what went on between you and Peter after I left.\" 'Oh here we go again.' Bryony groaned inwardly as she rolled her eyes. \"Once again, nothing happened. He just talked and he walked me to my room in which he left as soon as I got in my room.\" The female field elf frowned and eyed the wrapper suspiciously. \"I'm not sure whether or not to believe that, but I'm telling you now; stay away from Peter. He's mine.\" Tanya hissed threateningly. Bryony furrowed her brow, \"First off, I don't take well to threats. Second, by what Peter told me last night, you don't have a chance with him.\" The wrapping she elf retorted while her rival huffed. \"It'll take some extra work but he'll warm up to the idea.\" Tanya mused while moving in front of the large mirror and fixing her hair, \"In the meantime,\" She cast a devious glance at Bryony who shifted on her feet, \"Are any of those guy friends of yours available?\" Bryony stiffened, \"Why do you want to know? Why do you even care, I thought you were after Peter.\" She snapped defensively. The long hair girl smirked, \"Like I said, Peter requires extra time and work. Unfortunately, because of him, I haven't had a single lay in a while and I'm ready for a quick satisfaction before I have him. Now if your guy 'just friends' are available, then you and those other girls you hang with wouldn't mind if I take one of them for a spin. I think Andrew would do.\" Never in her life had Bryony been so furious! 'That little tart!' She fumed. How dare this…this… whore make such a request! \"No none of them are available, especially not Andrew. In fact, Andrew is paired up with Norah.\" She replied as patiently as she could. Tanya frowned in thought, \"How about that Carlos?\" \"He's paired up with Sabrina.\" \"Tardy?\" \"Paired up with Deborah.\" \"Well then how about William?\" \"Paired up with Kathy.\" Tanya looked beyond frustrated much to Bryony's pleasure, however, her pleasure was short lived when Tanya smirked again, \"So they found 'true love' while you're stuck in an arranged marriage with an elf you don't like. Pity.\" She said while observing her fingernails. Bryony clenched her little fists, \"That's none of your business!\" The field elf laughed, \"I make everything my business. Now If you'll excuse me, I've got men to seduce before I get back to work on Peter.\" She walked to the door and made to leave when she quickly stuck her head back in the room, \"Bye Bryony!\" She said in an annoying, childish way while wiggling her fingers in the bye motion before leaving completely. Bryony finished gathering her things before storming out of the shower rooms. 'I hate her, I hate her, I hate her! ' She fumed as she headed to her room to drop off her bag. A small beep from her HOHO alerted her of a text message. Reaching into her bag, she pulled out the phone and read the message that she had received from…Kevin. Where are you? You're late! Bryony blinked at the text before checking the time and gasped. That little 'chat' with Tanya had taken up more time than she thought and she was now ten minutes late to the meeting with her parents and Kevin. \"Oh boy.\" She breathed as she broke out into a run to her room. Upon reaching it, she quickly punched in the code and just threw the bag into the room before locking it and running off to the room her parents shared. It would still take her a while to get there since her mother and father lived in a room that was at a far end of the headquarters. 'Great now my mum and dad have a whole list of things to nag about today, starting with my tardiness!' She panted as she continued to run down the many, many halls. A/N: Yeah as you can see, Peter didn't make an appearance in this chapter but he will in the next one. Also in chapter 8 I'll be introducing Bryony's parents as well as Peter's mother, so the next one should be pretty long:).[Chapter 8] A/N: Hello again, well here's chapter 8 .:) I decided to do the bold location/time thing as some other Arthur Christmas fanfic writers have been doing. I found out that it helps make the time and setting change a bit clearer. Disclaimer: I don't own Arthur Christmas. It belongs to Aardman and I make no money off this story. North Pole Headquarters, 10:30 am. (Bryony is now 30 minutes late) 'Almost there!' Bryony thought as she jogged down the final hall that led to her parents' room. It had taken her a while to arrive since more elves had emerged and started roaming the halls, which slowed down Bryony. Then of course she had stopped a couple of times to catch her breath. Finally she stopped in front of the door that read, 'Mr. and Mrs. Shelfley' and knocked. The door opened to reveal an older female elf with chin length, black hair who was scowling at the younger female. \"Well there you are! Where have you been? Its ten thirty and we've yet to discuss any of the wedding plans!\" The older woman snapped while pulling Bryony in by the arm. The wrapper elf stumbled slightly but quickly regained her footing. \"Hello to you too mother.\" She mumbled while rubbing her sore arm after her mother let her go. Looking around the room she saw her father sitting in one of the chairs, his dirty blonde hair was neatly combed back as usual. Next to him sat none other than Kevin, who was smirking at her. \"Kevin tells me that you and those hooligan friends of yours snuck out for a 'walk' last night.\" Her father said with a disapproving frown. Bryony rolled her eyes and made to sit in the chair next to the one her mother was sitting in. \"No, no! Your father will sit here and you'll sit next to your future husband. Brasil move so Bryony can sit there.\" Mrs. Shelfley instructed while ushering her daughter to the other seat. Mr. Shelfley got up and moved next to his wife. Once everyone was where they were supposed to sit, the older female smiled. \"There, much better.\" Bryony couldn't disagree more; she had to fight the urge to scoot away from Kevin. A loud thump caught her attention and she looked at the small table that was in the middle of the group. On the table was a thick binder that held many papers. \"While you were out doing who knows what, your mother was here working on the wedding arrangements, weren't you Enya?\" Mr. Shelfley stated while looking at his wife. Mrs. Shelfley nodded, \"Yes, while we already have the date set, which as you remember is this May, we still have many things to discuss.\" She said while flipping open the binder. \"What kind of things?\" Bryony asked. \"Well, we need to choose the color theme, revise the guest list, find a photographer for the wedding and the reception, shop for a wedding gown, choose the bridesmaids and the list just goes on!\" Mrs. Enya replied while looking down the list. Her daughter pinched the bridge of her nose, \"Why couldn't we just have a small wedding, like the ones where all you need is a few witnesses?\" She complained. Mr. Shelfley shook his head, \"Because that's basically getting hitched and no daughter of mine will be 'hitched'.\" He said in what sounded like a snooty tone. \"Only the best for my future wife.\" Kevin said as he grabbed Bryony's hand. Said future wife sighed in defeat. There was no point in starting another argument with her parents. Her mother's excited voice broke the short silence, \"Oh and we've also got to discuss the baby arrangements!\" Bryony's ears dropped slightly, \"What?\" \"You know, for when you two start have your little ones.\" Mrs. Shelfley explained while waving her hand and giving her daughter a 'duh' look. If she had been drinking anything, Bryony was sure that the drink would have flown from her mouth. \"Isn't it a bit early to be thinking about kids?\" She asked shocked. Bryony loved kids and all but planning for a baby before she was even married was beyond rushing things. Her mother rolled her eyes, \"We're just planning ahead dear.\" She said while taking the lid off the small box that was next to the large binder. Mrs. Shelfley reached in and brought out two tiny, pink baby booties. She held them out to her daughter, \"These used to be yours when you were just a wee little lass.\" Bryony reached out and gently took them from her mother and held them in her palm. \"They're so tiny.\" She mused in awe. Her father nodded, \"You were only four and a half inches long.\" He replied while leaning back in his chair. A knock on the door caught everyone's attention and her mother rose a brow before getting up and walking to the door, \"Now who can that be?\" She mused while opening it. \"Oh it's you.\" Mrs. Shelfley mumbled with a frown when she saw who was at the door. \"Is that anyway way to greet your big brother Enya?\" The familiar thick Scottish accent caught Bryony's attention and she perked up with a big grin. She'd recognize that voice anywhere, \"Uncle Elliot!\" She called out while leaning to the side in an attempt to see her uncle at the door. A Glengarry hatted head peaked around her mother and Bryony saw her uncle grin at her, \"Why Bryony, I figured- excuse me dear sister- that you'd be here what with all the wedding planning and what not.\" Elliot Bane said while walking past Mrs. Shelfley, who glared at her brother. Bryony got up and hugged her uncle who hugged her back. After they let go, Elliot nodded to Mr. Shelfley and Kevin before grabbing the last chair and pulled it up so that it was in between Bryony, and Kevin's seats. He sat down and adjusted his kilt then motioned for his niece to sit as well. All the while, he received cold glares from the other three occupants in which he ignored them all. Elliot glanced at Bryony before taking off his Glengarry hat and placing it on the wrapper elf's head. \"That hat suits you lass.\" He said with a smile. Bryony beamed up at him, unlike her parents and fiancé, she adored her uncle. \"Now, what were ye all talking about?\" The thick accented elf questioned while reaching into his sporran. \"Not in here and not in front of Bryony!\" Mrs. Shelfley snapped when her brother pulled out his pipe and she added, \"It's bad enough that she made her hair look like that and got that thing on her brow, I don't want to her pick up smoking as well!\" Elliot sighed and pushed his pipe back into his small bag, \"Alright, alright.\" Mr. Shelfley cleared his throat, \"Perhaps we should get back on topic. To answer your question Elliot, as you might have guessed, we were just discussing some wedding plans.\" His brother in law looked down at the large binder, \" All that ?\" Elliot asked while leaning forward and flipping through the pages. A beeping sound came from Kevin's pocket and the youngest male elf fished out his HOHO and stared at the screen. \"I'm sorry to say this everybody, but I must meet up with a…acquaintance. Perhaps we can reschedule this meeting?\" He asked while getting up from his chair. Bryony looked pleased while her parents looked disappointed, \"I suppose that would be alright.\" Her mother said while closing the binder. Kevin nodded, \"My apologies once again, I'll see myself out.\" With that, he strolled to the door and left the room. Mr. Shelfley looked at his daughter, \"I guess you're free to leave as well Bryony, your mum and I will message you once we set a date and don't be late next time.\" He said while rubbing his eyes. Bryony stood up and took off the Glengarry hat and held it to her uncle who put up a hand and shook his head, \"No, you keep it lass.\" He said while standing as well. Bryony tilted her head, \"Are you sure uncle?\" \"Yes, I've got a few others in my room. That one's my favorite but it looks better on you.\" He said while patting the young female elf's shoulder. \"Now off with you, I've got to talk to your mother.\" He instructed while walking Bryony to the door, \"Enya, I think we should talk in my room. I'm itching to use my pipe.\" He called as he left the room with Bryony. Mrs. Shelfley stood up and followed her brother and daughter out the door. As soon as all three were out, Elliot nudged her niece in one direction, \"You go on and chat with your friends and have fun. Your mum and I need to have a little chat of our own.\" He before turning in the opposite direction and walking to his room, which was only six doors away from his sister and brother in law. Bryony pretended to walk in the opposite direction, but as soon as she heard her uncle's door close behind him, she turned and ran to his room and quietly pressed her ear on the door. Inside Elliot's room, 11:00 am Elliot pulled out two chairs, sat down in one and motioned his sister to sit in the other. Once she was sitting, Elliot pulled out his pipe and his match box and lit it. Mrs. Shelfley shook her head as she watched her older sibling take a couple of short puffs. \"That habit of yours is bad for you what with your heart problem and all.\" She scolded. \"I'm fine Enya. Besides, I didn't bring you here to hear you nag my health decisions. I brought you here to talk about this marriage thing yer forcing on Bryony.\" He puffed on his pipe, \"It ain't fare to have the poor lass marry a man she clearly doesn't love or even like for that matter!\" He narrowed his eyes at Enya. Mrs. Shelfley rubbed her eyes tiredly, \"You don't understand Elliot, Kevin will be a good husband for Bryony, he has a high social status, a high rank, good breeding-\" \"That's not all you're supposed to look for in a man Enya!\" Elliot interrupted harshly, \"A lass like Bryony needs to find a man on her own. She needs to find a man who will love and take care of her and help support her children. A man that will keep her happy and make her laugh, a man who will be there for her and support her ideas. She needs someone with a shoulder to cry on when she's upset and comfort her when she's sad! I don't think that Kevin fella can do any of those things!\" He gestured at the closed door with his pipe before leaning back and taking a deep breath from the pipe before blowing out the smoke slowly. Enya Shelfley refused to answer and Elliot continued, \"I tell you, I've got a bad feeling about that Kevin boy. Just you wait, when you least expect it, he'll turn around and do something to hurt Bryony mark my words.\" He growled angrily. His sister frowned, \"That's all it is Elliot. It's just one of those 'doom' feelings you get. You don't know that Kevin will do something like that.\" She hissed back angrily. North Pole Hallway, 11:05 am Bryony stepped back from the door and quickly walked down the halls towards the lounge where her friends hung out. Her uncle's words ran through her head and she smiled. It seemed that he was the only one in her family that was on her side. She wasn't sure if he was right about Kevin hurting her in anyway and only hoped that it was as her mother called, 'just a doom feeling'. He did get those a lot and according to Deborah, who worked in Mission Control with him, he was known as the 'Doom Laden elf'. \"I really that was just a feeling uncle. I really do.\" She whispered to herself as she continued to walk. A/N: Well there's chapter 8:) Don't forget to leave a review please and chapter 9 will be up soon. Also if you haven't guessed by now, Bryony's Uncle Elliot Bane is that old Scottish elf from the movie. He was the one who went on about Santa being seen in the 1800's and the elves had to go into hiding for six years. (Elliot Bane isn't his real name in the film, nore is he Bryony's uncle. I just made that up for the story)[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I don't own any familiar characters from Arthur Christmas. They belong to Aardman which I'm not a part of so I get no money off this fanfic! North Pole Headquarters, 11:10 am Peter gave a frustrated groan as he stared at his reflection in the mirror. The few strands of hair that stood up at the front of his parted hair, refused to stay down. After spending a moment or two trying to flatten them down, only for the stands to spring back up, he sighed in defeat. \"Forget it.\" He grumbled and smoothed out his orange polo shirt. Orange wasn't exactly his favorite color, but his mother liked it and if it pleased her, then he was happy. He stole one last glance at himself in the mirror before leaving the room. 'It's been a couple of weeks since I've visited her…I hope she won't be upset.' He thought as he made his journey to his mothers' quarters. \"Nice shirt Peter.\" An elf snickered as she walked past him in one of the halls. Peter ignored her, he wasn't in the mood to argue with a rude elf and the last thing he wanted was to show up on his mother's door step in a bad mood. He wanted to spend his Saturday having a peaceful chat with his mother instead of ranting on about how nobody listened to him and what not. Just then, an elf ran around the corner that he was about to turn, and crashed into Peter, sending them both crashing to the ground. Peter shook his head and glared up at the elf who was none other than Bryony. The female elf stared down at Peter in surprise, \"Sorry I didn't know you were around the corner.\" She gave a sheepish grin. \"Get a room you two!\" A passerby elf called while he and his friends wondered past them. Peter and Bryony looked over each other and saw how they were in a very much suggested position. Peter was lying on his back while Bryony was on top of him, so that their bellies were touching. 'This looks so wrong! Wait…what's that?' The wrapping elf thought and looked back into Peter's face with a confused and suspicious look. \"Peter…I think something of yours is poking me…\" She said slowly. The assistant elf blinked, \"Oh it's just my HOHO.\" He said casually. \"Your what ?\" Bryony asked while pulling her head back. Peter squirmed as he reached into one of his hip pockets and pulled out his red HOHO phone, \"See? My HOHO. What did you think it was?\" he asked with a raised brow. Bryony's blush didn't go unnoticed and Peter's mouth formed a small 'o' of shock before he gave an uncertain smirk, \"Having dirty thoughts about me Miss Shelfley?\" \"Not even in your dreams Jones.\" Bryony grumbled with an unimpressed look. The assistant gave her a 'whatever' expression, \"Well, now that we have that all settled, would you mind getting off me?\" He requested. Bryony scrambled off the male and watched as he stood up as well while adjusting his shirt. \"So Bryony, where were you off to in such a hurry?\" He pondered out loud. \"If you must know, I just left my parents room and I was going to go meet up with my friends. That is unless Steve and Arthur would like to speak to me about what happened last night…\" She trailed off. She had totally forgotten about Peter saying he was going to the Claus boys about last night's events. Peter shook his head, \"No they're really busy today so I decided not to tell them about it. Just consider last night a warning.\" He said with a wave of his hand. Bryony blinked a couple of times, \"Really?\" She questioned. \"Would you rather I go tell them right now?\" Peter retorted while crossing his arms and the female elf shook her head quickly. \"No, no a warnings fine thank you.\" \"Good, now if you don't mind, I've got to go meet up with my mother.\" He stated and continued to walk around the corner while Bryony ran off in search of her friends. As soon as he heard her footsteps fade away, Peter let out a small groan and doubled over slightly as his pointy ears drooped. \"Her leg hit me right in the nu...crotch!\" he whimpered, \"Oh gods that hurt like hell.\" He added while taking a deep breath and relaxing. When Bryony knocked him over, her leg hit him in his most sensitive spot as she landed. It had taken everything in his will power to keep from crying out or doubling over in pain in front of her. \"Alright, I'm okay.\" He said and began to walk the rest of the way to his mom's room. It didn't take him long to reach the door that read, 'Mrs. Jones'. Despite being a widow, Mrs. Jones had refused to give up her husbands name and rejected any suitors that tried to court her after her husband passed away. He knocked and the door opened to reveal a copper haired female elf. Her face lit up when she saw who was at the door. \"Peter, what a pleasant surprise! Come in, come in!\" His mother ushered him in before closing the door. \"So what brings you here love?\" She added after giving her son a loving hug. \"Oh nothing, I just thought I'd stop by and say hello.\" Peter replied with a shrug. His mother beamed at him. \"Thank you Peter, you know I always love seeing my baby boy.\" She placed her hands on his cheeks as her eyes roamed over his face. \"I swear you look more like your father every day.\" She breathed as her eyes teared up. The two elves turned to look at the small picture frame on the table. The picture displayed a male field elf that looked very much like Peter. He had brown eyes and the same chestnut brown colored hair as Peter. The only difference between Mr. Jones and Peter was that the elder male had a round nose whereas Peter's was long and pointy. This was the second trait the assistant elf picked up from his mother; the first was the long fingers with sharp nails. Mrs. Jones smiled at the picture, \"Zane was so happy when you were born, he was so excited to be a daddy. I remember he told me, 'Look at him Lydia, he's perfect!'\" She dabbed her eyes with the hankie she carried in her pocket. Despite having heard that story thousands of times, Peter still smiled and nodded. He remembered how his father used to play with him after work or during the weekends. His mother told him stories about how his dad would pick him up and hold him above his head and make airplane noises while saying stuff like, \"Look Peter's flying!\" and Peter would giggle with excitement. While Peter didn't remember those memories, he did remember the times he had with his father when he was five. He remembered how his dad would lay down on the floor and Peter would crawl all over him and the two would 'wrestle' and roll around on the floor. The game would always end with Mr. Jones 'losing' to Peter. Zane would lie on his back while Peter climbed on top of his stomach and his mother would count to ten in which she would declare Peter the winner. Having 'won' the fight, Peter would give a proud, satisfied smirk. Unfortunately, the assistant also remembered the day he was told that his father wouldn't be coming back to the room they all shared. Peter had been coloring at the table while his mother lay in bed reading a book. His father had gone out with a battalion for field training and a hungry polar bear had attacked them. It was sad to say that Zane was fatally injured and passed away before the paramedic elves could get him to the hospital. An elf had come by the room and informed the newly widowed elf and the now fatherless elfling, the tragic news. Peter gently shook his head to rid himself of the memory and smiled down at his mother. \"Well what have you been up to mother?\" He asked. Mrs. Jones blinked and gave a small smile at her son, \"On nothing much, I've just been here working on different arts and crafts projects.\" She said while looking around the room. Peter glanced around too and noticed the little projects his mother had finished or was currently working on. \"They look nice.\" He said and turned back to his mother, was holding out a cup of tea for him. He politely declined with a shake of his head and the two sat on the 'lovebird' couch his mother had. \"So what have you been up too?\" She asked while sipping her own tea. \"Oh nothing much, just working and helping Steve.\" He replied while leaning back comfortable. \"Have you met any girls?\" His mother questioned with a sly look. Peter sighed and leaned his head back, \"Moooom!\" he whined with embarrassment. Mrs. Jones giggled behind her hand, \"I'm sorry Peter, it's just that you're such a nice boy and I want to see you happy with a young girl and have little babies of your own.\" The elder female's eyes lit up at the thought, \"Imagine you becoming a daddy Peter!\" \"Sorry to say this mum, but I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon.\" He pushed a strand of hair back with a frown. His mother gave him a small smile, \"That's not true Peter, you'll find a pretty, loving girl soon. You just have to know where to look.\" Peter really didn't feel comfortable talking about these things with his mother and he changed the topic. \"So mum, lunch is coming up soon and I was wondering if you wanted to come eat with me. Unless you had a big breakfast or had other plans in which I'd understand if you didn't want to come.\" He invited hopefully. Mrs. Jones shook her head, \"I'd love to join you for lunch. I had a small breakfast and I don't have any other plans for the day.\" She replied with a shrug in which Peter beamed. They spent the next half hour having small talk before taking off for lunch. A/N: And there you have Peter's mother. She's a lot nicer than Bryony's parents and while she does want her son to get married and have kids, she doesn't force it on him like the Shelfley's. Anywho, she, as well as Bryony's family will make some more appearances in later chapters. I think I'll have the next chapter focus on Bryony's friends just to give them a bit more background. Since I've already given a lot of Peter's background, I'll be doing a chapter on Bryony's history. That'll be in chapter 11. After that, we'll see what Kevin and Tanya are up too and then the story will really get moving with the romance and drama and what not.;) Oh and before I forget; I mentioned in this chapter that Peter had sharp nails, this is actually true! I was looking at a screen cap with him and I noticed that his nails were sharp. Instead of being round like all the other characters, his were pointy. Quite an interesting find:)[Chapter 10] Disclaimer: I do not own Arthur Christmas. The only things I own is the plot for this fanfic and the oc's that appear. :D North Pole Headquarters: Ladies Restroom, 12:00 P.M Carlos and Sabrina Sabrina paced back and forth in the restroom, she was nervously biting one of her fingernails and every so often she would glance at her watch before looking over at the sink. Resting on the marble white top was a little washcloth and on top of that was a small, long, white device. Taking a shaky breath, Sabrina continued with her pacing. 'Only a couple more minutes.' She thought. The gift sorter had missed her last monthly five day 'gift' and she had been having a case of morning sickness that had started earlier that week. She had a good suspicion on what was the cause of her symptoms, but she wanted to be sure first. A small beep from her watch caught her attention and she looked down to turn off her timer. Taking a deep sigh, she slowly approached the counter and picked up the home pregnancy test and started down at the results. Two pink lines. Positive. Sabrina couldn't believe it…she was pregnant! The she elf's heart beat with excitement at her discovery and she placed her hand over her belly. Then a thought came to her; while she was overjoyed at the thought of becoming a mother, how would Carlos feel about becoming a dad since there was no doubt that he was the father. 'He's the only one I've ever slept with so of course he's the father.' Sabrina thought with a chuckle and an eye roll. Making a double check on the test, Sabrina smiled and left the restroom. Propped up against the wall next to the door was Carlos who had been waiting for Sabrina patiently, his arms were crossed and one knee was bent so that his foot was flat against the wall, keeping him balanced. He turned his head and smiled when he saw Sabrina leave the ladies room. \"There you are- whoa, what's that?\" He asked before leaning back when Sabrina practically shoved the pregnancy test in his face. \"It's a pregnancy test silly!\" She giggled. \"Pregnancy test?\" Carlos questioned with a raised brow. \"Whose is that?\" he added. Sabrina smirked, \"I don't know, I found it on the counter and thought I'd check it out.\" She then laughed at Carlos' shocked expression, \"I'm kidding , I would never do that. Anyway, to answer your question, it's mine. I had been feeling a bit off lately and I decided to test a theory which turned out positive.\" She wiggled the white stick a little. Carlos furrowed his brow in thought, \"So you've been feeling sick, had a 'theory' as you called it, and decided to take a pregnancy test which turned out positive so that means-\" He trailed off and looked at his girlfriend as realization started to cross his face. Sabrina nodded with a big grin, \"I'm pregnant. We're going to be parents!\" Carlos was in shock, \"I'm going to be a dad?\" He whispered while Sabrina nodded once more. When his question had been confirmed, the male field elf gave a loud laugh before pulling the sorting elf into a hug. \"Sabrina that's great!\" He exclaimed and pressed his lips to hers in a loving kiss. Finally he let her go and knelt down to press his face gently to her belly, a huge smile was plastered on his face. \"What would you want? A boy or a girl?\" Sabrina asked while running a hand over the future father's head. Carlos' response came out muffled by Sabrina's belly, but his response was still clear. \"I don't really care what we get as long as it comes out healthy and it looks like its mother.\" The blond female smiled, \"I was actually hoping it would look like its daddy.\" \"Maybe it'll look like both of us.\" Carlos stated with a shrug as Sabrina nodded in agreement. After a few moments of hugging, Sabrina tapped her boyfriend's shoulder, \"Give me a second love, I've got to throw this test away. The results are starting to fade.\" Carlos reluctantly let her go and watched as she quickly opened the restroom door and carefully tossed it into the nearby trashcan. She then turned back to Carlos and resumed her hugging. \"When should we tell the others?\" She questioned as they began to stroll down the hall with their arms wrapped around each other. Carlos smiled, \"I guess we can tell them next time we all get together.\" His brows furrowed in thought once more as he looked down at Sabrina, \"Hey, now that you're pregnant, you're gonna have to ease off the training for a while, especially once you get closer to your due date…whenever that is.\" He said seriously. Sabrina licked her lips and nodded, \"I know but luckily as a gift sorter, my only real training is practicing on the sorter controls. I rarely have to do any physical training.\" \"Yeah well…I know I'm new to this parent stuff, but I don't think it's healthy for you to be under too much stress while you're expecting. Just promise you'll be careful.\" Carlos pleaded as he stepped in front of Sabrina and took her hands in his. The she elf carefully took one of her hands from his and gently placed it on his cheek. \"Don't worry, I'll be fine. I promise to be careful.\" With that, she placed a quick peck on his nose and the two continued down the hall. A chuckle from Carlos cause Sabrina to look up at him, \"What?\" \"You know a lot of people are going to frown upon us since were not married.\" Carlos stated in a matter-of-fact way. Sabrina shrugged, \"Let them think whatever they want but just because we're not married yet doesn't make us bad parents.\" She replied and sighed. She was about to continue walking when Carlos grabbed her hand and pulled her in the opposite direction. \"Carlos, where are we going? The lounge is in that direction!\" The sorter complained while pointing in the other direction. Carlos shook his head, \"I know but…I want to spend some time with you alone…in my room if you know what I mean.\" He sent her a sly look which she caught right away and smirked back. \"Oh Carlos, you naughty boy.\" She teased before the two of them laughed and strolled back to Carlos' room for a quick, private celebration. North Pole Headquarters: Elf paramedic offices, 12:30 P.M Andrew and Norah It was a relatively slow day for the doctors, nurses and paramedics, almost too slow for Norah's liking. Despite it being a Saturday, some elves still had to work on the weekends; just because it was the weekend didn't mean elves stopped getting hurt during those days off. Luckily, Norah only had to work for about half an hour before the next medical personal took over her shift. 'I just wish that during my shift, id have a patient or two instead of sitting here in complete boredom reading the same medical book for the hundredth time!' Norah thought with a scowl. She brushed her long brown bangs back to the side before turning the page in her book. A knock at the door caught her attention. She quickly opened the door and saw one of the other paramedics leaning against the frame, \"You've got a patient waiting for you in room 205.\" He said before walking away. Norah grabbed her clipboard and made her way to room 205. When she got there, she quietly knocked on the door and opened it slowly. \"Alright what seems to be the problem…Andrew? What are you doing here?\" To say that she was surprised to see her boyfriend there was an understatement. Andrew gave her a sheepish grin and held up his left hand. The paramedic she elf gasped when she saw his injury. His wrist was swollen and slightly bruised and his pinky was sticking outwards in an odd angle. Looking at his face, Norah could see behind his smile that he was in a lot of pain. \"What happened?\" She asked in concern as she reached out to gently hold his hand to inspect it. She pulled away when the male gave a small pained cry, \"I'm sorry!\" She apologized quickly. Andrew shook his head, \"It's alright. I was doing some extra training with one of the other Special Santa Unit elf's and it got a little out of hand and…well…\"He held up his hand once more and winced as Norah carefully held it. \"Oh Andrew.\" She sighed and led him to the small x-ray machine. \"Put your hand here so I can get a few pictures.\" She instructed. Andrew complied and within a moment, Norah had the pictures. \"Well your pinky's obviously dislocated so I'll have to push that back into place. As for your wrist, you have a level three sprain. I'll be able to patch you up but you're going to have to take it easy for the next couple of weeks.\" She stated while grabbing a splint for his finger and a bandage wrap for his wrist. After she gathered her materials, she timidly approached Andrew. Norah hesitated for a second and gave a nervous sigh, \"I'm gonna start with the pinky. I'm not going to lie so I'm telling you now, this will hurt a bit. But I want you to know that I would never want to hurt you like this.\" Andrew shrugged, \"Just do what you gotta do. I don't hold grudges easily.\" He said with a reassuring smile which Norah returned. \"Alright, now just relax and it will hurt less.\" She instructed and Andrew did as he was told. A loud crack was heard followed by a restrained yelp. Norah put the finger in the splint and then carefully wrapped her boyfriend's wrist. The whole process only took about five minutes. \"There, all done!\" Norah announced as Andrew carefully slid off the examination table that he had been sitting on. The Special Santa Unit elf looked over his girlfriend's handy work and nodded, \"Thanks Norah!\" \"Now don't forget to be more careful.\" Norah reminded and gave him a kiss on the tip of his nose before she turned and started to clean up the room. Andrew watched as the paramedic returned the extra bandages to the cupboard. \"So Norah…when are you getting off from your shift?\" he asked innocently. Norah glanced at her watch, \"I'm actually off in about ten minutes. Do you have something planned for us?\" She questioned with a smile. Andrew smirked, \"Yeah I thought you'd like to see a movie with me.\" \"Alright what kind of movie?\" Norah asked, not that she really cared. She loved almost any kind of movie. The other elf's smirk grew, \"Oh just one of those horror movies.\" He replied with a shrug. \"Oooh a scary movie? I suppose you'll want to hide your face in my shoulder?\" She teased lightly, causing Andrew to chuckle, \"Actually I was hoping that you would hide your face in my shoulder.\" He retorted, earning a giggle from Norah. The she elf nodded, \"Alright Mr. Brave-Romantic, I'll join you for the movie.\" With that they were about to leave when Andrew's HOHO beeped, signaling that he had a new text message. Quickly fishing out his phone from his pocket, Andrew looked at the screen and read the message. When he finished, he gave a small 'huh' sound and looked over at the female who was also looking at her phone. Apparently she also got the memo. \"I wonder what their 'big news' is.\" Norah wondered as they walked towards her office so she could punch out for the day. \"Who knows, but it must be big if they really want us all to be there at dinner.\" Andrew replied while setting up his alarm on his phone. If it was really big news then he didn't want to keep his friends waiting. After Norah punched out, the two elves walked to Andrews' room when he glanced at Norah, \"Hey…you don't mind watching a Japanese horror film right?\" He asked nervously. Norah rose a brow, \"Is it in English or is it one of those Japanese movies with the English subtitles on the bottom that you have to read throughout the whole movie because the characters are actually speaking Japanese and you're so busy reading the subtitles that you miss out in half the movie?\" Andrew cleared his throat uneasily, \"Uh…it's the second one, BUT it's really good and it's really scary, you'll like it I promise!\" He assured and continued to lead Norah. The female elf shook her head and chuckled at her boyfriend. North Pole Headquarters: Computer Lab, 12:45 P.M Tardy and Deborah The sound of many clicking keys filled the air in the computer lab as the various elves went on doing what they pleased. Many were either browsing the net or playing games or getting ahead in their work. Tardy and Deborah were part of the third group, the nerd group, as some people called them. Deborah was going over some information from past missions that she had saved on a USB drive. Tardy was sitting at the computer next to hers and was doing some research on some fancy high tech gadgets form around the world. Every so often he would glance at Deborah but then shoot his eyes back to his screen whenever she would turn to look at him. Deborah would just smile and then get back to work. Even though they were in fact together, for some reason, they would have moments where they would both be too shy to communicate well. As a result, they would commonly endure many awkward moments and they had to be nudged in the right direction by their friends. Deborah figured that it was partially her fault that they were moving so slowly. She was knew that she was the one that wasn't ready to move past a simple kiss. Tardy was constantly trying to get past 'first base', as they say, yet she would always talk him out of it and they would just end up chatting. Tardy insisted that it didn't bother him, but she knew that deep down it did. As it was, right now was a good example of their awkward silences. \"Deborah?\" Said she elf's ears twitched at the sound of her name and she looked over at herboyfriend. \"Yes Tardy?\" she replied with a smile and adjusted her glasses. The male shifted in his seat, \"I'm sorry.\" He apologized softly while looking down at his keyboard. His pointy ears were drooped down with shame. Deborah tilted her head and furrowed her brows, \"Sorry for what?\" \"For trying to move this relationship too fast.\" He replied as he looked her in the eye. Deborah blinked in surprise, \"Tardy, you have nothing to be sorry about. I'm the one that's slowing us down. If anything, I'm the one that should be sorry and I am! You're trying so hard to take our relationship to the next level yet here I am blowing you off every chance I get. But please don't take it that I don't love you because I do love you it's just…well, I've never been in any romantic relationship before and I'm a bit scared about going past the first level.\" She explained. Her hand was smoothing down her really short black hair. It was Tardy's turn to raise a brow, \"Scared?\" Deborah nodded, \"Yeah, it's silly I know but, I've heard so many stories from other elves or about human females who get caught up in a bad relationship and end up getting hurt by the men. I heard the women get hurt mentally, emotionally and even physically…I don't want that to happen to me!\" She whimpered softly as she stared back at her screen. Yes she had heard the stories of women, both human and elf, who rushed into a romance only to have find that not all love stories have a happy ending. \"I would never do anything to hurt you Deborah.\" Tardy stated softly as he looked his girlfriend over. The female mission control elf looked back over at Tardy and smiled, \"I know you wouldn't, it's just…\" \"You can't help being cautious.\" Tardy finished with a soft understanding smile. Deborah nodded, she was grateful to have an elf like Tardy and she was sure that eventually, she would be ready to move onto level two, then three and then the final stage and hopefully they would get a family out of it. 'I just wish that Bryony's fiancé was more like Tardy. Kevin really doesn't deserve her.' Deborah mused as she and Tardy went back to work. It had only been a few moments before Tardy spoke up again, \"So...did you get the text from Carlos or Sabrina?\" He asked without taking his eyes off the screen. Deborah nodded, \"Yeah, apparently they have something important they want to share with us.\" She replied. Tardy chuckled, \"It must be pretty good for them to actually send us a text to remind us to get together tonight.\" Deborah giggled, \"Yeah, too bad we won't know till this evening.\" She agreed while logging off her computer and putting her USB away in her pocket. Tardy did the same and the two elves stood up to stretch. \"So what do you want to do know?\" Deborah asked as she and Tardy left the computer lab and started to walk down the halls. Tardy shrugged, \"I guess we can have a late lunch since we basically missed it.\" He suggested. Deborah smiled, \"That sounds good to me and I am pretty hungry.\" Tardy grinned and held out his arm for the other elf to grab, \"Then let's get going.\" He stated and started to lead the female over to the cafeteria. As they walked, Deborah let out a content sigh and rested her head against the alarm/gadget specialist elf's shoulder. Neither of them were very popular amongst the other elves, but they both knew that they were lucky to have each other, no matter how fast or slow their relationship went. North Pole Headquarters: Main Hangar, 1:00 P.M William and Kathy William pulled off his blue cap and wiped the small beads of sweat that had formed on his forehead with his arm. He then pulled his cap back on. Despite living in a fortress made of mostly ice, it was surprisingly easy to work up a sweat just by helping clean the S-1. 'At least we're almost done.' William thought as he looked around and saw the other 3,000 elves that had volunteered to help wash the ship. Nearby, he saw his girlfriend and love of his life, Kathy, fanning herself with her hand. William smirked before calling out, \"Uh, excuse me miss! No slacking off please!\" The female S-1 crew elf jumped and looked over to see who had called out. When she saw that it was one of helmsman, more specifically William, she smirked back at him and gave a mock salute, \"Yes sir, no slacking off here sir!\" The two elves shared a laugh before getting back to scrubbing the huge red ship. They had been at it since six in the morning and they were probably going to take another hour or so to finish completely. Williams' tiny muscles were aching from all the scrubbing and he was pretty sure Kathy was just as tired as him. Kathy was looking forward to finishing so that she could relax and perhaps take a small nap before enjoying the rest of her Saturday. 'The sooner we finish the better.' She thought as she cleaned faster and added, 'Next time I'll volunteer to help clean the inside.' \"Alright everyone, move back for the rinse!\" The call came from one of the rise elves who were getting the large hoses ready. The elves moved back and watched as the water blasted out and rinsed away all of the soap, which rolled off into the drains at the bottom. \"At least all we have to do now is just dry it.\" William stated while handing Kathy a couple of drying rags. Kathy nodded, \"It's a good thing we don't have to worry about waxing it till its closer to Christmas.\" She shuddered at the thought. The waxing process took an extra hour or two for the elves, but luckily the elves didn't have to worry about doing that till a couple of days before Christmas that way the ship looked nice and shiny on Christmas eve during the delivers. 'Not that anyone but us sees it.' Kathy mumbled in her mind. As soon as the rinse elves finished removing all the soap, a large gust of air blew over the ship drying most of it but leaving the stubborn droplets behind. Once the fan was off, the rest of the cleaning crew walked back to the ship and started to wipe up the small drops of water with their cloths. \"So what are you going to do after we're done?\" William asked Kathy when she moved into ear reach of him. The S-1 crew elf snickered while shaking her head, \"I don't know about you, but I'm gonna take a nice nap. What about you?\" She looked over at the helmsman who smiled at the thought of sleeping. \"I think I'll be taking a nap too cause sleeping sounds like a really good idea right now.\" He replied as he paused in his work and rotated one of his shoulders that had started to cramp up. 'I'm really going to be feeling this in the morning.' He whined as he went back to work. Sure enough, it took the elves about an hour to fully dry the ship and officially say they were finished. With that, the elves tossed their cleaning rags into the large baskets where they were stored until the next use. They then all walked over to the many long tables that had been set up so the elves can place their phones and other unwater proof belongings. The security elves that were there to make sure that no one's stuff went missing, moved out of the way as the elves filed passed them. William made his way around everyone, \"Alright Table: E, section 12…there it is!\" he mumbled as he picked up his phone. It was a good thing that the tables were labeled with letters and numbers so it made it a whole lot easier to remember where one left their stuff. \"Hm, I got a message from Carlos.\" He read as the screen informed him that he had a text. He read over the short message and looked up when he heard Kathy approaching him, also looking at her phone. \"I assume you got the message too?\" He questioned. Kathy nodded, \"Yeah, but mine was from Sabrina. Apparently it's really good news and they really want us all to be there. I guess I should take my nap right now…and hopefully I don't over sleep.\" William chuckled, \"We're not meeting up till 6:00, and I highly doubt you'll over sleep.\" \"William,\" she started, \"my naps are usually like three sometimes four hours long.\" She put a hand on her hip while William rubbed his head, \"Oh! Well… I don't take very long naps, so if you want, I can wake you up when I do.\" He suggested. Kathy shrugged, \"Yeah that'll probably be the best plan cause if I set up my alarm, I'll probably just end up turning it off and then going back to bed.\" William nodded, \"Alright, so I guess we should get to sleep right now and then I'll wake you up in an hour or two.\" He said while Kathy nodded, \"Sounds good to me. Now if you don't mind, I'd really like to take that nap now but I'll see you later.\" She stated while heading off to her room while William went to his. As soon as Kathy's head hit the pillow, she fell fast asleep. A/N: Hello everyone I'm back! Anywho, I'm really sorry for the long wait, I've been busy with other stuff so I never really had a chance to update my stories. But obviously I was able to find some extra time and made a nice long chapter for y'all:D Unfortunately Peter and Bryony don't make an appearance as I wanted to focus on Bryony's friends and give them all a chapter of their own, but our two favorite elves will come out in the next chapter, I promise. Anywho, I hope you guys (and gals) enjoyed this chapter. Now I'm off to work on and update some of my other fics and if I'm not too tired after that, I just might have the next chapter for this fic up by tonight. :D[Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I do not own Arthur Christmas. That is all, thank you.:) Dream sequence: North Pole headquarters, Shelfley's room: Bryony age six. \" But mother, I don't want to wear a dress! It makes me look too girly!\" Bryony whined a six year old as she crossed her arms and pouted at the feminine clothing that her mother was holding up in front of her. Mrs. Shelfley frowned at her daughter, \"You are a girl Bryony.\" She retorted while staking a step towards her daughter. Bryony took a step back while shaking her head, \"But I don't see why I have to wear that. None of the other girls in the class is going to wear one.\" The tiny elf mumbled back and sighed in defeat as her mother began to change her. \" Bryony I don't think you'll be the only one wearing a dress.\" Mrs. Shelfley sighed, \"Now turn around so I can tie the bow in the back.\" She instructed. Her daughter turned and grumbled, \"I can't believe I'm going to school like this\" Mr. Shelfley shook his head, \"You look fine; now hold still so I can take a picture of you for the family photo album.\" He held up his camera for emphasis. Bryony's mother quickly pulled Bryony's mid-back, dark brown hair into a high pony tail before standing aside so her husband could snap the picture. \" Smile sweetie!\" Mr. Shelfley instructed. His daughter sighed again before giving a big fake smile. As soon as the camera flashed, she dropped her lips back into a frown. \"Alright, now let's get going, your classes will start soon!\" Mrs. Shelfley announced as she took her daughters hand and led her out the room. As the two elves walked down the hall, Bryony looked up at her mom, \"Mum?\" She questioned softly. Mrs. Shelfley looked down, \" Yes Bryony?\" \" Would you take me to get a haircut after school? I want to make my hair really short like the other working elves!\" Bryony gave her mother the puppy dog look. The older female stared down at her daughter in shock. She knew of which hair style her daughter was talking about. Many of the younger female working elves had started to cut their hair very short; it was a trend that was growing quickly much to Mrs. Enya Shelfley's displeasure. In her opinion, it made the women look like men and made it hard to tell the difference between the males and the females. After a moment of awkward silence in which Mrs. Shelfley realized that her daughter was still waiting for the answer, she shook her head, \"No absolutely not! You are not going to get that ridiculous hair style.\" Hearing the 'I've made my decision and that's that' tone in her mother's reply, Bryony decided it was best to drop the subject for now and looked forward as they continued to walk to her class room. Bryony's head shot up as she felt her HOHO vibrate in her pocket, indicating that she had a new text message. 'Flashback dreams, you've gotta love em.' Bryony mused as she read over the message that she had received from Sabrina. Hey Bryony! I hope ur enjoying ur Saturday, Carlos and I have some good news to tell U guys! :D Meet us in Lounge Room # 26 2day at 6:00 and we'll tell u about it. C U later. ;) Bryony looked at the time section on her phone; it read 5:30 P.M. \"I guess I'll be able to meet up with them after all.\" The wrapping elf thought as she stood up. After the meeting with her parents and eavesdropping on her mother and uncle, she had hoped to meet up with her friends only to remember that they had other plans for the day and wouldn't be available till later. In the meantime, she had spent most of the day with Arthur, just chatting. After a few hours of gossiping, Bryony announced that she was feeling a bit drowsy and bid Arthur good bye. Bryony soon found herself in the library where it was nice and quiet and allowed herself to dose off at one of the tables. Chuckling she left the library and started to make her way to the lounge. As she walked, her hand rose to her head and felt her Mohawk, making sure that it hadn't messed up while she was asleep. She sighed in relief when she felt that it was still neat and in place. Thinking of her hair, Bryony remembered back when she first got her now trademark hair style. Flashback: North Pole Headquarters, Shelfley's room: Bryony age 18. \" WHAT DID YOU DO TO YOUR HAIR?\" Mrs. Shelfley yelled in both shock and anger. Mr. Shelfley shook his head in disappointment at his teenaged daughter. Bryony gave a sheepish grin as she rubbed the back of her head and felt her now extremely short hair tickle her hand. \"Well…I figured that since I'm 18 already and I'm technically an adult, I thought that it's my choice that I could fix my hair like this.\" She replied while shrugging her shoulders. \" Brasil are you seeing what our daughters done?\" Mrs. Shelfley exclaimed as she stared at her husband and pointed at her daughter. Mr. Shelfley nodded, \"I see it alright. Bryony what were you thinking?\" The teen elf rolled her eyes, \"Well I told you that I wanted to do this for a while now and you two didn't let me.\" She paused and gave her parents another sheepish look and added, \"So of course I made the decision on my own.\" Her parents glared at her, \"I can't believe you did this without telling anyone!\" Her mother complained. Her father nodded, \"Yeah and did you have to die your 'Mohawk' blonde?\" He questioned. Bryony crossed her arms, \"I like it blonde and it's not like no one knew I was going to do it.\" Mrs. Shelfley furrowed her brows, \"Who else knew about your decision?\" A knock from the door sounded and Mr. Shelfley answered it, \"Elliot…what an unexpected surprise.\" He announced while said Scottish elf pushed past him and beamed at his niece, \"Bryony! Ye got the haircut ye wanted!\" He exclaimed as he approached the young female and examined her brand new style, \"It looks great!\" He added while the older Shelfleys just continued to glare. End Flashback Bryony gave a soft smile while shaking her head. That had been one of her most intense days involving her parents, the second was when she turned 21 and got her brow pierced; her mother literally fainted when she saw the piercing; and the third was when she was told who she was going to marry. 'I wonder how they would react if I told them I was going to get a tattoo?' She thought with a smirk. Knowing her parents, her mother would most likely faint and her dad would probably have a heart attack. The fainting would be a bit funny but the heart attack would be no laughing matter and even though Bryony wasn't really happy with her father, she would never want to purposely hurt him just for her amusement. Now if she were to tell Kevin that she was going to get a permanent marking on her body and he had a heart attack, well that would work out pretty well for Bryony. It would certainly postpone the wedding by a week or two. Realizing on what she was thinking about, Bryony shook her head dismissively, 'Now, now Bryony, it's not nice to think those kinds of thoughts about people, no matter how much they deserve it.' She scolded herself and continued walking. When she finally reached the assigned lounge room, it was already 5:45 p.m. Carlos and Sabrina was already sitting at one of the tables, talking to each other. Bryony casually strolled over to the table and sat in the chair next to Sabrina's. The blonde elf looked over at the newcomer and beamed, \"Hey Bryony! Oh I can't wait to tell you the good news!\" She squealed while clapping her hands together with excitement. Bryony smiled, \"Is everyone else coming?\" She questioned and Carlos nodded, \"Yeah, they should be getting here right about now.\" He looked up and smiled, \"And here comes Tardy and Deborah right now.\" The other two females turned and saw the two shyest members of the group walking towards the table. Tardy threw an empty bag of chips in a nearby trashcan before sitting at the round table, next to Deborah. Following close behind was Andrew and Norah who seemed to be chatting about some horror movie they had just watched and they too, took a seat at the table. The only ones missing were William and Kathy. Sabrina glanced at her watch and saw that it was now 5:55p.m. \"They helped wash the S-1 today, so they're probably taking a nap.\" She stated out loud. 'If they aren't able to make it on time, we'll just fill them in later.' She reasoned. \"Actually, we're here.\" The group turned to see William walk in with Kathy, who was leaning against him and covering her mouth in a yawn. Carlos smiled, \"Great, now we can tell you the big news.\" The seven other elves leaned forward in anticipation of what their two friends were going to say. Sabrina and Carlos let out big grins before Sabrina stated, \"Okay, you guys are never going to believe it but…I'm pregnant.\" She said this calmly and watched her friends' reactions. It took about ten seconds for everyone to react. When they did, the boys got up and gave Carlos the manly 'congratulations you're about to be a dad' pat on the back, while the girls gave a loud chorus squeal of joy before getting up and hugging the mother to be. The commotion coming from the ladies caused the other occupants in the room to turn and stare at the group. It just so happened that Peter was sitting at one of the nearby tables with his mother. The moment he saw just who were the ones making all the noise, he groaned and tuned while putting his face in his hands. Lydia took her eyes off the celebrating group and tilted her head at her son's reaction. \"Do you know them?\" She asked. Peter nodded, \"Yes, that's the group that I was telling you about. They're the ones that snuck out yesterday.\" His mother looked back to the group, \"Oh that's them? They don't look so bad…in fact; they look like a really nice bunch.\" \"Yeah a nice bunch of migraine starters.\" Peter grumbled back while his mother nudged him with her elbow. \"Oh be nice Peter, they can't be all that bad.\" Her son shook his head, \"They can, especially Bryony, and I know all about Bryony since I have to work with her sometimes.\" Peter rubbed his temples, \"Look mom, why don't we go hang out somewhere else? I really don't want to see Miss. Shelfley more than I have too.\" Mrs. Jones stared at her son in shock, \"Peter!\" She scolded softly. Peter just stood up and gently pulled his mother up and started to lead her towards the door. The last thing he needed was Bryony seeing him with his mother. 'I can just imagine all the 'mothers boy' jokes she'd come up with.' Peter thought with a shiver, he had already heard quite a few from other elves throughout the years, he didn't want to hear them from Bryony. Once they were at the door, Peter glanced back to see if Bryony had seem him before gently pushing his mother out and leaving the room himself. What Peter didn't know was that while he was trying to rush his mother, he had managed to catch Bryony's attention and she watched as he left the room with the older female that Bryony could only assume was his mother since he bore a bit of resemblance to her. Shaking her head, Bryony looked back at Sabrina, \"I'm so happy for you Sabrina!\" She exclaimed while giving her friend another hug. Sabrina hugged her back and giggled, \"Thanks! I still can't believe I'm going to be a mother!\" The other girls nodded in agreement and continued to congratulate her. Carlos was talking to the guys who were wishing him luck with his upcoming fatherhood. The two future parents thanked their friends before sitting back down and continued to chat throughout the evening. North Pole Headquarters: Just outside Tanya's room. 6:45p.m The door to Tanya's room cracked opened just enough to let the owner's head through. Tanya looked down both ends of the hall and saw that there were still lots of elves wondering around. Frowning, she pulled her head back in and closed the door. After securely locking it, she turned back towards her bed and smirked at the occupant. \"I'm guessing the coast isn't clear yet?\" he questioned while leaning on one arm. Tanya shook her head, \"Nope, there are still too many elves wondering around out there.\" She walked to the bed and straddled the male before adding, \"But I guess we can consider that a good thing,\" She was now lying flat on him, \"We can spend a little more time together and have a bit more 'fun'.\" Tanya placed a small kiss on the boy's lips. The male smirked up at her, \"You want more? But we've been at this all day.\" Tanya shrugged, \"Can you blame me? Peter's being stubborn and I'm practically starved. I need a pick me up before I get back to work on that little teachers pet.\" At this point, she rose a brow, \"And what about you? What would your girl say if she found out you had agreed to do this, or when she finds out that you were the one that came to me?\" The boy elf chuckled, \"Oh she won't find out if no one catches us. See that's the good thing about being a male, you can say that you're a virgin when you really aren't and a girl can't tell if you're lying.\" \"Oh you're such a naughty boy Kevin.\" Tanya giggled as the fiancé of Bryony rolled himself so that he was now on top of Tanya. 'Yes, as far as Bryony knows, I'm still 'pure'. I just have to make sure she never finds out.' Kevin thought as he prepared for his next 'pleasure round'. A/N: Ooooh Snap! Kevin's having an affair with Tanya! He's such a slim ball isn't he? Just wait till Bryony finds out, and she will find out;) Chapter 12 coming soon[Chapter 12] A/N: Sweet Zeus it feels soooo weird yet great to be working on this fic again! First and foremost, I would like to give my most humble apology for keeping y'all waiting for over two years for this chapter! :( I got so caught up with homework and projects and all sorts of things I had to do to finish college that I pretty much forgot about this fic! I truly feel horrible for leaving y'all with this cliff hanger, and I really hope that this chapter pleases you. Though be warned, it's been a while since I've worked on this, and I may be a little rusty, but give me a chapter or two and I'll have things flowing smoothly again. ;) Disclaimer: Arthur Christmas does NOT belong to me…it belongs to Aardman and Sony Pictures animations. The only things I own are the OC's. North Pole HQ: South Wing Gym and Training Room Monday 1:30 P.M Bryony panted as she jogged on the treadmill, beads of sweat rolling down her cheeks. To her right were Norah and Sabrina and on her left Deborah and Kathy, all of whom were exercising on their own machines. Sabrina turned to the Scottish elf, \"You should take it easy Bryony.\" She advised as she took in the wrapper's sweat soaked shirt. Norah peaked out from her end of the line, \"She's right. Keep running like that and you'll pass out from dehydration.\" The medical elf warned. Bryony reached to the machines pad and pressed a button, lowering the speed to a comfortable walking pace. She reached into the cup holder and pulled out her water bottle, taking a long swing from it. After taking a couple of gulps, she sighed in relief and paused the treadmill to catch her breath. Following her friends lead, Deborah paused her machine and took the opportunity to rest a while as well. Kathy smirked, \"Come on Debbie, you weren't going that fast. There's no need for a break.\" She teased. Deborah glared at her, \"I work in mission control…I'm not a field elf. I'm not used to such intense workouts!\" \"You were jogging as fast as Sabrina.\" Kathy retorted. \"Which isn't very fast…basically a light jog.\" Norah stated with a shrug. \"And that's cause she's pregnant-\" \" Alright I get it! I'm just not very athletic.\" Deborah snapped while the rest of the girls laughed good heartedly. Bryony wiped her face as the rest of her friends ceased their workouts. \"Oh, we're just playin' with ya.\" She reasoned, flashing her friend a playful grin. Deborah rolled her eyes, though she smiled as well, \"Yeah I know.\" Deciding that now would be a time to call it a day, Bryony stepped off the treadmill and looked over her friends. \"Are any of you free for the rest of the day?\" The girls all shared a look before nodding, \"I got up early to do some work on my computer, so I've got nothing going on.\" Deborah stated proudly while adjusting her glasses. The other girls quickly joined in, \"I don't either!\" \"Me neither!\" Norah glanced at her watch, \"I've got work, but I'm doing the night shift and not due till nine, so I'm free till then.\" She tilted her head in question, \"What do you have planned?\" Bryony shrugged as she led the small group to the ladies dressing room, \"Well, Arthur was going down to visit the toy making elves and invited me to join him. Then it got me wondering if any of you wanted to join us.\" The girls perked up in curiosity. \"You know…I don't think I've ever really met any toy making elves.\" Kathy mused out loud, \"I think this would be a great time to go check them out and maybe make some new friends.\" \"That sounds fun!\" Sabrina agreed, clapping her hands in excitement. Deborah and Norah nodded in agreement. Bryony smiled, \"Great! Then we'll head over to Arthur's office once we're all done freshening up.\" She announced. North Pole HQ: Arthur's Mail Office. 2:45 P.M Bryony knocked on the brightly decorated door that was Arthur's mail room. She and the other four elves only had to wait for a second or two before the door swung open and they were greeted by a cheerful Arthur. \"Hello there Bryony! Aaaannnnd…\" the young Santa rubbed his chin in thought as he looked over the other elves before snapping his fingers, \"Norah, Sabrina, Deborah and Kathy!\" he added while pointing at each elf as he said their names. All except Bryony gave the tall, lanky, young man a salute, to which he waved his hand dismissively, \"Oh you all don't have to do that!\" he assured kindly before adding, \"Well…at least not to me…Steve still requires everyone to follow military protocol.\" He shook his head and then motioned the group into the room. \"We'll head over to the factory in just a moment. I just need to edit the list of children's orders. I got a few more letters this morning and I got a bit busy sending out the replies and well…it made a bit of a set back- not that I'm complaining or anything!\" Arthur rambled as he shuffled through several children's letters and wish lists. Bryony looked over her friend and tilted her head. \"No wool sweater today?\" she asked innocently. Arthur paused and looked down at himself. Instead of wearing one of his usual colorful sweaters he almost always wore, he had decided to go with a simple white t-shirt and a red, long-sleeved button up shirt over it. For bottoms, he went with loose blue jeans and for footwear he decided that it would be best to wear his white and red sneakers. \"It gets a little warm inside the toy factory and wearing a wool sweater only makes things worse.\" Arthur replied with a shrug. With that, he turned back and proceeded to type out something on his small computer. While he worked, Bryony took the moment to glance around his crowded and messy mail office. As the new Santa, he had a better work place that was much bigger and more organized, but Arthur insisted that he work in his old office…at least while he responded to children's letters. Apparently it had a more tranquil and 'homey' atmosphere that allowed him to relax and focus on his work. Bryony figured it had more to do with the fact that he was used to this tiny room and wasn't too comfortable in moving into a different one. Not that she blamed him of course, especially since he had spent the last several years in here away from everyone else. \"Alright! We're set to go!\" Arthur announced, standing from his chair and picking up a stack of papers from a nearby printer. He opened the door, motioning for the female elves to leave first. \"Ladies first.\" They followed him down many corridors that led further and further away from the modern elf dorms and work rooms, to a more…rundown looking area of the underground headquarters that housed the thousands of elves as well as the Claus family. Though they were still underground, the halls and various doors located on either side were made out of wood, serving as a layer between an occupant and the freezing ice that lay on the other side of the large planks. This was the oldest part of the North Pole HQ and was the area where the original Claus family and the elves used to live and work. Well…it's still the area where some of the elves live. In fact, many of the offices were still in use and the reindeer holding pens were located in this section as well. Deborah observed her surroundings as they moved. The halls didn't look that bad. Sure the walls looked a dinged up, but the rooms and offices seemed safely useable. However, that was what bothered the technician. The halls and rooms could pass safety inspections, though just barley. This zone wasn't as privileged or luxurious as the areas that she and her friends lived and worked. This section of the HQ was just…livable…as if no one cared about the conditions the elves that lived here had to endure. 'I wonder if any residents in the area have filed a complaint for better home and office maintenance?' she wondered. If no one had, of they had been over looked for more 'important' matters, perhaps she herself could send a request in to Steve. She was pretty high up in the ranks and worked in mission control. It wouldn't be that hard to have a word with him. If only to have someone come and at least replace the wooden walls that were splintering and chipping with old paint. Finally, after much walking and small talk, the group arrived at a pair of large wooden doors where Arthur paused. The elves looked up at the bright red words painted across the gigantic slabs. TOY FACTORY USE CAUTION WHEN ENTERING! Below the writing, hanging on a small nail, was a sign that read ELVES AT WORK. The five elves weren't even sure whether the sign was necessary as the noise coming from the room was proof enough that everyone inside was hard at work. \"Since none of you have been here, I'll give you a heads up.\" Arthur announced while smiling down at the technically advantaged, military styled elves, \"These guys um…don't exactly follow the strict protocol that Steve has set up for most of the North Pole.\" He started while rubbing the back of his head. Bryony raised a brow, \"What do you mean?\" \"Well…they're a bit…eccentric…some are a bit on the hyper side and most are pretty much laid back.\" He jerked a thumb in the doors direction, \"To put in simply, these are the elves that didn't make it or couldn't fit in with any of the other ranks that Steve has set up.\" \"So…in other words, these are the…rejects?\" Deborah flinched. She hated that she had come up with that word, but that was the first one that came to mind when Arthur described these mysterious elves. Arthur shrugged, \"Technically speaking, yes. They are.\" His smile returned, \"But they're loads of fun and most of them are some of my closest friends!\" he exclaimed happily while putting his hands on the doors, \"I'll show you!\" With that, he pulled the doors open and ushered his friends inside. The moment the sextet entered the enormous room, nearly all working sounds stopped and many of the elves looked up to observe the new occupants. The working elves seemed as surprised to see the five elves as they were to see them. Bryony's mouth was open in a small 'O' of awe. These elves did not look like the elves she was used to seeing. Sure they had the same large head, thin bodies and the trademark long, pointed ears, but what set them apart from her and every other elf she had come across was the fact that none of them wore the required work clothes that other elves wore on week days. In fact, there didn't seem to be any sort of uniform amongst the workers. Upon further inspection, Bryony found that many of them were wearing a variation of shirts, vests, sweaters with the sleeves rolled up for easier work, pants (some torn at the knees), boots, and so on. Some of the boys wore some form of caps (some on backwards) or bandanas while others that wore nothing bore a full head of hair. A change to what Bryony and the other girls were used to seeing on males. The females however, hand longer hair on which many of them had tied back in a pony tail, a braid, a bun or simply held back with a headband or a bandana. If Bryony could describe them in one word, it would be; teenagers. They looked like a bunch of teenagers, though she knew that not all of them were so young as some looked around the age of her parents. She shared a look with her friends before the stunned silence was broken. \"Chief!\" The females jumped at the shout and blinked when the toy makers all smiled up at Arthur. \"Hello all! How is everyone doing?\" he greeted, moving down the aisle towards the male elf that had called out to him. Bryony and her friends quickly followed after him. The new Santa stopped in front of a male elf that had risen from his seat and had was now grinning up at Arthur with his hands on his hips. \"New Santa is in the building!\" One elf cheered, causing many of the others to cheer along playfully. \"It's good to see you haven't forgotten about the little people, boss!\" Another said in a somewhat joking manner. A female elf near Arthur nodded, \"Yeah, we were almost certain you would get caught up with so much work you wouldn't come by for visits anymore.\" Arthur gasped and shook his head, \"What? No! I can never be too busy for you guys! You all are some of my closest friends, and you accepted me back when no one else did.\" Bryony and her friends shared a guilty look. As much as they would now hate to admit it, before the whole 'missed child' fiasco, they, like many other elves, thought that Arthur was a bit of a nuisance to have around the North Pole, and thought he would be better off in the South Pole. Now things had changed and he was regarded as a Christmas hero and was happily accepted as the new Santa, but Bryony couldn't help but feel like a complete scumbag, and standing here, she felt that most of the other elves she knew and worked with, should feel the same. Everyone liked Arthur for what he did. Had he not done so, he would have still been rejected and treated poorly. However, here he seemed to have been accepted by these lower, not even ranking elves, and judging by their interactions, Arthur had been quite popular with them since before he became Santa! She would have thought more on this when Arthur spoke up again, \"Why would you all think I wouldn't be coming back?\" One elf looked up from the model car he was building, \"Well…we rarely see any of your family. I mean sure your mum has come down for a visit, but that's every so often-\" \"We saw you dad even less until he stopped showing up all together.\" A female elf added from the doll section. Most everyone in the room nodded in agreement. \"You know, we've never even met your brother in person? Not once has he dropped by for a visit.\" An older male stated with a frown. \"I don't even think Grandsanta knows any of us,\" an elf seated near Arthur motioned to himself and the other elves, \"even exist.\" He said dryly. Bryony blinked. She had never heard anyone complain so outright about the Claus family, especially when one of the family members was standing in the room with them! Arthur however, just shrugged. \"I know they've been a bit…neglectful…but I promise I wouldn't do that to you all…and I would also like to apologize on my families' behalf.\" The original elf that had approached Arthur held his hands up, \"Yeah lets calm down everyone! This is Arthur we're talking about. I think we all know he's got our backs and we all got his, right?\" At this the other elves nodded, their smiles reappearing as they all went back to work, many of them continuing their conversations they had been having before Arthur had arrived. The elf that seemed to serve as the spokesman looked back up at Arthur, \"So what brings you to our humble…noisy…crowded…smelly and a little too much on the warm side, workshop?\" Though he said this with a small grimace, he finished off his sentence with a warm smile. Arthur chuckled and rolled up his sleeves, prompting the female elves to do the same. 'He was right…it is rather warm in here.' Bryony thought in discomfort. She could already feel the sweat forming on her brow. \"Well first and foremost,\" Arthur started, \"I came by to see how everyone was doing since I know it's been a while since my last visit and ,\" he held out the stack of papers he had recently printed out, \"I've brought you some more orders from this upcoming Christmas.\" \"Ah, excellent. I'll have Jake sort these out and we'll get started on them ASAP.\" The elf handed the stack to another worker, who took off towards a back room. He turned back to the human and the five elves he had brought along. \"And who are these young ladies?\" he wondered. Arthur stepped to the side so that his old friend could get a better look at his newer ones, \"This is Bryony, Norah, Sabrina, Deborah and Kathy. They're some of my new friends that I work with. Bryony is the wrapper elf that went with me to deliver Gwen's present.\" He motioned to the male elf, \"Everyone, this is Thomas. He's, as you can see, a toy maker and specializes in cycles. Specifically, bicycles.\" Arthur chuckled, \"In fact, he's actually the one that built Gwen's bike.\" \"Wow…small world.\" Sabrina mused. Thomas nodded, \"Very small world. Now Miss Bryony,\" he turned to said elf, \"correct me if I'm wrong, but is your last name by any chance… Shelfley ?\" Had she not gained the popularity she now had, Bryony would have been surprised that this random elf that she had never met knew her name. So she shrugged it off and nodded instead. \"Yes sir it is.\" To her surprise, Thomas gave a hearty laugh, \"So you're the famous Bryony that Peter was telling me about!\" The wrapping elf looked back at her friends in confusion, though she was met with equally baffled looks. \"Surly you know Peter…he's the assistant elf to Steve Claus…ring any bells?\" Thomas hinted. Bryony's eyes widened, \"You…spoke to Peter…?\" Never in a million years would Bryony have guessed that Peter would actually talk to one of these elves. He always acted so high and mighty she couldn't imagine a reason why he would come all the way over here just to talk to an elf about her. Thomas grinned, \"Of course! He stops by my dorm every week or so to visit.\" Kathy furrowed her brow in thought, \"Wow, that's so…uncharacteristically nice of him. Are you a friend of his?\" \"I'm his cousin.\" The five elves raised their brows in shock. \"I forgot to mention, his name's Thomas Jones and that he's Peter's older cousin.\" Came Arthur's impute. Ignoring the young Santa, Bryony shook her head, \"I didn't know he had a cousin.\" \"He's not the type to talk about family to other elves.\" Thomas replied nonchalantly. 'Apparently not.' Bryony thought, though the more she looked over Thomas, the more she could see some of Peter's traits in him. He had the same dark brown hair, styled differently of course, and his nose and ears were the same shape as Peter's. The only difference was that Thomas had dark grey eyes and light freckles across his nose and cheek bones. His attitude and personality were also much better than Peter's. \"So…what has Peter been saying about me?\" Bryony asked uncertainly. Thomas shrugged casually, \"Oh nothing much. He just goes on about how much you enjoy wrapping, how you 'annoy' him, how he wishes he didn't have to deal with you. The usual things that guys say when they have a secret liking for someone.\" He winked at Bryony, who blushed. \"The complaining I can believe, but the secret admiring is surely a misinterpretation.\" She argued. \"That's how it starts.\" Thomas smirked, making Bryony's blush deepen even further. Arthur decided that now would be a good time to intervene, \"Oh come on Thomas, don't give her a hard time.\" He said playfully. Thomas put his hands up in surrender, \"Alright, I apologize for any discomfort Miss. Shelfley.\" He apologized with full sincerity. \"It's fine.\" Bryony assured with a small smile, though inside, her mind was racing at when Thomas had told her. Peter didn't have a crush on her…did he? \"I think we should be getting back to our own work now Thomas, but I'll stop by tomorrow so we can catch up some more.\" Arthur announced. The worker elves all voiced their good-byes before going back to work. As Arthur and the five females made to leave the room, Thomas called out again, \"And don't be strangers ladies! You're welcome here if you ever need a break from all that military façade!\" \"Well do! Thank You!\" Norah replied just before the doors shut again. With that, the sextet turned and made their way back to Arthur's office. \"Well, that was fun…and different.\" Deborah stated as they walked. Arthur laughed, \"They're different from what you all are used too, but they're some of the nicest elves in the North Pole.\" Bryony opened her mouth to reply, when a familiar figure caught her attention. \"Peter?\" The group paused as they noticed the assistant elf coming down the hall. Peter stopped and looked the group over. \"What are you all doing here?\" \"They joined me on my trip to drop off some orders at the toy factory.\" Arthur explained. Peter nodded and moved past them as they all continued on their way. \"We met your cousin,\" Bryony said just as Peter passed her. He froze, \"he seems nice.\" Peter looked her in the eye, and seeing that she was telling the truth, he swiftly turned back and made a run to the toy factory. \"Well that was odd.\" Deborah thought out loud before everyone resumed their journey back. North Pole HQ Toy Factory Peter panted as he pushed the doors open and ran into the toy factory. Several elves stopped and turned to see who had burst in. Seeing the familiar elf, they all turned back and resumed their work, while Peter made a beeline towards his cousin. \"Thomas?! I can I speak to you…in private ?!\" he panted, glaring at his relative. Thomas nodded and stood up from his seat before leading Peter to one of the back rooms. Once alone, Peter rounded on him, \"You spoke to Bryony?\" \"A bit yes. And before you get upset, I'll remind you that I'm happily married with four elflings, so you don't have to worry about me making a move on your crush.\" Thomas crossed his arms and smirked down at his younger cousin. Peter scowled, \"I don't have a crush on her, and just so you know, she has a fiancé.\" Thomas gave a sympathetic look, \"Oh I'm sorry to hear that.\" \"Shut up…\" Peter pinched the bridge of his nose, \"did she say anything about me?\" \"Only that she and her friends didn't know that you had a cousin. Other than that, she didn't say anything.\" Thomas replied. Peter nodded in satisfaction, \"Good.\" \"Is there any other reason why you dropped by for a visit?\" the toy maker asked in a bored tone. Peter nodded. \"Is it that Tanya girl again?\" Peter nodded again and added, \"And I also need some help on getting Tanya off my back. I need some ideas to make her loose interest in me.\" Thomas glanced at his watch, \"I guess I can spare a few moments of brainstorming.\" He said while setting up a chair for him and his cousin to sit on. End Chapter 12 Chapter 13 coming soon! A/N: And there is the long awaited chapter 12. I really hope this came out okay…it's been a while since I've worked on this story and I'm a little rusty. I also hope that the introduction of the toy making elves and Thomas didn't seem too random. Thomas will play a good part in this story…nothing too extreme, but I assure y'all he's here for a reason. :) I'm actually planning on doodling some of these toy making elves and posting the pics on Deviantart so y'all can get a better picture of them. Once again, I apologize for the, what was it? Two year delay? Like I said, college and life got a hold on me and I got busy with other projects. Now that I've graduated, updates should be coming in more frequently. :) ","Summary":" A/N: Well, I decided to help contribute to the extremely small fandom of Arthur Christmas. However,"},{"Movie":"Crazy, Stupid, Love.","Title":"Question","Author":"JC HOYT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9375179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I dont own Crazy Stupid Love. Jacob and Hannah had been together almost a year, they lived together and things were so happy and in love. Things were going really well. Cal had come around around and he and Jacob were friends again, their friendship had changed from party guys picking up women to a mutual respect between a girlfriend's father and the man the daughter was head over heels in love with. Cal and Emily were back together and happier than ever, after realizing how much they'd nearly lost. Jacob had called Cal and asked him to get a drink with him at the bar neither of them had set foot in since the two red head loves of their lives had come into and back into their lives. Cal walked in and found Jacob sitting at his old spot, sipping on an old fashioned. Cal smiled at the familiar sight. \"I feel like Ive stepped into a time machine\" Cal joked as he sat down next to him. Jacob smiled back at him \"Yeah it's been a long time\" Jacob said looking around. \"Hard to believe this used to be my life\" \"We're not here for you to tell me you're going back to this life are you? Because I will kill you, I was never joking about that\" Cal said staring at him seriously. Jacob looked at him and Cal burst out laughing. \"I'm just messing with you\" \"What you said...about going back to this life\" Jacob said gesturing around at the bar crowd \"couldnt be further from what I want\" \"I know\" Cal said reassuring him that he believed him. Jacob reached into his pocket and set a tiny blue velvet box on the bar in front of Cal. \"Wow\" Cal said. \"Is that what I think it is?\" he asked looking at Jacob. Jacob nodded \"You know I love your daughter. I love her so much\" he said honestly. \"I want to spend the rest of my life with her and I wanted to know if I could have your blessing to ask her to marry me\" Jacob said taking a deep breath, bracing himself for possible rejection. He knew Cal might think it was too soon, that he hadnt proven himself worthy or that he could never be good enough to marry Hannah. Cal stared at him \"Youre nervous\" he grinned, enjoying this. \"Yeah, like having trouble breathing nervous\" Jacob admitted. Cal laughed, clearly amused. \"I could use a little support here Cal\" Jacob said unamused. \"I'm sorry, it's just surprising to see the always cool Jacob a total mess\" \"Thank you, thats very sweet of you\" Jacob said saracstically. Cal opened the box and stared at the beautiful ring, it was princess cut with diamonds all around the band. \"It's beautiful, Hannah's going to love it\" he told him. Jacob stared at him \"Does this mean I can ask her?\" Jacob asked nervously. Cal stared at him seriously before answering. \"Congratulations...son\" Cal said reaching his hand out to him. Jacob shook his hand \"God that was weird\" Cal said \"Big time\" Jacob agreed laughing. \"Maybe we'll skip the whole dad thing\" Cal said. \"I think thats best\" Jacob agreed. \"Would you show Emily the ring? She's going to go crazy when she finds out about this\" Cal asked. \"You can take it and show her as long as you keep it quiet and also bring it back to me. I dont want to hear any concocted stories about it getting lost or stolen to keep me from proposing to your daughter\" Jacob teased. \"Hey come on now I've been on your side Almost from the start\" he said emphasizing almost since he was totally against them as a couple at first. \"I'm glad you gave me a chance\" Jacob said. \"Yeah yeah we're getting way too sappy here, let's have those drinks and celebrate\" Cal said as he patted him on the shoulder affectionately. \"And dont be nervous, youve got this\" he assured him. Cal went home and found Emily in bed reading. \"Hey hon, did you and Jacob have fun?\" she asked smiling. \"Yeah we did, and Ive got a big surprise for you\" he said. \"Oooh what?\" she asked sitting up curiously. \"First you have to promise you wont tell anyone\" \"I promise, tell me!\" she said dying of curiousity. \"Jacob asked me for permission to propose to Hannah\" he told her. She jumped up and squealed \"Oh my god\" she threw her arms around him knocking him over on the bed. \"Easy honey, its Hannah getting engaged not you\" he laughed. \"I'm so excited for her, oh my god I dont think she has a clue it's coming\" she said excitedly. \"Yeah I didnt either when he told me, but there it is\" he said taking the ring out of his pocket. Emily practically snatched it out of his hand. \"It's so beautiful\" she stared at it in awe. \"When's he going to do it? How's he going to do it?\" she asked, her mind going a mile a minute. \"I dont know anything else, remember honey you have to keep it a secret, dont let Hannah know anything\" \"God I hope it's soon, I'm going to be ready to burst with excitement until she tells me its happened\"[Chapter 2] Jacob came home and greeted Hannah with a kiss. \"I've been thinking we should take a vacation\" he said. \"Yeah that'd be nice I havent been on a vacation in years with law school and all\" she said excitedly. \"You've been at your job a while now I think you should ask for some time off\" he said. \"I will, when do you think?\" \"Whenever you can go I'm ready\" he grinned at her. \"Where should we go?\" she asked, excited to plan their trip. \"Somewhere tropical where you can wear a skimpy bikini at all times\" he said grinning at her playfully. \"Mmm hmm I thought the idea was to have a vacation not stay in the room all day\" she teased him. \"Having you all to myself in paradise is my dream vacation\" he told her. \"Mine too\" she said climbing onto his lap and kissing him. \"Besides I'll enjoy all the girls lusting after your shirtless body, knowing its all mine\" she said grinning. He laughed \"Yeah well the guys will be the same way with you\" \"Not as much as the girls, we already cant go anywhere without girls falling all over you, add in some skin and Im going to have to beat them off with a stick\" she teased him playfully. \"I'm all yours, I havent even noticed any other women since you kissed me that night in the bar\" \"I dont believe that\" she smirked \"But thank you baby that was sweet\" she said kissing him lovingly. They decided on Riveria Maya, Mexico for its white sand and clear blue water as the perfect vacation spot. Hannah was able to get time off a few weeks later. Jacob and Hannah arrived in Mexico and had a great time just relaxing on the beach and by the pool sipping margaritas and dacquiris and making love. Jacob planned to propose on their third day there, so that she was totally relaxed having already enjoyed several days there and having several days left to spend there to celebrate hopefully. Jacob suggested they take a walk at sunset before dinner. They walked hand in hand. \"You look beautiful\" he told her, admiring her in a pink sundress. She smiled lovingly \"Thank you, youre not so bad yourself\" They got out to the beach and watched the sunset. Jacob had his arm around her, she had her arm around his waist and turned to face him and wrap her arms around him. \"This is amazing, what a great idea to go on vacation. I'm so glad I thought of it\" she smiled up at him, teasingly. She had turned so that she was now facing the hotel grounds and noticed people standing on the walkway leading to the beach. She stared in that direction, confused. \"Is that my family? What...?\" she asked. Jacob took a step back. She stared at him, his face serious. What was happening suddenly dawned on her. \"Oh my God, I think I just got it. Jacob?\" she asked nervously. He smiled at her, that sweet little smile that made her melt, as he knelt down on one knee on the sand in front of her. \"Oh god, Oh god\" she repeated, her hands flying up to her mouth, covering it. \"Hannah\" he started \"What are you doing?\" she asked anxiously \"Hannah, I love you so much. You are my life and I want to spend every day with you. Will you marry me?\" he asked presenting the ring. By now she was crying, she nodded yes, temporarily unable to get the words out. \"Yes\" she nodded happily. He grinned and stood up, taking her left hand and sliding the ring on her finger. They both looked at it smiling happily. She grabbed the back of his neck and pulled him down to her to kiss him passionately, just like she had the first time. He wrapped his arms around her back and held her close. \"I love you\" he whispered softly when they broke the kiss. \"I love you\" she whispered back, as he wiped away her happy tears. Jacob turned and nodded to her family to come join them, they ran over and Emily, Hannah and Molly gushed over the ring, jumping up and down and squealing excitedly like girls do. Robbby offered Jacob a congratulatory fist bump. Cal shook his hand. \"Jacob, congratulations\" he said then pulled him in for a guy hug which consisted of a pat on the back. Jacob had set up a private dinner at one of the resort restaurants for them to celebrate. Jacob had his arm around Hannah and she was cuddled up to him, her hand resting lovingly on his thigh. Cal proposed a toast. \"When I met Jacob, I could never have imagined one day we'd be here\" he chuckled. \"But I'm glad we are, I've never seen my baby so happy and I know you'll do everything you can to make her happy...under threat of death\" he added. Everyone laughed. \"To Jacob and Hannah\" he said, raising his glass. Hannah looked up at him smiling happily, he smiled back leaning down to kiss her tenderly.[Chapter 3] Jacob and Hannah had returned from vacation and were at home together when there was a knock at the door. Jacob was in the shower so Hannah answered the door. Hannah opened the door to find a woman she didn't know standing there. \"Well you must be Hannah I presume\" the woman said. Hannah looked at her confused, \"Yeah. I'm sorry how do you know my name?\" \"Is Jacob home? The woman asked, ignoring her question. Just then Jacob arrived at the door, having heard the doorbell. The woman looked past Hannah to Jacob, so Hannah turned to look at him as well. \"What are you doing here?\" he asked, seeming annoyed. \"I hear Congratulations are in order\" she said flatly. \"Well that wasn't exactly congratulations but yeah they are\" he said walking up to Hannah and putting his arm around her waist protectively. \"I cannot believe you Jacob, I had to learn about this in the newspaper. You didn't even bother to call your mother and tell her you're getting married\" she said sternly. \"You've never cared about my life mother\" Jacob responded angrily. \"Mother?\" Hannah asked looking between them disbelievingly. She knew Jacob didn't have a warm and fuzzy relationship with his mother but she couldn't believe how bad it really was. She stared at Hannah, scrutinizing her.\"I hope you're planning to have a prenup, I know this girl's financial situation Jacob you need to protect yourself\" \"My financial situation? I'm a lawyer, I have student loans, not a coke habit\" Hannah said defensively. \"Mother this is none of your business\" Jacob said angrily. \"I'll sign whatever you want, I'm not after Jacob's money\" Hannah said, feeling insulted. \"Good\" his mother said. \"I can have the lawyers draw up the paperwork Jacob\" \"Hannah's not signing anything, we're getting married and staying that way we don't need a prenup\" Jacob practically yelled at her. \"Its okay Jacob, I'll do it if she needs proof that I'm not in this for the money\" Hannah said hoping to placate the situation. \"Its not okay with me\" he told her calmly. His mother rolled her eyes \"Will I even be invited to this wedding?\" If you have children will I be allowed to see them?\" his mother asked. \"We've only been engaged for like a week\" Hannah explained, feeling pressured. \"I'd like you to leave now\" Jacob said suddenly and sternly. \"Excuse me?\" his mother said incredulously. \"There's no excuse for you. You show up at my house unannounced and are rude to my fiancee in our house. I wont allow that. Get out of my house\" he ordered. She glared at him then turned to go. \"Nice to meet you\" Hannah called after her, feeling awkward, not having actually been introduced to her fiance's mother. Jacob shut the door. She turned to look at him and could tell that he was angry. He paced around the room. \"Wow, I thought when you met my family and got into a fight with my dad, his friend and my mother's lover on top of my dad forbidding me to see you, had to be the worst possible introduction to someones parents but I think this may have just blown that right out of the water\" she said jokingly, hoping to ease the tension. \"I'm sorry about this\" he said softly, feeling ashamed of his mother's terrible behavior. \"I particularly enjoyed the way you said mother, like there was going to be another word following it\" she grinned playfully, wrapping her arms around his waist, pulling him into a hug. \"My mom sucks\" he said solemnly, placing a kiss on the top of her head as she held him close. \"She really does\" she agreed emphatically. \"How'd you turn out so great?\" she asked, smiling up at him lovingly. \"Are you sure you want to marry into this?\" he asked sadly. \"You and me\" she assured him as she caressed his check. \"Your dad was right, you are too good for me\" he half grinned. \"No way, and you're mom is the one missing out, not you. Plus my parents love you, they'd probably trade me for you given the chance so you've got them now\" she told him. \"Im a lucky man\" he grinned at her. \"Yeah you are, now how would you like to get lucky, huh?\" she said wagging her eyebrows playfully trying to seduce him. Jacob picked her up swiftly and threw her over his shoulder playfully carrying her to the bedroom while she laughed hysterically at his antics.[Chapter 4] Hannah had trouble sleeping that night. She laid on her side and watched Jacob sleeping peacefully. God she loved this guy. She smiled happily. She thought about the horrible meeting with his mom. She knew even though he acted tough about it, it hurt him not to have a good relationship with his mom since she was the only family he had. He had told her several times that his dad would have loved her. She wished she had gotten to meet him, she thought he was probably a lot like Jacob. She decided she would go and see his mom but not tell him just yet. The next day Hannah went to Jacob's moms house. The place was massive, she didn't know exactly how much money they had, but clearly it was a lot. She buzzed the intercom at the gate. \"Yes?\" came a sharp reply. \"Uh my name is Hannah Weaver, I was hoping to see Mrs. Palmer\" she stammered. \"Are you expected?\" \"Um no not exactly\" she said then added \"I'm her son's fiancee though\" hoping this would get her in. \"Wait there\" the voice said. A few minutes went by while Hannah paced nervously. She fully expected to be sent away and that would be that. She was caught by surprise when the gate opened. She looked at the intercom expecting a response but none came. She walked through the gate and up the long walk to the front door. A maid was waiting on the stoop. \"Mrs. Palmer will see you now\" she said. \"Thank you, oh wait, what is she like?\" she whispered to her. The maid looked at her, confused, not knowing if it was a trick. She led her through the house, Hannah took in the marble floors and grand staircase. There were floor to ceiling windows overlooking the ocean. She was led out to the terrace where Mrs. Palmer was sunning herself by the pool. \"Thanks you've been super helpful\" Hannah whispered sarcastically. She stared at Hannah as she approached. \"Thank you for seeing me, I'm sorry for the unannounced visit, I didn't know how to get in touch with you\" \"I take it Jacob does not know you're here\" she said. \"No\" Hannah admitted sheepishly. \"I see. Well what is it I can do for you dear?\" \"I just wanted to talk to you. I don't think our meeting went so well yesterday\" \"It never does with Jacob deary\" she said flatly. \"I don't know why you two have such a terrible relationship but I know he wishes it was different, he told me he was very close to his dad and you're the only family he has. He's very close with my family\" \"Then I don't see why he would need me\" she said coldly. \"Because you're his mom\" she said, shocked at her attitude. She shrugged in response. \"Wow you really are a special kind of bitch aren't you?\" Hannah said angrily, turning to go. \"Wait\" she called after her. Hannah turned back to her. \"I'm the first to admit that I don't really have that maternal gene, I probably shouldn't have had children\" she admitted. Hannah softened at this. \"Well I'm glad you did\" she said, thankful for Jacob's existence. \"Jacob and I have been this way since his dad died, I'm afraid its probably too late to fix it\" \"I don't think its ever too late to try. I would like you to be in our lives, if that's what you want that is\" His mom softened at this and smiled slightly at her. \"You're a sweet girl, I'm sorry I was rude to you before\" \"I would like that but I don't think you will be able to convince Jacob\" \"Leave it to me\" she said confidently. \"My mother, sister and I are going to go wedding dress shopping soon, is that something you'd be interested in doing by chance?\" Hannah asked hopefully. \"I think I'd like that very much\" she smiled warmly for the first time. Hannah wrote down her phone number and gave it to her. \"Thank you Mrs. Palmer, it means a lot to me that you're willing to make an effort\" \"Please call me Abby, and I should be thanking you for caring enough to try and do this, Jacob may be pretty upset about this. I hope this doesn't cause you any trouble\" \"He'll be okay\" Hannah grinned uncertainly. \"Oh and sorry for calling you a bitch\" she added, hurrying away, embarrassed. A few days later Jacob and Hannah were at her parents house for a barbecue. Emily had become obsessed with wedding planning. Hannah had gone inside the house to get something. \"Jacob, I'm looking forward to meeting your mother\" Emily told him. He looked at her blankly, thinking there must be some misunderstanding. \"Oh, well my mother and I aren't close Mrs. Weaver\" he told her, feeling uncomfortable with the topic, knowing how close knit their family is. \"Jacob, how many times do I have to tell you to call me Emily?\" she asked shaking her head. \"Sorry, Emily\" he smiled. \"Hannah told me Abby is joining us for dress shopping, is that not right?\" Emily asked him. Hannah came back out. Jacob was staring at her, confused. \"Honey, didn't you say Jacob's mom was coming shopping with us?\" she asked. \"Shit... yeah Jacob didn't really know about that mom\" Hannah sighed. Jacob shook his head \"I don't believe this\" he said getting up and going into the house. \"Uh oh\" Robbie said. \"Knock it off\" Cal told him, realizing Hannah had gotten herself in a pickle. Hannah was all heart, just like him and he knew her intentions were good. He just hoped Jacob could see that too. \"What's going on? You're talking to my mom? How...?\" Jacob asked, mind reeling. \"I went to see her, I'm sorry I hadn't told you yet. I was waiting to see how things went\" \"Why would you do that? Behind my back!\" he asked, sounding angrier than he had intended. She was taken aback by his reaction. He saw the face she had made the day her dad told her to get out of his house after she refused to end things with him. He never wanted to see that face. \"Fuck\" he sighed, realizing he'd hurt her feelings. \"I'm sorry\" he said running his hand through his hair. \"Maybe we should just talk later\" he said softly, realizing he was angry and not wanting to fight in front of her family. She stared at him, not knowing what to say. She was feeling hurt and wanting to make things better. They never fought. She started to speak but her dad came in. \"Hey Jacob, I could use your help on the grill\" he said sensing the tension. \"Yeah sure\" he said and went with him. Emily came in \"I'm so sorry honey, I didn't know he wasn't supposed to know\" she said putting her arm around her. \"Its not your fault\" she shook her head. \"I shouldn't have kept it from him, he's so mad, I really messed up\" she said, tears in her eyes. \"Sweetie, don't cry. It's going to be fine, that guy loves you so much he cant see straight\" she said comfortingly. Hannah laughed \"Thanks mom\" she said hugging her, once again thankful for their close relationship. \"She was wrong\" Cal said, standing with Jacob. Jacob took a big swig of his beer and nodded in agreement \"Yeah\" \"But she has a heart a gold and would never do anything to hurt you\" Cal told him. Jacob thought about this for a minute \"I know\" he nodded. Cal stared at him. \"I know you had a good dad but he cant be here so I'm going to give you some dad advice because you're going to be marrying my daughter, okay?\" Jacob nodded. \"Okay\" \"You're going to have fights, sometimes big ones. But when you really love someone it doesn't matter because you will always work it out. The trick is never to say anything in anger you will regret\" \"My dad wouldn't have known that\" Jacob snorted. \"My family wasn't like this, maybe I'm not cut out for this\" he sighed. \"You guys are this idyllic family, I don't know how to do that\" \"I think the circumstances under which we met prove we are not idyllic\" Cal chuckled. \"You love Hannah and she loves you, she's your family, you're already doing it\" Cal told him. \"Thanks Cal\" Jacob said and started to walk away to find Hannah. He turned back \"You know you are like a dad to me, despite how we met\" he smiled. \"Your kids are really lucky to have you\" he said. Cal smiled back appreciatively. He found Hannah in the kitchen, when Emily saw him coming she went outside. He walked up to Hannah, putting his hands on her face and kissed her lovingly. \"I love you so much\" he told her. \"I love you Jacob. I'm so sorry...\" she started to explain. \"Shhh doesn't matter\" he said kissing her again. She looked up at him \"I may have called your mother a bitch\" she admitted sheepishly. He laughed so hard he couldn't breathe, she laughed with him, always unable to resist his infectious laughter. \"Man I love you\" he said hugging her close.[Chapter 5] Jacob took Hannah to the wedding dress shop to meet her mom, molly and his mom. Molly ran over to the car excitedly and hugged both Hannah and Jacob. She jumped into Jacobs arms and he swung her around like she always insisted he do. \"Who is this brazen woman competing for your attention?\" Hannah teased. \"Hi honey! I'm so excited!\" Emily said giddily hugging Hannah. Jacob's mom noticed that they had arrived and walked over to greet them. \"Hi mom\" he greeted her. Still holding Molly in his arms. \"I'd like you to meet Emily Weaver, Hannah's mom he said indicating Emily. \"Emily this is my mother Abigail Palmer\" \"It's so nice to meet you, we just love Jacob\" Emily told her sincerely, beaming. Jacob smiled appreciatively. He loved the Weavers too, they were family to him now. \"I wish I could take credit for him. please call me Abby, its nice to meet you\" she said reaching her hand out to Emily to shake. Emily hugged her instead \"We're going to be family\" she told her. Abby was visibly caught off guard. Thank you for inviting me\" she said to Hannah. \"I'm glad you came\" Hannah smiled warmly. \"So am I\" Jacob told her, bringing a big smile to her face. Molly cleared her throat obnoxiously, indicating she would like to be properly introduced as well. Jacob grinned at her \"Where are my manners?\" he said exaggeratedly, setting her down. \"Mom, this is miss Molly Weaver, Hannah's little errr Hannah's sister\" he corrected himself noting the glare of disapproval Molly had given him at his use the word little. Molly curtsied \"How do you do?\" she said trying to sound fancy, having heard Jacob's mom was rich. \"My aren't you a polite young lady, it is a pleasure to meet you Molly\" Abby smiled, indulging her. Everyone laughed. \"Alright I'm gonna get going, you ladies have fun\" Jacob told them. He hugged Hannah close \"I love you\" \"Love you more\" she smiled affectionately kissing him goodbye. \"No way\" he grinned back at her, kissing her again. \"Bye mom\" he said kissing her on the cheek. \"Bye Jacob\" she smiled affectionately at her son. They went inside and met with the consultant. Hannah had told her she was looking for something simple and elegant and that her budget was $5,000 max but that she didn't really want to spend anywhere near that. Abby had a different idea and told the consultant that money was no object. Hannah didn't want to be rude especially since she was just getting to know Abby so she didn't speak up. She expected that her own down to earth mom would interject but as it turned out she and Abby became best buds over the wedding plans, which were quickly growing out of control. All the dresses Hannah liked her mom and Abby had agreed were pretty but not special enough. They continuously picked big and beaded couture gowns, none of which Hannah wanted. Even Molly had gotten caught up in the glamour, wanting something sparkly and princess like. Hannah felt defeated but was too nice and agreeable to say anything. They left without picking out a dress, Hannah had told the consultant that the wedding plans weren't set yet and she would return when they were to pick a dress that fit the date and venue. They went to lunch afterward and Emily and Abby continued making all the plans, deciding when and where the wedding would be and all other details of the wedding. They were so excited and everyone was getting along so well, Hannah couldnt bring herself to disagree with any of it. They made more plans to tour the venue and look into caterers before they parted. Abby had hugged her goodbye and thanked her once again for inviting her, telling her she'd had the best time. Emily took Hannah home and talked excitedly the whole way about the wedding plans. Hannah smiled and nodded her way through it. They said their goodbyes and Hannah walked into the house and immediately leaned back into the door sighing heavily. Jacob had heard the door and came to greet her. \"Hey baby how'd it go?\" he asked. \"Umm\" she started to answer, hesitant to tell him what a disaster the day was for her. \"Uh oh\" he frowned. \"Did my mom do something?\" \"She did everything!\" she said exasperated, throwing her hands in the air, letting it all out. \"Do you know when we are getting married?\" \"I didnt think we had decided that\" he said, his brow furrowed, briefly wondering if she had told him and he had forgotten. \"June 3rd\" she answered. \"June 3rd\" he repeated. \"You know who chose that? She asked Before he could answer she said \"not me, not you, they've taken over, it's all decided\" she ranted. \"My mom does have a tendancy to bulldoze\" he said knowingly. \"Oh its my mom too, she's lost her mind. I would have never thought she would be on board with all this stuff, this is going to cost a kajillion dollars!\" she said putting her hands on her head in frustration pacing around. \"Theyre talking about vineyards and swans and string quartets and all sorts of other nonsense that I have zero interest in\" \"Did you tell them how you feel?\" he asked. \"No, we were getting along and they were getting along and having so much fun I didnt want to mess it up\" she sighed dejectedly. \"Come on\" he said taking her hand and leading her to the couch to sit down. \"Breate\" he told her, kissing her head. She nodded and exhaled deeply. He poured her a glass of wine and handed it to her. \"Relax we'll straighten it out\" he said and sat down next to her where he began massaging her shoulders. He felt her tension ease immediately at his touch. \"I hadnt even asked you what kind of wedding you want\" she said. \"All I want is for you to show up and I'll be happy\" he said. She snuggled into him, taking his hands in hers starting to relax. \"Oh and no gold rings I hate gold, it's tacky\" he added. She laughed \"Deal\" \"What do you want?\" he asked. \"Something simple, not all this craziness. I just want to marry you\" \"You will, however and whenever we decide to do it\" he said kissing her cheek \"I love you so much Jacob Palmer\" she told him, turning slightly to look up at him. \"I love you Hannah Weaver, soon to be Palmer\" he said kissing her lovingly. \"Cant we just elope?\" she asked teasingly. \"I'm down. I dont think the parents would take that so well though\" \"I dont think I care\" she chuckled. He laughed with her. \"Dont worry I'll make sure you get what you want\" he told her. She smiled affectionately at him \"Aww youre the best, will you marry me?\" she teased. \"Sorry I'm already engaged\" he teased back.[Chapter 6] The next day Jacob woke up excitedly. Hannah was still asleep. He crept out of bed and went and made coffee and pancakes, her favorite, to surprise her in bed. He set the tray down on the bedside table and leaned in gently and brushed her hair back off of her face and kissed her cheek lightly. A slight smile crossed her face. She opened her eyes sleepily and found him grinning lovingly at her. She couldnt believe she was going to get to wake up to that sweet handsome face everyday for the rest of her life. \"Good morning beautiful, I made coffee and pancakes\" he said picking up the tray. She sat up \"You spoil me\" she smiled. \"I always will\" he smiled back sappily as he placed the tray in front of her. \"I think someone is hoping to get lucky after breakfast\" she teased. \"I like that idea\" he said wagging his eyebrows. He returned to his spot in the bed next to her with his coffee. \"So I had an idea about our wedding\" he said. \"Oh yeah?\" she asked excitedly, knowing most men dreaded wedding planning and had no input whatsoever. \"I think we should elope, well kind of\" he corrected. \"Really?\" she asked, totally surprised. \"Because I think you were right, our families would totally freak out if we did that\" \"That's why I said kind of, it wouldn't be a real elopement, more like a surprise wedding, but totally planned by us so its what we want but with our families there\" \"I like it\" she said nodding excitedly \"But I still think they'll be upset\" \"Well they'll get over it, this is a compromise and I think its fair, besides its supposed to be our day anyway, its about us\" \"Let's do it\" she said excitedly. \"Don't you want to finish your breakfast first?\" he teased playfully. She shook her head at him \"You're ridiculous\" \"Well you're marrying me so what does that say about you?\" he teased. \"Okay, so what do we do?\" she asked. \"We need to pick a place and date first then you and I will make all the plans then we'll lure them there telling them its some sort of wedding related event, rehearsal, spa weekend, something\" \"But it will really be our wedding\" she finished. He nodded. \"I love it. You my dear, are brilliant\" she said placing her tray back on the table and climbing onto his lap. \"I love you\" she said. \"Love you more\" he said kissing her then swiftly pulled her down onto the bed under him. She laughed heartily. They decided to have the wedding the last week of May since their moms had planned for the first week of June, that way it would be easy to trick them into thinking the getaway was part of the pre wedding festivities. Hannah enlisted Liz's help and swore her to secrecy, taking her with her to meet with her mom and Jacob's mom for their pretend wedding planning. Hannah implemented some of their choices for flowers and cake, whatever she could hopeful they wouldnt be as upset when the real wedding day came. Liz and Hannah picked out her dress, it was fitted with a sweet heart neckline and ruching. She looked amazing in it. My mom will like it right?\" Hannah asked, concerned. \"She's going to love it! You look gorgeous honey\" Liz reassured her. \"And Jacob is really going to love it\" she smirked. \"Don't be dirty, this is my wedding dress\" Hannah admonished playfully, smiling brightly knowing Jacob truly would love it. Hannah and Jacob went ring shopping, Hannah's engagement ring had come with a diamond band so there was only Jacob's to choose. He chose a dark grey flat titanium band. The sales person handed it to Hannah for him to try on and she slid it onto his left ring finger then looked up into his eyes. \"Wow, this really feels real now\" she smiled somewhat nervously. Jacob took the ring off and handed it back to the sales person nodding that they would take it. \"Getting cold feet?\" he asked, concerned. \"No, God No Jacob, it's just a lot, with planning and keeping secrets, I cant wait to marry you, I guess I'll just be relieved when it's out in the open. I just hope they can be happy about it\" she frowned. \"Everything will be perfect\" he assured her kissing her forehead, hoping he was right. She wrapped her arms around his waist. \"I love your ring, I cant wait till its on your finger permanently\" When they were down to three weeks before the wedding, they had a family dinner where they announced their plans to have a wedding rehearsal weekend at a beautiful resort hotel and spa. Everyone was super excited about the trip. The three weeks flew by and on Friday night they all met up at the hotel lobby. \"Let's take a look around\" Hannah said, all nerves. Jacob held her hand to calm her. They walked the grounds, taking in the beautiful surroundings. They came upon the japanese garden which was going to be the wedding site, it was being set up for a wedding. \"Look honey someone is getting married here, oh my gosh we should have checked out this place it is gorgeous\" Emily gushed. Hannah looked to Jacob and he nodded and smiled that bright smile that made her heart beat faster. \"About that, we have a surprise for you all\" Hannah started, excitedly They all looked at them expectantly. \"We didn't bring you here for a rehearsal, we brought you here for our wedding. We are getting married here tomorrow evening\" Jacob informed them. He felt Hannah tighten her grip on his hand, bracing for the potential onslaught of displeasure from their families. \"What? We planned your wedding for next week\" Abby said, blown away. \"I know and we appreciate everything you've done but this is what we want\" Jacob said sincerely. Emily just stood there in disbelief with her mouth hanging open. \"Are you mad?\" Hannah asked cringing, finally snapping her out of it. \"Oh honey no, of course not, its your day, it should be what you want. I'm sorry we didnt see that before\" she said hugging her, realizing she and Abby had gone overboard. \"Abby?\" she asked looking to Jacobs mom. Jacobs eyes met hers imploring her to agree for Hannah. She smiled back at him. \"It's going to be beautiful\" she agreed hugging her. Jacob smiled appreciatively, truly grateful. \"Oh thank god, I was freaking out that you guys would be mad and everything would be a mess\" Hannah exhaled deeply. Emily and Abby started barraging her with a million questions and Liz could see her getting overwhelmed. She stepped in between them and laced her arms with theirs \"In due time ladies, now let's get ready for dinner, and more importantly drinks\" she winked at Hannah and led everyone to their rooms. Hannah and Jacob stayed behind a moment looking at the ceremony site. \"Well cat's out of the bag\" he smiled. \"That it is\" she grinned. \"All that's left is to get married, you going to be here tomorrow?\" she teased. \"Well I'll just be hanging out with your dad and little brother tonight so I don't see much chance of me running away with a stripper, but I guess you'll just have to wait and see\" he teased back. ","Summary":" I dont own Crazy Stupid Love. Jacob and Hannah had been together almost a year, they lived together"},{"Movie":"Taken","Title":"Taken Once More","Author":"Lamminator","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4900179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello there! Glad you found this fict! I saw Taken twice (so far) and I really loved Liam Neeson in it...gah, his eyes are goregous! This fict came about after the second time I saw it; I was leaving the theater and immediately all these little plot bunnies started popping up. I'm almost half-way done writing the story, so I'm going to post whether anyone reads this or not. I want you to keep in mind that I wrote this in a movie-esque style...where you come into the characters' lives in progress and things get revealed as the story goes along. Okay, that's enough for now (if you've read my other ficts, you know I have another A/N at the bottom, so see you there!) ******************** Bryan Mills wandered around the small house that he shared with his girlfriend, Katherine Flannigan. It was a barbeque night with the boys and it was Bryan's turn to host. Unfortunately, there was no beer in the house, so Katherine offered to run out and get some since the guys would be arriving sooner than they thought. Just as Bryan was about to head out back to ready the grill, the doorbell rang. He went to the door and greeted his ex-CIA buddies. The four of them then headed out to the backyard to start barbequing and reminiscing. When the meat was almost halfway cooked, their conversation turned towards Bryan. \"So Bryan, you and Katherine have been together for a while now. Almost a year, right?\" Sam asked. \"More or less. Why?\" Bryan replied. Sam leaned forward in his chair with a straight face before grinning mischievously. \"You gonna ask her to marry you any time soon?\" Bryan laughed before answering. \"I might.\" The others laughed. \"Speaking of Katherine, where is that woman of yours?\" Casey asked. \"I'm right here.\" A female voice called from just inside the open back door. Katherine walked out on to the patio smiling and carrying a brown, paper bag. She set the bag on the round table. \"Hey guys. Sorry I wasn't here when you arrived. We didn't realize we were out of beer.\" She apologized, walking over to Bryan, who was standing by the grill, and stood on her toes to give him a kiss. Her man was at least a foot taller than she was. \"What kind of beer did you get this time?\" Casey asked Katherine. \"Guinness.\" She said, wrapping her arm around Bryan's waist and resting her head on his chest. Bryan put his arm around her shoulders. \"Thought you guys might like a change from that American crap.\" The three men sitting at the table froze in what they were doing, glanced at Katherine with wide eyes, then dug into the bag to take a bottle. \"I'm assuming it was a good choice.\" Katherine muttered. Bryan chuckled, then, squeezing her shoulders, kissed the top of her head. \"What took you so long?\" He asked her. \"Oh, just a bunch of frat boys trying to get a keg.\" She paused. \"Cute frat boys.\" She grinned knowing how he would react. Bryan pulled back slightly to look down at her. \"I'm kidding.\" She said, rubbing her hand up and down his back. \"They were way too young for me. I love older men.\" She patted his chest with her free hand and leaned up to kiss him again. \"Alright lovebirds, come on and join us in a beer.\" Bernie said, jokingly, and raising a beer in their direction. Katherine and Bryan released each other then went to the table to receive the bottles that Sam held out to them. \"To friends.\" Katherine toasted. The men replied and they all clinked bottles. Katherine took a seat at the table while Bryan went back to the grill. Conversations started up again. About five minutes later, Katherine's cell phone started to ring. Pulling the phone out of her pocket, she looked at the number, noticing it was her sister. \"Excuse me for a few minutes.\" She said, standing from her chair. \"Needy little sister on the line.\" She heard laughter behind her as she walked into the house and into the kitchen before answering. \"Hi, Stacey.\" She said into the phone. \" Hi, Katie-Bear .\" Stacey replied, cheerfully. \"I told you never to call me that.\" Katherine sighed. \" Now what kind of sibling would I be if I couldn't piss off my older sister every now and then?\" Katherine rolled her eyes. \"What do you want, Stace? We have company.\" \" Oh, sorry. Look, Trevor and I want the two of you for a visit next weekend.\" \"I don't know. I have a lot of work to get done.\" Katherine said, looking at the calendar on the refrigerator. \" It's just a weekend.\" Her sister pleaded. \" Please. I haven't seen you for at least two years. I want to meet this man of yours.\" Katherine snorted. \"Alright, but I'll have to talk to Bryan once our guests leave. I'll call you back later tonight. That's the best I can do right now.\" \" Okay. Fine. I'll talk to you later then.\" Stacey replied cheerfully. \" Bye, Katie-Bear.\" \"Bye, Pain in the Ass.\" Katherine said, then hung up and leaned against the sink. After several seconds, Katherine shoved her cell phone back in her pocket and returned to the patio. \"Everything alright?\" Bryan asked her as she sat back at the table. He was in the process of bringing a plate of barbeque over from the grill. \"Yeah, she just wanted to ask me something. We'll talk later.\" She grinned. Bryan nodded, then took his seat next to Katherine as everyone started to eat. Three hours later, Bryan and Katherine were cleaning up the backyard after seeing their guests to the door. Bryan was scrubbing the grill clean while Katherine was collecting the garbage in a large, black trash bag. \"Why did your sister call?\" Bryan finally asked, closing the lid to the grill. \"Oh, yeah. She wants us to go visit her next weekend. She claims it's because we haven't seen each other for two years, but really it's just her excuse to finally meet you.\" Katherine grinned. \"I see.\" He mumbled, sitting in a chair by the table. \"Do you want to go? I mean, are you able to drop your work and take off for two days?\" \"Me?\" She scoffed, tossing the bag of garbage into a nearby garbage can. She then walked over to Bryan and sat on his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck as his wrapped around her waist. \"As I recall, it was you who performed background checks on my whole family before we moved in together.\" She smirked. \"Old habits die hard, Kate.\" He grinned back. \"I just wanted to know what sort of family my woman came from.\" \"And are you satisfied?\" \"Mmm. Very, but there's still one thing I need to take care of.\" He smirked, mischievously. \"Oh, really? And what's that?\" She asked, smirking as well with a raised eyebrow. Bryan leaned towards her and whispered it in her ear. \"Well, I'm pretty sure there's a solution to that, hun.\" Katherine said, biting her bottom lip, then received a kiss from Bryan. \"But first, would you want to go to my sister's next weekend?\" \"Of course. As long as you want to go.\" \"Good. I'll call her later, saying we'll be there. But now,\" she smiled, standing from his lap, \"there's something else I'd rather do.\" Bryan smiled also, then stood and followed Katherine into the house, closing and locking the back door and setting the alarm system before chasing Katherine up the stairs and into their bedroom. Sometime later, lying entwined in each other's embrace, they heard Katherine's cell phone start to ring. Sighing, Katherine fell to her back and looked at the clock on the bedside table. Cursing under her breath, she disentangled herself from both Bryan and the blankets, then rolled out of the bed. Once on the floor, she crawled over to her pants and dug through the pockets, looking for the phone. \"Hello?\" She asked as she answered it, not even bothering to see who was calling. \" I tried calling you about five minutes ago, but you didn't answer. I was hoping you didn't fall off the face of the earth.\" Stacey said on the other end. \"No, didn't fall of earth...just stuck in bliss.\" Katherine answered, smiling at Bryan as she rejoined him on the bed, pulling the blanket up to wrap around her torso as she leaned against the headboard. \" Gross. That was more info than I needed to hear.\" Stacey said, but Katherine could hear the smile in her voice. \"So what do you want?\" Katherine asked, grinning. \" Did you get to talk to him yet...or have you been too busy?\" \"No, we talked earlier. We'll be there.\" Bryan scooted closer to Katherine and wrapped his arm tightly around her stomach, pulling her into him. He rested his chin on her shoulder briefly before kissing his way from her shoulder to her neck. Katherine started to close her eyes. \" Oh, good. I'll e-mail you our address and directions tomorrow.\" Stacey went on. \"Okay. Great. That's fine. I'll talk to you later.\" Katherine said distractedly and hung up before she got an answer from her sister. She tossed her phone to the floor, then turned to face Bryan's lips full on. Bryan easily pulled her back down so they lay on the bed, him hovering over her. He gazed into her eyes as he moved her hair out of her face. He took a quick glance at his bedside table drawer, making it seem as if he was looking at the clock, then looked back at Katherine, coming a decision to wait until next weekend. \"I love you, Katherine.\" He whispered before kissing her passionately. Coming up for air, Katherine placed her hands on either side of his face and replied: \"I love you, too, Bryan.\" She then pulled him back down for another passionate kiss. Just as their breathing started to get heavier, Bryan's cell phone started to ring. Sighing heavily, Bryan let his head drop to Katherine's shoulder. Katherine sighed as well, then let out an embarrassing and uncharacteristically girly giggle as Bryan growled and rolled off the bed to find his own phone. Sitting on the floor at the foot of the bed, Bryan saw that his daughter was calling. \"Kim, what are you still doing awake?\" He asked as he answered the phone. \" I just wanted to make sure that you and Katherine were still coming to lunch with me tomorrow.\" Kim answered. \"Of course we're still coming.\" He paused as he felt Katherine's hands on his shoulders. She started to massage the knots out of his neck. \"We both like spending time with you.\" \" Good. I like Katherine, dad. She's really cool.\" Kim said, then lowered her voice conspiratorially. \" I personally think you should marry her. \" Bryan laughed. \"I'll definitely think long and hard about it.\" \" Okay, dad.\" She laughed. \" I should get to bed. I'll see you tomorrow at one. Tell Katherine good night for me.\" \"I will. Love you, Kimmi.\" \" Love you, too, daddy.\" Both Kim and Bryan hung up their phones. Bryan tossed his phone down next to him, then grabbed a hold of Katherine's wrists and pulled her arms around his neck, kissing her wrists. \"Kim still meeting us for lunch tomorrow?\" Katherine softly asked in his ear. \"Yes. She really likes you. Thinks you're cool. Where she got that idea, I'll never know.\" Bryan teased. Katherine scoffed, then took her arms away from Bryan's neck. She moved back up the bed. \"Well, I'm obviously cooler than you since I have yet to hear her call you cool.\" Katherine retorted. Bryan stood and crawled up the bed to lay back next to Katherine. He roughly, yet lovingly, pulled her into his embrace. \"Not cool, am I?\" He asked, running his fingers over her ticklish hipbone. She squeaked, then grabbed his hand to prevent him from doing that again. \" I never said you weren't cool. I think you're cool and much more.\" She reassured. \"Oh? And what goes under the category of 'much more'?\" Bryan asked, curiously. Katherine pretended to think about it for a moment. \"Hmm, well, you're caring, loving, dedicated.\" She paused and grinned. \"You're charming, devastatingly handsome, and...oh, how could I forget? You're so good in be—\" She didn't get to finish 'bed' before Bryan swooped in to kiss her. Several moments later, they pulled apart just enough to rest their foreheads together. Katherine smirked. \"Did I manage to persuade you that you are more than cool? And inflate your ego at the same time?\" \"Yes. And yes. Thank you.\" He said softly with a smile, then kissed her briefly. Readjusting the blanket over themselves, they settled in for the night. Before getting completely comfortable, Bryan reached over and turned off the light on his bedside table. Turning back to Katherine, he wrapped his arms around her as she snuggled in against him, letting her arm rest on his chest. \"Good night, my love.\" Bryan said softly, dramatically. \"Good night, oh cool one.\" Katherine replied, grinning. Bryan scoffed. \"Kim wanted me to tell you good night as well.\" He felt her nod against him, signaling she was getting too tired to verbally respond. Kissing the top of her head, Bryan took a deep breath, letting it out slowly, before relaxing and following Katherine into sleep. ******************** A/N: Hello again! So, what'd you think? I realize that I probably made Bryan a little OOC in this opening chapter, but the rest from here on out will have him in normal character. Speaking of Bryan, did anyone else think the end of the movie had a few loose ends? Like, did Bryan go back into the CIA? Did he and that singer get together (obviously, I don't think so)? Are the French keeping an eye on the prostitution rings? I dunno, I'm probably just spouting nonsense, but being a film major, I tend to over-analyze movies a bit. :P[Chapter 2] A/N: I made a tiny mistake in the first chapter...I mis-named one of Bryan's buddies; I named him Victor (because I couldn't bloody figure out what his name was), but I saw the movie again today (woot!) and realized it was Bernie. So the CIA buddies are Sam, Casey, and Bernie. I went back in and fixed it, too. Here's chapter 2. Enjoy! ******************** The next Friday night saw Katherine and Bryan loading up her car with their bags of clothes and necessities for the weekend stay at Stacey's house. Before leaving, Bryan wanted to run a background check on Stacey's boyfriend, Trevor, but Katherine assured him that the guy was clean. He trusted her judgement, so he didn't search, even though he would have felt better if he did. When the car was packed and they were ready to go, Katherine programmed the address into her GPS and they headed out. About an hour later, they pulled into the driveway of an immaculate house. It was huge; just shy of being called a mansion. \"Oh, shit. I knew my sister bagged a rich one, but that is insane!\" Katherine muttered more to herself than Bryan. She put the break on and killed the engine as she stared out of the window at the house. Bryan turned off the GPS and shook his head at her. \"Come on, darling,\" he said jokingly, \"let's not sit here and gawk all night.\" Katherine pulled her gaze away from the house and, while blushing, nodded to Bryan. They got out of the car, grabbed their bags, and walked up to the front door. Glancing around for anything that looked suspicious, Bryan put his arm around Katherine's waist as she rang the boor bell. Seconds later, the door opened to reveal a woman that looked almost the same as Katherine with slight differences (the main one being the hair color; Katherine was brunette, while her sister was a blonde). \"Katie-Bear!\" Stacey exclaimed, holding her arms out. Bryan took his arm away from Katherine and smirked at the look of 'I hate that name' on her face. As her sister grabbed her in a bear hug, he heard Katherine growl: \"If you call me that on more time this weekend, we're leaving.\" Stacey pulled away smirking, then turned to look at Bryan. \"And you must be Bryan. Katherine's told me everything about you.\" \"I certainly hope not.\" He muttered to Katherine as he extended his hand to Stacey. Katherine shook her head slightly, knowing that Bryan didn't want many to know that he was ex-CIA. \"Well, don't just stand out on the porch all night, come in,\" Stacey said stepping to the side to allow them in. \"You can leave your stuff by the door for now. You two will have to stay in the guesthouse. We don't have any guest rooms made up yet.\" \"That's okay...wait, you have a friggin' guest house?!\" Katherine asked, astounded. Bryan chuckled as he took her bag from her hand and set it next to his by the door. He then took her hand in his. \"Of course.\" Stacey replied, nonchalantly. \"Come on. Trevor's in the kitchen making dinner.\" Katherine and Bryan followed Stacey down the long hallway to the kitchen at the back of the house. As they walked, Bryan looked down at Katherine with a smirk, then raised her hand to kiss the back of it. Katherine glanced up at Bryan and smiled as she leaned into him. In the kitchen, they watched Stacey walk over to the man standing at the stove. He wasn't a very buff guy, but he wasn't a weakling, either. Stacey kissed him, then introduced their guests. \"Trevor, this is my older sister, Katherine and her boyfriend, Bryan.\" \"Ah, a pleasure to finally meet you both.\" He smiled, then wiped his hands on the towel on his shoulder before walking over and shaking their hands. Bryan reluctantly let go of Katherine's hand before doing so. \"Likewise.\" Katherine said. She noticed something slightly unsettling about the guy, but couldn't put her finger on it, so she shrugged it off. Trevor went back to the stove, speaking over his shoulder. \"We decided to be informal tonight, so we're eating here in the kitchen. Please, have a seat. Dinner's almost done.\" He smiled as he motioned to the four seats around the island table in the middle of the kitchen. Bryan took a seat and Katherine was about to sit next to him when she saw the rock on her sister's left ring finger. \"Stacey, is that...\" Katherine started before walking over to her and inspecting her hand. \"Excuse us for a moment.\" She said, dragging her smirking sister out of the room with her. In the next room, Katherine turned to face her younger sister. \"And just when were you going to tell me about this?\" She asked, trying to hide her smile. \"After dinner, actually. I should have known my observant sister would have seen it earlier.\" Stacey smiled. Katherine couldn't hold back any longer. She smiled wide, then pulled her sister into a crushing hug. \"Congratulations.\" She said when she pulled away. \"My little sissy is going to be getting married before me. I thought I'd never see the day.\" She pretended to wipe away a tear. Stacey's smile dropped briefly. \"You mean Bryan hasn't asked you yet?\" \"No.\" Katherine laughed. \"I'm not worried, though. As long as I have him, I don't care if he never proposes.\" \"Hey, whatever makes you happy.\" Stacey smiled again. \"We better get back in the kitchen before an awkward silence reigns supreme.\" Katherine said. Stacey nodded, then after another hug, the two sisters walked back down the hall to the kitchen. Meanwhile, back in the kitchen, an awkward silence did follow after he women left, but it was brief. Trevor looked over his shoulder to see Bryan watching after Katherine. \"Bryan, can I get you something to drink? A beer perhaps?\" Trevor asked. \"Please.\" Bryan replied, returning his attention to the other man. Trevor went to the fridge and took out a beer. Popping the top off, he handed it across the table to Bryan, who took it with a 'thanks'. Trevor nodded, then returned to he stove. Dinner was just about done. \"So how did you and Katherine meet?\" Trevor asked, trying to keep conversation and avoid awkward silences. \"I could ask you the same.\" Bryan replied, leaning back in the chair, not drinking the beer. Trevor laughed. \"Fair enough. I met Stacey at the shop where I get my suits tailored. She was working the register that day. Something made me ask her out on a date. I did. And here we are.\" He grinned as he reminisced. \"What about you?\" \"Katherine was hired to program my new laptop for me. It wasn't love at first sight, but it felt like it at the time.\" Bryan also grinned. \"Have you proposed yet? If you don't mind my prying.\" Trevor asked, plating the dinner. \"Not yet.\" Bryan answered simply, not wanting to go into details with a man he just met and who he had no background on. He reached into his pocket briefly, anyway. Trevor hummed a response, then the two fell into silence. Not an awkward one, but one of reflection and contemplation. The sisters walked back into the kitchen less than a minute later and went over to their respective man. Katherine leaned down to kiss Bryan before sitting next to him. She leaned against his side and took his hand as his other arm wrapped around her shoulders. \"They're engaged.\" She whispered to him. \"Ah.\" He whispered back before raising his voice to the couple nearing the table. \"It seems a congratulations are in order.\" He lifted his beer. \"So, congrats.\" \"Thank you.\" Stacey beamed, then after setting the plates down on the table (along with Trevor), she kissed her fiancé. ******************** A/N: Damn...I think I made Bryan a little OOC again. I'm really trying not to. I noticed that at least 2 of you are reading this (yea, happy dance), and others have stopped by, but no one's reviewed. I'd like to know what you like/what you don't like, suggestions, comments, blah, blah, blah. I want to know what you think, so yeah... I'm guessing about every other day I'm going to post, so you can keep a look out that way.[Chapter 3] A/N: It seems that I was so excited to start posting this story that I forgot a disclaimer, so here it goes: I don't own anything from the movie Taken (sadly), but I do own, Katherine, Stacey, and Trevor...so don't sue because all of my money is going towards college...and the movie theater (it's like a third home to me [second being the ice rink] and I'm surprised the workers don't know me yet). Alrighty. Chapter 3. Enjoy! ******************** \"That was a lovely dinner, Trevor. You're a good cook.\" Katherine said once dinner was finished and plates were taken away. Trevor nodded his head in thanks. \"Not to seem rude or anything,\" Bryan started a few minutes later noticing Katherine stifle a yawn, \"but it's been a long day for us and I think some sleep will do us good.\" He picked up Katherine's hand and held it in his own. \"Of course.\" Trevor said. \"We'll show you out to the guest--\" He didn't get to finish his sentence before his cell phone rang. \"Excuse me a minute. Stace, could you show them to the guesthouse?\" After a nod from Stacey, he kissed her forehead, then hurried out of the room to answer his phone. \"Okay. Well, we can get your bags, then we'll head on back.\" Stacey said, smiling. \"I'll get them. You two can stay here and...chat.\" Katherine said as she started to walk towards the front door. \"You sure?\" Bryan asked. \"Yeah, they're just bags, Bry. I'm pretty sure I can handle them.\" She smirked. Walking towards the front door, she heard Trevor on his phone, but ignored him and continued on to get their bags. She slung her laptop case's shoulder strap onto her shoulder and Bryan's traveling bag on her other shoulder. She picked up her own traveling bag in one hand and Bryan's 'never leave home without it' CIA gadget case in the other. (\"I take it anywhere I go after what happened to Kim.\" He once told her and she understood.) Walking back down the hall, Katherine paused when she heard Trevor angrily address whoever was on the other end of the phone. She knew she shouldn't eavesdrop, but she found herself doing it anyway. \"No, tomorrow night, you idiot...Yes, I already told you the time and place...Yes, I have everything we need. Now, don't forget to bring your three brutes with you. We might have our hands full with these two.\" Katherine didn't stick around to hear more. She quickly made it back to the kitchen where Bryan and Stacey were standing by the backdoor. Bryan saw her first and noticed how pale she looked. \"Katherine, are you alright?\" He asked. Katherine plastered on a fake smile. \"Yes, this case of yours is just a little heavy.\" She lied, handing the case to him. Taking the case, he looked at her skeptically, but nodded. \"Alright, ready?\" Stacey asked, unlocking the door and opening it. Nodding, Bryan and Katherine followed Stacey to the guesthouse on the far side of the yard. Unlocking the front door, she gave the key to Bryan as she opened the door for them. \"Sorry it's not much, but it'll do for the weekend.\" Stacey smiled. \"Thank you.\" Bryan falsely smiled, then walked in to take a sweep of the place looking for any hidden camera and/or microphones. \"Thanks, sissy.\" Katherine grinned. \"No problem.\" Stacey hugged Katherine. \"And remember. No one can hear you out here.\" She smirked with a wink. \"I'll keep that in mind.\" Katherine replied still with her grin. \"Good night, Stacey.\" She hugged her sister again. \"Night, Katherine.\" She paused, then pulled back still smirking. \"I wouldn't expect to see us until some time after noon, if you get what I mean.\" \"Oh, I do. We'll be sure not to go near the house until after noon.\" Katherine winked this time. The younger sister laughed, then turned and walked back towards the house, waving as she reached the door. The elder waved back, then walked into the guesthouse, locking the door behind her. \"Bryan.\" She called urgently before turning around to look for him. Bryan was practically behind her, making her jump when he spoke. \"What happened in there? And don't tell me nothing.\" Katherine set the bags down, then immediately pulled out her laptop and held it out to Bryan. \"Do the background check on Trevor.\" She said with a slightly shaky voice and even shakier hands. \"Kate, baby, what happened?\" He asked with concern, taking the laptop from her. \"Just do the check, then I'll tell you.\" She said going over and sitting on the couch in the 'living room' off the main hall. Bryan followed and sat next to her on the couch as he placed the laptop on the coffee table in front of them and booted it up. While waiting, he wrapped his arms tightly around Katherine, who was shaking slightly. When the computer was ready, Bryan reluctantly let go of Katherine, who stood from the couch and started to pace on the other side of the coffee table. Keeping a close eye on her, he did a check on Trevor Langdon. Nothing came up. \"Katherine.\" He called to her. She stopped her pacing and looked at him. \"There's nothing on Trevor.\" Katherine groaned, then brought her hands up to cover her face. \"Maybe I misheard him.\" She mumbled. \"What did you hear?\" Bryan asked, walking up to her and pulling her hands away. \"I don't know what, but he has something planned for tomorrow night. I heard something about..\" she closed her eyes to try to remember, \"about having everything they needed and bringing three more guys along.\" Katherine opened her eyes and looked up at Bryan, trying to gauge his reaction. She was met with a mask of stony features, looking across the room. \"Bryan?\" She asked softly. He turned his head to look at her. \"Should I speak with him about it?\" He asked her. \"No. I don't want him to know that I accidentally eavesdropped. I'm sure it's nothing. Maybe a surprise for Stacey. Let's just go to bed. Please.\" Katherine pleaded, trying to convince Bryan as well as herself. Bryan took a long look at Katherine before nodding and leaning down to kiss her. Katherine grinned at him, then walked over to the door to retrieve her clothing bag. She took it into the bedroom and got changed into her pajamas, which consisted of a teal camisole and black sweatpants. Once Katherine was out of sight, Bryan went back to the laptop and sent an e-mail to Sam asking him to dig up anything he could on Trevor and to get back to him by mid morning. Bryan then shut down the computer and went to join Katherine in the bedroom. Walking in, he saw Katherine lying on her side, facing the side of the bed where he was to sleep. She seemed to be staring into nothing. Sighing, Bryan went to his own clothing bag and pulled out a pair of dark blue sweatpants. After stripping off his clothes, he chanced a glance at Katherine and saw her watching him with a smirk. Rolling his eyes and grinning back, he pulled on the pants, then walked over to the bed, sliding in beside Katherine. After turning off the light, Bryan turned on his side to face her and pulled her into his arms, throwing his leg over hers to pull her as close to him as he could. \"I'm fine, Bryan.\" She said into his bare chest. \"My overactive mind is making me think weird things. Don't worry.\" She tilted her head up to kiss him. \"Besides, I have an ex-CIA agent to protect me.\" She grinned. Bryan grinned back, but knew that he couldn't always be there to protect her. He remembered very clearly what happened to Kim and what could have happened to her if he didn't get to her in time. He didn't want that to happen to Katherine. Ever. Pulling her even closer to him, they both tried to get some sleep. ********** Early the next morning, Bryan woke up still wrapped around Katherine. Slowly disentangling himself so he could let her continue to sleep, he made his way out to the 'living room' where he left the laptop last night and turned it on. He then checked his e-mail. Seeing a message reply from Sam, he opened it immediately. It didn't tell him anything new...except one surprise: Sam couldn't even find a birth certificate for the man. This made Bryan think that maybe Trevor Langdon was an alias. Taking a deep breath and realizing there was nothing more to do than keep an eye on Trevor, Bryan headed to the bathroom to shower. ********** Katherine woke up slowly that morning. Immediately knowing that Bryan wasn't next to her, she shot up in the bed and looked around. She then heard humming coming from the adjoining bathroom. Knowing it was Bryan, she relaxed against the headboard, pulling the light sheet up to tuck under her armpits. Now that it was daylight, Katherine looked around the room. The bedroom itself was bigger than the largest room in their own house, but not as nicely furnished, she noted. Her attention was then diverted to the bathroom door as Bryan opened it and walked out in nothing but a white towel that didn't quite reach his knees, and drying his hair with another towel. Katherine desperately tried to keep from laughing and drooling over her boyfriend. She would be the first to admit that he was still fit at his age. Bryan was oblivious to Katherine being awake and kept humming as he walked across the bedroom to his clothing bag. Katherine couldn't help herself any longer and started laughing, which made Bryan jump and turn to face her. \"Jeez, how long have you been up?\" He asked. \"Not long. A minute or so? I heard you humming just before you came out of the bathroom.\" She tried to stop her laughter. \"If you stand there in that towel any longer, I can't be responsible for my actions, which most definitely will lead us to take showers afterwards.\" Bryan smirked devilishly, then dropped the towel he used to dry his hair and approached Katherine's side of the bed. He sat on the edge, near her thigh, and stared at her. \"I'm not kidding, Bryan. I'm about this close to jumping you.\" Katherine held her thumb and index finger centimeters apart. Bryan didn't move, only continued to smirk. Katherine grunted, then reached out to put her hand behind his neck and pulled him towards her for passionate kisses. At least Katherine's mind was off of Trevor was up to for a few hours. ******************* A/N: And the plot moves forward! What a sneaky bugger Trevor is... Oh, I was checking out the message boards for Taken on imdb .com and us Americans were the last to get this movie in theaters. WTF? Was it because of the strike? And they have it on DVD already? Oh, and we get the dumbed down version, too?! Not cool! The torture scene went differently overseas; something like Bryan jabbing metal rods into the guy's thighs, then electrocuting him? (You can actually see it in the previews.) I really hope that they make an unrated DVD and includes that...or I'm going to be angry and turn into the Hulk.[Chapter 4] A/N: Okay. Here ya go! I don't have anything to say this time (I think), so enjoy! ******************** Some time after noon that day (and after showers from both couples), the four met up in the kitchen for food. After eating a light lunch, Stacey and Trevor showed Katherine and Bryan around the house. Bryan keeping a very close eye on Trevor. Both Katherine and Bryan were impressed with the house (especially the basement that was turned into a game room that included classic pinball machines, a pool table, air hockey table, foosball table, ping-pong table, card table, fully loaded bar, and a very large plasma TV), but were more than content with their little house in the suburbs. Katherine was able to forget about Trevor's conversation for a while, too. By the time they were done walking through the house (and playing around in the basement that involved a competitive game of ping-pong against the couples), it was time for dinner. Stacey and Trevor wanted to treat Bryan and Katherine to dinner in a restaurant that night. They agreed as long as it wasn't fancy dress since they hadn't planned for it. Coming back to the house after dinner, a more than slightly tipsy Stacey and Trevor barely made it into the house before they started pulling each other's clothing off of one another. It was at this point that Katherine was glad that she drove. Laughing at the antics of her sister and future brother-in-law, Katherine urged a laughing Bryan out to the guesthouse so they could leave the other couple to their...coupling. In the guesthouse, Katherine sat down on the sofa, then laid on it, curling up on her side, and closed her eyes. \"I'm so tired.\" She said, groggily. \"I envy my sister for being almost eight years younger than me.\" Bryan shook his head, then walked to the section of the couch where Katherine's head rested. Making her lift up her head, he sat down and she replaced her head on his lap. Bryan ran his hand through her hair and down her arm before reaching for the remote and turning on the television, just for something to do until he could not longer keep his own eyes open. When that time came, he turned the television off, picked up Katherine, and carried her back to the bedroom. He woke her up long enough to help her change into her pajamas, then let her crawl into bed to sleep. He then changed into his own pajama pants and got in next to her, falling asleep almost instantly. ********** Katherine awoke in the middle of the night with the desperate urge to use the bathroom. She groaned softly, not wanting to get out of Bryan's loose embrace...but really needing to go. Slowly lifting the arm on her waist, she slid to the edge of the bed before lowering Bryan's arm again. Standing up, Katherine heard Bryan shift. \"Kate?\" He questioned, using his nickname for her. He was definitely not fully awake, which made Katherine grin. \"Just going to the bathroom.\" She replied softly. \"Go back to sleep.\" Nodding and closing his eyes at the same time, Bryan turned onto his back and was immediately asleep again. Katherine grinned knowing how fast Bryan could fall asleep and also how light of a sleeper he was before she remembered that nature was calling. Almost running to the bathroom, Katherine answered the call. Once she came out of the bathroom, Katherine took a glance at the clock, noticing it was three AM. She then took two steps towards the bed before realizing that she was wide awake. Not wanting to disturb Bryan, she walked down the hall towards the 'living room' to check her e-mail. Feeling her way in the dark, she got to the front door and, on a whim, decided to look out of the window. There were a few lights on in the house, but she just figured that Stacey and Trevor might have wanted a change of scenery. Shrugging lightly, she went to the 'living room' and turned on the computer. Katherine moved away from the window just before four men walked cautiously up to the back door of the house and let themselves in. Once Katherine was done sorting through her mountain of e-mails, she shut down the computer, then decided to go to the house for a later night snack. She started to go back to the bedroom to write Bryan a note of where she was going, when she went to take another look out of the window. Just as she was about to turn away from the window, she saw a line of four people silhouetted against a window on the second floor. Frowning, she walked back to the bedroom and scribbled a note to Bryan, leaving it on his nightstand. She then took his gadget case and went out to the 'living room' again. Placing the case on the coffee table, she paced back and forth a few times before deciding to open it. Taking out the small (no more than an inch), clipable tracking device, she held it between her thumb and forefinger to look at it. \"If you ever go somewhere without me knowing, take this and clip it to your bra or somewhere under your clothes. I'll be able to find you if something...happens.\" Bryan once told her after telling her of what happened to Kim. Katherine had rolled her eyes at him at the time. Sighing and rolling her shoulders, Katherine pulled away the front of her camisole to clip the tracking device to her bra, between her breasts. Leaving the case unlocked and on the table, Katherine made her way to the house. Once reaching the backdoor, she noticed that it was unlatched, so, being cautious, she pushed it open and tiptoed in. She made it to the fridge and took out a glass bottle of Snapple. Just as she closed the fridge, some giant of a man came up behind her, wrapping one arm around her waist to lift her up and the other clamping over her mouth so she didn't even have time to scream. The Snapple bottle went crashing to the floor. The brute easily carried Katherine with one arm up the stairs to the second floor and into Trevor's study where they came in on a conversation between Trevor and Stacey who was tied to a chair. \"I thought you said you loved me.\" Stacey sobbed. \"Oh, I did, sweetheart, but you became too predictable over time.\" Trevor grinned evilly. \"And I just wanted your money.\" Stacey stared up at him in shock before bowing her head and sobbing some more. Trevor looked up at the sound of the door hitting the wall as the hired brute walked in carrying a struggling and kicking Katherine, the one he really needed, not this good for nothing sister of hers. \"Ah,\" he said, standing upright and motioning to the chair across from Stacey. \"That was easier than I thought.\" The brute shoved Katherine in to the chair, then tied her in the same fashion as Stacey. \"W-What do you mean?\" Stacey asked, lifting her head, tears still running down her cheeks. \"Dear, stupid, Stacey...\" Trevor started. \"Don't call my sister stupid.\" Katherine practically growled as the goon finished tying her up and stepped away. In two steps, Trevor was in front of Katherine. Glancing down at her, he raised his hand and backhanded the right side of her face. \"Katherine!\" Stacey screeched. Grunting, Katherine's head slumped to the side, but she turned her face back after a moment to glare at him, even as her eyes started to water. \"Keep your mouth shut.\" He snapped. \"That goes for you, too.\" He looked behind him to Stacey whose open mouth snapped shut. \"I don't really need you anymore, anyway.\" He went to reach for something in his jacket pocket. \"I knew it.\" Katherine said softly, bringing her head back upright. Trevor paused and turned to look at her. \"What?\" \"I overheard you on the phone last night. Not all of it, but enough to be cautious of you and what you had planned.\" \"And yet...you still came in the house.\" \"To protect my sister.\" Trevor humphed a non-humorous laugh. \"And look at the fine job you did there, Big. Sissy.\" He made a flourish with his hand over to Stacey. \"I'm sorry, Katherine.\" Stacey whispered lowering her head once more. Katherine glared white, hot fire at Trevor, but he was either oblivious or chose to ignore it. \"What do you want with me, then?\" She asked through gritted teeth. \"I thought I told you to keep your mouth shut.\" Trevor growled at her, before being falsely polite again. \"But since you asked so nicely, I guess I could tell you a little bit.\" Katherine sat still and continued to glare, but listened closely. \"You are going to be doing a little computer networking for me.\" He grinned, not about to divulge his whole plan to her. Another hired gun entered the study, but was motioned by Trevor to stay by the door. \"And if I don't help you?\" Katherine asked, clenching her fists. \"You can say good-bye to little sissy...forever.\" To prove his point, Trevor reached into his jacket pocket to pull out the hidden 9mm handgun and pointed it at Stacey, whose eyes widened and fresh tears were produced. \"No!\" Katherine exclaimed. \"Oh, and once I'm done with her, I'm going after that so-called boyfriend of yours.\" Katherine grunted as she struggled against her bonds and tried to lunge at Trevor. Trevor and the hired help laughed. \"Ooh, it seems I've found your weaknesses, Katie.\" Trevor continued to laugh even when Katherine growled at the nickname. He stopped suddenly. \"Too bad at least one of those weaknesses won't even see the sunrise today.\" Trevor whipped the gun around and shot Stacey in her heart, then in the middle of her forehead. ******************** A/N: Evil bastard, isn't he? Soooo, I'd really like to know what you though tof this chapter because if you didn't like it, then the rest of the story is gonna suck...[Chapter 5] A/N: I actually kinda feel a little bad posting this today...my prayers (if I actually did pray since I'm not very religious) and thoughts are with Liam Neeson and family. Natasha Richardson will be missed greatly. She was a wonderful actress. So, on that sad note: enjoy this if you can... ******************** Bryan woke up so suddenly he almost toppled over the side of the bed. He could have sworn he heard a gunshot. Then he heard another one, followed by a blood-curtling scream that sounded like \"NO!\" coming from the house. Scrambling out of the bed, Bryan threw on a T-shirt, then ran through the guesthouse, calling out for Katherine as he went. Receiving no answer, he flung the main door of the guesthouse open and sprinted across the yard to the house, kicking open the back door. Looking through the kitchen and down the hallway, he saw that the front door was open. He then saw Trevor descending the stairs quickly, followed by two large men carrying a squirming and very angry and upset Katherine between the two of them; one had her arms, then other her legs. Bryan ran though the kitchen and, just hit the hallway, when he was rammed in the stomach even as he fell to his knees. This third large man pulled Bryan up by his left arm. He was joined by a fourth man on Bryan's right. They held him up on his knees. \"Bryan!\" Katherine yelled, distraught. At the bottom of the stairs, she struggled even harder and managed to kick the goon holding her feet in his face. He dropped her feet, which surprised the guy holding her arms. Katherine was unceremoniously dumped onto the floor on her left hip. \"Katherine!\" Bryan shouted, increasing his own struggles. This earned him another punch to the stomach. He watched as the first guy roughly yanked Katherine up and threw he over his shoulder, holding her legs against his body so she wouldn't kick him again. Katherine was able to lift her torso off of the man's back with one hand as she sent a very clever and helpful signal to Bryan with the other. Even though he was focused on her grief-stricken, tear-stained face, Bryan was able to move his eyes down to the hand that she put to her chest. She pulled the front of her camisole away from her body just enough so Bryan could see the glint of the metallic black of the tracking device he told her to use. His body froze and his face turned to one of comprehension as Katherine attempted to smirk, then slumped onto the back of the goon and she was carried out through the door. Bryan returned to struggling as Trevor stepped into his line of sight, his back to Bryan. \"Blindfold, tie, and gag her before she alerts the whole neighborhood.\" He called out to the man. Trevor turned to Bryan and walked towards him. \"You son of a bitch.\" Bryan growled at him. Trevor, however, was unfazed. \"Well, Bryan. I guess the game's over and I came out the victor.\" He stopped in front of Bryan. \"I hope to never see you again...oh, and don't worry about Katherine. She'll be just fine...for now.\" He grinned maliciously before bringing the hand holding the gun up and hitting Bryan over the head with it, knocking him unconscious. ********** Bryan awoke just as the sky was starting to lighten into morning. He momentarily forgot he was on the floor in the hallway. When he realized this, he quickly pushed himself up to sit on his heels, then slowly got to his feet, making sure he didn't feel dizzy before running through the house and up to the second floor. Searching all the room for any clues to where Trevor took Katherine, he came to the last room, not finding anything. The last room was the study and the door was open. Cautiously, he walked into the study and glanced around before quickly going to the chair that Stacey was tied to and slumped over in. He saw the blood on her chest, soaking her clothes, then kneeling down next to the chair (without touching it), he saw that blood matted the hair around her face on one side. He then saw the blood source: a bullet hole in her forehead. Sighing, Bryan stood. \"I'm sorry, Stacey...and Katherine.\" He whispered. He turned and ran out of the room, down the stairs, through the house, and out the back door towards the guesthouse. Once in the guesthouse, Bryan ran back to the bedroom and picked up his cell phone, then dialed Sam's number. Before turning to go back out to the 'living room', Bryan saw a piece of paper on the nightstand. Picking it up, he saw that it was a note from Katherine telling him where she was. He sighed heavily, bringing a hand to his forehead. Waiting for Sam to answer his phone, Bryan went to the 'living room' and turned on the laptop. Seeing his gadget case on the coffee table, he opened it as Sam answered. \" Bryan. How's the weekend away going? \" Sam asked groggily, obviously having been woken up. \"Took a turn for the worst.\" Bryan replied, shuffling things around in the case after setting Katherine's note next to it. \" What? Why? What happened? \" Sam asked, now fully awake. \"Katherine's been kidnapped.\" Bryan said, simply. \" Oh, my god. \" Sam mumbled. \" When? \" \"A few hours ago, I think.\" He answered, rubbing the heel of his palm in his eye. \"I was knocked unconscious. Look, I need you, Casey, and Bernie to get here ASAP. I don't know what he wants with her.\" \" Is this that Trevor guy? \" \"Yes, but I'm not so sure his name is Trevor.\" Bryan mumbled. \"I'm e-mailing you the address I'm at right now. It'll take about an hour's drive...make it fast.\" \" Okay, I'll get the guys and we'll get there as fast as traffic will allow. \" Both men hung up. Bryan turned his attention to the case, knowing it shouldn't take long to locate Katherine...as long as the device went unfound. \"Good girl, Kate.\" He muttered, grinning softly. ********** What felt like half an hour later, Katherine, blindfolded with her hands tied with cinched plastic in front of her, was dragged by two brutes into a building. By the sounds echoing around, she was able to deduce that wherever they were was unfurnished. After walking through this building for a minute or two, Katherine was roughly shoved into a chair and her blindfold was removed. Blinking rapidly to adjust to the sudden light, she looked around. She heard a door close to her right and looked that way to see one of the brutes had closed it after him as he left. She felt another hired gun standing behind her. In front of her was a table containing three computer monitors. Beyond the monitors, on the other side of the table, stood Trevor. \"You son of a bitch.\" She growled. \"Now, now, Katie.\" She glared at him. \"I need you to be cooperative if you want to survive.\" She sighed. \"Then what do you want me to do?\" \"Hack.\" He said simply. Katherine scoffed. \"I can't hack.\" She said, frowning. \"What do you mean you 'can't hack'?\" Trevor asked angrily. She felt the brute behind her step closer. \"I mean, I. Can't. Hack.\" She paused as the stressing of the words hurt her swollen cheek. \"I'm a computer programmer , not a hacker. I make the programs that prevent the hacking.\" Trevor nodded to the brute behind her. Katherine didn'' have time to turn and look at what he was doing before she felt his fist connect with her face (again, on her right side), then his foot in her left side, knocking her off of the chair and the wind out of her. She yelled out as she was kicked out of the chair and landed on her right shoulder on the floor. She panted to try to get her breath back. \"Now, Katherine. If you can program a computer, you must know how to unprogram it. Isn't that the same as hacking?\" Trevor asked, stepping around the table to look down his nose at her as she still lay on the floor. \"No.\" She gasped for air. \"I only know how to program an program only. That's all I was taught to do. Someone else de-programs...or hacks as you want to call it.\" So she told the half-truth. Katherine did know how to program and de-program computers, but it's not the same as hacking. She really didn't know how to hack. Trevor didn't need to know this, though. Another nod from Trevor and the brute walked into Katherine's line of sight. Grinning maliciously, he kicked Katherine in the stomach. Katherine yelled out again, then curled into a ball, bringing her tied hands in to cover her chest and protect the tracking device. \"Take her to the upstairs backroom. Maybe a little rest will help her cooperate.\" Trevor said to the hired help. The guy picked a groaning Katherine up off the floor by her left arm. He threw her over his shoulder and she yelled once more through clenched teeth as her tenderized stomach came into contact with the shoulder. Attempting to relieve some pressure, she pushed off the guy's back with her tied hands. \"See you later, Katie.\" Trevor mocked with a wave. Katherine glared and flipped him off as she was carried out of the door. Now that she wasn't blindfolded, she was able to look around and see that they were in an abandoned warehouse. She abandoned and dilapidated that it looked like an old prison. She was carried up a flight of stairs and down a long hallway; a door appearing on either side every few yards. Once reaching the last door on the left, the guy opened the door and walked over to the far corner. He took Katherine off his shoulder and dropped her to the ground, where she once again landed on her left hip. Grunting through pursed lips, she flopped to her back to glare at the large man. \"Don't go anywhere.\" His deep voice commanded as he pointed a finger at her as if she was a small child. \"But what if I want to see your ugly mug again? Can I come find you?\" She asked with the most innocent face she could muster. The goon took one step, then slapped her across her face. This time, her left side. \"Goddamn.\" She growled, her eyes watering again. \"Enough with the face already.\" The goon smirked, slapped her one more time, then left the room. Katherine swore a string of muttered curses once the guy left, closing all her swearing off by yelling \"Bastard!\" towards the door. She then sighed heavily and grimaced as she hefted herself to the corner of the room to prop herself up. After getting into as comfortable a position as she could get, she realized she was wheezing as she breathed. \"Wonderful.\" She muttered sarcastically, leaning her head against the wall. Bringing both hands up to her chest (since they were still tied together), she pulled the camisole away to make sure the device was still in place and intact. Glad that it was both, she let her hands drop down to her lap and she sighed again. \"Hurry Bryan.\" She whispered to the air. ******************** A/N: I saw Taken again today (I think this was the fourth or fifth time. lol). Reviews would be nice...hint, hint[Chapter 6] A/N: I am SO sorry I took so long to post this. I actually had it written out, but the past two months of college were just so hectic and frustrating that I didn't have much time to post...between writing papers for my American Literature and Theology classes and film projects and film shoots, I really had no time. Now I'm on summer break, so I can wirte more. Yea! Oh, and Taken came out on DVD today! Woot! I was so happy that we got the extended torture scene! Enjoy! ******************** A few hours later, a dozing Katherine was startled awake when the door burst open, making her jump and gasp as pain shot through her left side. The goon from before came into the room and over to Katherine. \"Back so soon?\" She asked, looking up at him through one eye since the other was swollen shut. He rolled his eyes, then picked her up and flung her over his shoulder once more. Katherine growled out her pain. \"This is getting really old. Can't you at least drag me behind you? At least it won't be as painful.\" She said, pushing off his back. The guy stopped and laid her on the ground on her back. He grasped her bound hands and tugged them over her head. He then proceeded to drag her behind him as requested. \"Damn. I didn't think you'd actually do it.\" She wheezed, surprised. The man grunted as he continued to drag her. When they reached the stairs, Katherine was seriously rethinking this dragging suggestion. She thought about it for a moment, then figured she could walk herself backwards. Her feet weren't bound, so she could lift herself up and do a makeshift crab walk down the stairs. She did her crab walk and made it safely down the stairs, but let her legs relax as she was quickly reminded of the pain in her side and stomach. The guy dragged her back to he room with the computer. Trevor was standing on the far side of the room, facing away from the door, but turned when the brute dragged Katherine in. \"What the hell is this?\" Trevor asked the brute, pointing down to Katherine. \"She asked to be dragged. Literally.\" The large man answered. Trevor shook his head. \"Whatever. Just get her in the chair.\" He sighed. Katherine was lifted into the chair. \"Once again, Katherine. You better start hacking.\" Trevor said in a low, dangerous voice. \"I told you before: I. Can't. Hack.\" She sighed. \"What are you trying to do anyway?\" She asked as she looked at the monitors. Katherine noticed that each screen was a different bank. Each one waiting for a password. Her mouth dropped open as she glanced up at Trevor. \"You're robbing banks?\" She asked, skeptically. \"Put simply. Yes. There's more than that, though.\" He smirked. \"I've covered my tracks, so none of this...robbing, as you say, will be connected back to me and will lead to a dead end. How do you think I was able to buy that house you've been staying in?\" \"And where you killed my sister.\" Katherine gritted out. \"A woman you supposedly loved, who loved you in return.\" She stopped as a lump formed in her throat. \"I never loved her. She was just a means to get to you. Now get hacking unless you want to end up like her.\" Trevor growled. \"For god's sake, listen to me!\" Katherine yelled at him, then winced as her aching body complained. \"I can't hack. I don't know how.\" She said quieter. Trevor growled, then swiftly walked over to her right side and all out punched Katherine's face. She yelped as her head fell to her side. He then punched her side and kicked the chair over. Walking around her, he kicked her chest repeatedly. Silent tears were running down her face. Katherine brought her hands up to cover her chest as much as possible, protecting both herself and the tracking device. Trevor was undeterred and kept kicking her arms and chest. After a few more kicks, Katherine pretended to fall unconscious. As soon as she did, the kicking stopped. \"Take her back upstairs.\" She heard Trevor snap at the hired help. Katherine felt herself being picked up by the brute, one arm behind her knees the other behind her shoulders. She was carried out of the door, up the stairs, down the hall, and into the room she was in previously. The brute placed her on the floor, which surprised Katherine since she wasn't dropped and he left the room. Opening her eyes, she let out a painful and very wheezy sigh. Katherine thought it best to play unconscious whenever someone came to try to get her. More tears fell from her eyes from pain...and desperation. ********* An hour after hanging up with Sam, he, Casey, and Bernie were pulling into the driveway of the address Bryan provided. Bryan was waiting for them out front. \"Can you get a signal and location?\" Casey asked as he stepped out of the car. Wordlessly, Bryan nodded. As the three approached him, he turned and walked into the house, the three following him. Within minutes, they had the exact location of Katherine and were preparing to go after her. \"There are at least four very large hired guns there. There could be more around the warehouse. They're strong and won't go down easily.\" Bryan explained as they walked back out to Sam's car. \"Trevor was the only one I saw with a gun, but the others could be packing.\" The other three nodded as they got into the car and started the half and hour drive to the warehouse where Katherine was being held. \"You have a plan for when we get there, Rambo?\" Sam asked. Bryan paused before answering. \"I don't care how you do it, but you three go in, find Katherine, and keep her safe. I'll deal with Trevor.\" He said emotionlessly. No one said anything else for the rest of the drive. When they arrived at the warehouse, Sam parked far enough away from it so the car wouldn't be detected. They placed earpieces in their ears and communicators in their sleeve cuffs. They four got out and stealthily made their way to the warehouse after grabbing guns and silencers. Two men were standing guard at the front door. They were not the large men Bryan had seen before, so he motioned for Casey and Bernie to take them out. Once out, the four men entered the building cautiously. Using hand signals, Bryan instructed Sam and Casey to go look upstairs. He motioned to Bernie to take the right while Bryan took the left. Nodding, the four quietly made their way through the warehouse, taking men out whenever they saw them. When reaching the stairs in the middle of the floor, Sam and Casey sprinted up them while Bryan and Bernie split off to search the bottom floor. Bryan watched Bernie take out one of the larger guys, who was headed straight towards Bryan's hidden position. Nodding once to Bernie, Bryan came out from his spot and continued to head through the left side of the building. At the last door, he looked through the small window next to said door and saw Trevor and three computer monitors. Trevor's back was to the door, oblivious to what was taking place out of the room. Gun at the ready, Bryan quietly opened the door and stepped inside. The door gently hit the wall as he entered. \"Where's Katherine, you son of a bitch?\" Bryan growled at Trevor. He saw Trevor's back stiffen slightly before relaxing and turning to face Bryan with a wicked smirk. \"Hello Bryan. How unfortunate to see you again.\" ******************** A/N: I apologize once more. I know it's short, but the next one should be longer. I have it written, so expect it in a day or two...I'm not sure when. I've been mezmerized by/obsessed with Wolverine and Hugh Jackman lately, so I have plot bunnies popping up for an X-Men fict, too. :) So, leave a review please![Chapter 7] A/N: Here we are! I didn't lie...another one so soon. Yea! Be happy! I figured 'hey, I'm watching it right now, why not post the next chapter while I'm at it?'...so I am. And I finished writing this story, so brownie points to me. Woot! J/K. Enjoy! ******************** Meanwhile, at the top of the stairs, Sam and Casey split up. Sam took the left side, while Casey took the right. They cautiously opened doors and searched the rooms thoroughly as they quickly went down the hall. Casey was coming out of one room, while Sam went into another. From the next door on his side, Casey came face to face with one big guy. Before the man could warn any of his comrades about the intruders, Casey was able to bring his gun up and shot the larger man in between the eyes. The man fell backwards, landing with a large bang. Sam walked out of the room he was in and looked from the dead man up to Casey. \"Damn, Case, could you find a bigger guy to down? I felt the floor shake.\" Sam said with a small smirk. Casey shrugged. \"It was either him or me...and the rest of us. He was going for a walkie.\" He said quietly. They both continued down the hall. Sam was close to giving up hope when he reached the last door. Opening the door slowly, he searched he room with his gun. When his eyes landed on Katherine's slumped form in the corner, he lowered the gun and ran over to her. Lifting his arm, he spoke into the hidden mic in his sleeve. \"Casey, last door on the left. Now.\" He spoke urgently. Kneeling down next to Katherine's limp body, he scanned her with his eyes. Seeing (and hearing) that she was breathing, albeit wheezily, he gently touched her hands, calling her name. Katherine started and pulled her hands away. She snapped her eyes open (as best as she could) and was ready to move away when Sam's visage came into focus. Stilling her movements she looked up into her friend's face. \"Sam?\" She whispered. \"Hey Katherine.\" Sam replied, placing his hands on her cheeks, then seeing her wince, removed them and placed them lightly on her shoulders. \"Are you alright?\" \"Could be better.\" She answered, attempting to smile through her pain and swollen eye. Her smile then quickly dropped. \"Bryan?\" \"He's here. He's fine.\" Sam reassured, removing his hands from her shoulders. At that moment, Casey rushed into the room and paused. \"Hey Casey.\" Katherine said with a half smile that hurt. \"Hey Katherine.\" He replied with his own smile. Sam reached into his pocket and pulled out a pocketknife. \"Case, you still have that water bottle on you?\" He asked, cutting the plastic bonds from Katherine's wrists. Nodding, Casey walked over to them as he took a small bottle of water out of his cargo pocket. He handed it to Sam and Sam handed it to Katherine. \"Don't chug it. Sip it.\" Sam instructed. Katherine nodded once, then raised the bottle to her dry lips taking a few sips probably bigger than Sam would have liked. \"Bernie. Bryan. When you're done, we've got Katherine upstairs. Last door on the left.\" Casey said calmly into his mic. ********** \"Keep her safe and alert. I'm almost done here.\" Bryan replied to Casey, still keeping his gun and eyes on Trevor. \" We will Bry.\" Came Sam's reply. Bryan then focused on Trevor completely, knowing that Katherine was in the capable hands of their friends. \"What did you want with her?\" Bryan asked menacingly. \"What? Mister ex-CIA wasn't able to figure it out?\" Trevor taunted. Bryan looked at him, confused, and relaxed his stance ever so slightly. \"How did you know?\" Trevor sighed. \"That sister of hers had a big mouth. She would tell me anything because she believed that I loved her.\" \"You didn't?\" Bryan asked, becoming pissed off once more. Trevor shook his head. \"She was just a pawn to get to Katherine.\" \"Which brings us back to square one. Why did you want Katherine?\" Bryan asked again, his trigger finger getting antsy. \"If you must know, I needed her computer skills.\" He frowned suddenly. \"At least skills she should have had.\" Bryan smirked. \"I take if you needed a hacker.\" He glanced at the computer monitors, seeing a different bank with a login screen on each. It then clicked in Bryan's mind what Trevor was trying to do. Trevor frowned. \"Yes. Well, considering I don't need her any more, I think I'll give you a sending away gift. Let you watch her die in front of you.\" He smirked then pulled a walkie-talkie out of his pocket. \"Number four.\" He said into it. He waited for a moment, then frowned after not receiving an answer. \"Number four!\" He tried again. Bryan chuckled and when Trevor looked at him, he said: \"You think you're the only one with back-up?\" Trevor cursed, then reached into his jacket for his gun. He barely had his hand on it when Bryan pulled the trigger on his gun, hitting Trevor in the middle of his forehead. When Trevor fell backwards, dead, Bryan sneered at the carcass, then turned and left the room. He headed to the stairs to get Katherine home. \"I'm on my way.\" He said into the mic. ********** \"And the last of the Three Musketeers has arrived.\" Wheezed Katherine as she saw Bernie rush into the room. \"Hey girly.\" Bernie joked, then joined the rest of them. Katherine grinned at him, then looked at all of them. \"So, how'd a bunch of CIA guys like yourselves find me here?\" \"Don't you know?\" Asked Sam. When receiving a frown from Katherine, he continued. \"We're really superheroes.\" Katherine snorted. \"Oh really? And who are you?\" \"I'm Iron Man. Duh.\" Sam smirked. Katherine smiled. \"Alright.\" She rolled her head against the wall to look at Casey. \"And you?\" \"Superman.\" He said lifting his chin higher in the air. \"So that's why your girlfriends never stick around ling enough. 'Faster than a speeding bullet', eh?\" All of them laughed. Katherine subtly held onto her stomach to help lessen the pain. It was at that point that they heard Bryan say through the earpieces that he was coming up. \"Bernie?\" Katherine looked at him. \"Who are you really?\" \"The Flash.\" Katherine stared at him a moment before smirking and looking back to Casey. \"I take that comment back, Casey.\" She then looked at Bernie. \"And give it to you.\" Once again, they all laughed. \"What's Bryan's alter ego?\" She asked. The three looked at each other, trying to think of which superhero Bryan would fit into. \"Batman.\" The four looked to the door to see Bryan walking in, having eyes only for Katherine. Katherine noticed and tears started to form in her eyes. \"Oh good.\" She choked out, not noticing Sam, Casey, and Bernie stood and started to leave the room. \"He's the sexiest.\" The four men looked at her and smirked. Sam placed a hand on Bryan's shoulder when he was close enough. \"We'll be just outside the door. Make it quick though.\" Nodding, Bryan continued on to Katherine, kneeling at her side. \"I'm glad you found me.\" Katherine said as a lone tear made a trail down her cheek. \"I'm glad I told you about my tracking device.\" Bryan replied, his own voice thick with unshed tears. He leaned over and pulled Katherine into a tight, warm hug. Katherine lifted her left hand, since her right shoulder was in a lot of pain, and held onto Bryan's back. She couldn't hold her tears back any longer and let them fall as she rested her chin on Bryan's shoulder. \"I love you so much.\" She said through her tears. \"I love you, too, Kate.\" He replied, then pulled back and moved his hands to cradle her face. He then kissed her passionately, which Katherine responded to immediately. \"Are you alright?\" Bryan asked after pulling away. \"I think I should go to the hospital.\" She said, letting go of Bryan to wipe away her tears. Bryan frowned briefly before sliding one arm behind her shoulders and the other behind her knees. Lifting her up slowly, he carried her out of the room to meet up with the other three, who looked at them as they stepped out into the hall. \"Let's get out of here.\" Bryan said to them. They nodded and all of them started towards the stairs. Along the way, Katherine reached into her shirt and removed the tracking device from her bra. She placed it in Bryan's pocket. ******************** A/N: I didn't mean for Trevor's demise to be so...corny(?) predictable(?) overused(?). I think I originally had his death planned out differently in my head, but that was so long ago, that I forgot it before I got the chance to write it down. Damnit. I blame college. The superheroes thing was planned...and I just realized that Liam was in 'Batman Begins'. HA! That was so unintentional. So reviews would be much appreciated. Please? Oh, and it looks like the next chapter will be the last (maybe an epilogue, but I wouldn't count on it), so get your fill while you can.[Chapter 8] A/N: LAST CHAPTER!! Not that many have read this (if at all; I don't really look at the traffic thing...I prefer to rely on reviews, then I know how I'm doing or what I need to fix). It started out with readers, then when the movie was out of theaters, this kinda splatted against the pavement. And that makes me sad...but I kept writing. Whatever. It's written and probably a little corny, but it wasn't meant to have deep meaning/extended plot. Just something that was floating around in my head for a while. So, enjoy the last of it! ******************** Once settled in the car, Sam drove them to the nearest hospital to have Katherine admitted. While the nurses and doctors were busy with getting Katherine healthy, Bryan asked Sam to drive back to the large house to retrieve their bags and take care of Stacey's body. Bernie went with him while Casey stayed at the hospital to keep Bryan company. About forty-five minutes later, one of the doctors attending Katherine came out to the waiting area where Bryan was pacing and Casey was calmly sitting and reading Sports Illustrated. The doctor approached Bryan, who stopped pacing. \"How is she?\" Bryan asked. The doctor smiled. \"She's fine. Two broken bones. Some internal and external bruising, but she'll be alright. I'd like to keep her overnight just to keep an eye on her.\" \"Of course.\" Bryan glanced at Casey. Casey smiled, tossed the magazine down, then rose to take out his cell phone and call the other two to inform them of the results. He went outside to be some where quiet. \"Can I see her?\" Bryan asked, raising his eyebrows. \"Mmm hmm. She's been asking for you, anyway.\" The doctor smiled, then motioned for Bryan to follow him. The two walked through the halls, the doctor slightly ahead of Bryan. The doctor stopped outside the door of Katherine's room and opened the door to let Bryan in. Bryan walked in followed by the doctor, who stood at the foot of the bed while Bryan went to her head. He placed a hand on her forehead as he looked down at her. \"We had to give her a light sedative, but she should wake up soon.\" The doctor explained softly. Nodding, Bryan looked up at the doctor. \"Thank you.\" The doctor nodded. \"Stay as long as you like.\" He said before turning and leaving the room, closing the door behind him. Bryan looked at Katherine, removing his hand from her head. He sat on the bed by her hip and took her hand in between both of his, rubbing the back of it. Within minutes, Katherine took a deep breath before opening her eyes. Those eyes immediately landed on Bryan, who smiled down at her. She smiled back. Bryan leaned over her. \"Hey, baby. How're you feeling?\" He asked. \"Things still hurt, but not as much as they did.\" She replied. \"Good. They're going to keep you overnight, though, just to be safe.\" Bryan then leaned closer and kissed her soundly. \"Okay.\" She muttered after, and squeezed his hand weakly. A minute or so later, Katherine got up the courage to tell him what happened. \"...And then a few hours later Sam came into the room.\" She finished. Sighing, she looked down at their still clasped hands. \"What happened to Trevor?\" She asked. \"He's dead. You don't have to worry about him anymore.\" Bryan said flatly. Katherine glanced at him curiously. \"Did you do it?\" She asked softly. He nodded once, making Katherine nod. \"Good riddance.\" She mumbled. There was silence between the two for a few minutes. Katherine then asked what had been on her mind since it happened. \"What about Stacey?\" She asked softly. Bryan shook his head, indicating she was no longer among the living. \"Oh, god.\" Katherine whispered, feeling her eyes widen, then start to tear up. Bryan pulled her into a tight yet gentle hug. They stayed that way until they heard the door open. Turning to look, they saw Casey walk in. He smiled softly as he came to stand at the foot of the bed. \"Feeling better?\" He asked Katherine. \"Slightly.\" She answered. Casey's grin faded slightly. \"Hmm. Well, Sam and Bernie are on their way back. They're about fifteen minutes out.\" He said, knowing Katherine didn't want to talk about what was bothering her. Sure enough, fifteen minutes later, Sam and Bernie walked in carrying Bryan's and Katherine's belongings. Sam and Bernie spoke to Katherine, distracting her from Bryan while he dug through his bag. He was looking for the small velvet box her had kept hidden from Katherine in his bedside table drawer for weeks. When he had it, he motioned for Sam, Casey, and Bernie to move away from the bed. Bryan sat down on the bed near Katherine's waist once more. He glanced over his shoulder to smirk at his friends before turning back to grin at Katherine. \"I know this probably isn't the best time to ask and I'm sure you would've expected it some other way, but I've been waiting too long to wait much longer.\" Bryan said. Katherine gave him a confused look. He held the box out in front of him and opened it towards Katherine. She looked at the diamond engagement ring sparkling up at her and gasped. \"Oh, my god. Bryan.\" She said breathlessly. Bryan grinned as he took the ring out of the box and held it at Katherine's left ring finger. \"Katherine Flannigan, will you marry me?\" He asked softly. \"Oh, Bryan...of course!\" She answered just as softly. Bryan slid the ring on her finger, then wrapped her in his arms. Katherine wrapped her own arms around his neck. They then kissed. The Three Musketeers (as Katherine dubbed them) watched the proposal from the end of Katherine's bed. They were all smiling and trying not to laugh. \"Hey. You guys smell that?\" Casey asked, sniffing the air dramatically. Sam and Bernie looked at him quizzically. Bryan and Katherine broke their kiss to glance over at Casey as well. \"Smells like wedding party time!\" ******************** A/N: FIN! For anyone who read, thanks. For anyone who reviewed, thank you muchly. For anyone who put this on their alerts/favorites(?), thank you. Hope you enjoyed it while you could! ","Summary":" A/N: Hello there! Glad you found this fict! I saw Taken twice (so far) and I really loved Liam Nees"},{"Movie":"Arthur Christmas","Title":"Arthur Christmas: Scrooged!","Author":"disneylover3212008","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7593118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Arthur Christmas: Scrooged Chapter 1: Christmas Lights Christmas 12:03 A.M. Chicago, Illinois United States of America Bryony sat in her chair on the upper deck of the EVIE sipping her hot chocolate. This was her one night out of the Gift-wrapping Battalion and she made a point to enjoy it. The huge red chair next to her was empty as per usual, since Santa always made a point of trying to deliver as many of the gifts as he could personally. Well, Santa was better known to her and the rest as Arthur. In fact, most of the time she forgot to call him by his proper title- not that he minded. Arthur wanted none of the elves to think of him any differently than they did before he took the job. Everyone looked him differently though, because now they had all seen his heart. Arthur was Christmas Spirit embodied. He was- \"Bryony!\" one of the elves from below barked over the speaker in the dashboard. She sighed and clicked the intercom button. \"What mess has he got himself wrapped up in this time?\" \"We were lifting him out when he got himself strung in some Christmas lights over the street.\" That sure sounded like Arthur. She had forgotten one important detail- he was as clumsy as could be. She set her hot chocolate on the dashboard (which she technically wasn't supposed to do, but tosh) and rose out of her chair. Ever since the first- Saint Nicholas- an elf was chosen to travel with Santa and provide him with any assistance he needed. Even though now there was an army all going at once Arthur still had to choose one to be his assistant- oh wait- he insisted it was called equal now. Of course he had chose Bryony after their adventure three years ago. So on Christmas Eve she got to fly with Arthur and essentially bail him out whenever he got in trouble- which happened at least once a year… at least. \"Tell him I'll be down in a minute.\" She ran back to the elevator, swiftly descending to the drop-zone. He was lucky his brother back in Mission Control, Steve, had allowed time for this sort of thing to happen. She was clicked into a harness and vaulted out of the EVIE down into Chicago ready to help Arthur out yet again. Christmas 12:07 A.M. Streets of Chicago \" Silent night, holy- \"Molly flipped the radio off in annoyance. There had been far too much Christmas music playing for the past two months and she was officially sick of it. She was sick of the whole season in general. Though she never had been one for cheer around the holidays. Her car cruised through the city and she couldn't help but note how quiet everything was for Chicago. No cars were on the streets, no one was outside, and it even somehow seemed darker than usual. But perhaps it was just the lack of sleep talking. Molly thought back over her week and realized her hours of sleep had been made up entirely of short naps. But she had to close out the case if she was getting that promotion come January. Being a partner at a law firm had been her only goal in life since she got herself straightened out and into college. So she was the girl who worked through Christmas Eve and into Christmas in her empty office to get the job done. Molly suddenly noticed something peculiar about one of the rows of tacky lights hanging above the street and for some reason felt compelled to pull her car over. She stepped out- her heeled boots sinking into the snow as she clutched her purple coat tightly around her. At least she had her hat and earmuff on. It was freezing! She again looked at the lights and noticed what was odd- there was a person dangling from them. \"Hello,\" she shouted up. There was a squeak of alarm as the person realized she was there and tried to… hide himself? \"I can see you, you know?\" \"Just ignore me. Go about your evening,\" a very high and excited voice came from above. \"Listen, I've had a real long day and want to go home to sleep. But I'm not going to leave some guy in a string of lights. How'd you even get up there?\" \"Someone will be coming along very shortly to handle the situation. Go home and have a Happy Christmas!\" The sheer amount of joy in his voice left Molly considering driving off, but she held her ground. \"Let me call the police.\" She pulled out her ever present i-Phone. \"No!\" Then came a snap and the lights were sent tumbling to the ground, Molly herself being crushed by the person in the process. As he rose to his feet she finally got a good look at him. He was a very tall gentleman in a red jacket with red pants and big black boots. He had a quite large nose and scruffy brown hair. \"Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.\" He pulled Molly to her feet and dusted the snow off her. \"Are you okay?\" \"Peachy. Well, now that you're down I'd best get going.\" She turned and started back for her car. \"What's your name?\" She turned back to look at him as he smiled- exposing a gap in his teeth. \"I'm Arthur.\" \"Molly Scrooge.\" And then he started giggling uncontrollably. \"Ha ha, what is this elementary school all over again?\"Molly, I bet Jacob Marley's coming for you tonight!' \"Molly, how's Tiny Tim?' 'Oh, Molly that's the reason you hate Christmas!'\" His laughter stopped abruptly. \"You… hate Christmas?\" The level of hurt in his voice cut her for a moment, but then she shook it off. Why did she care? Why was she even here still talking to this guy? Obviously something was wrong with him if he was strung up there. \"Save me the speech. Good-night,\" she said in her clipped lawyer voice as she climbed into her car. \"Okay. I hope I see you again!\" \"I doubt it,\" she huffed under her breath as she drove off back towards her apartment- realizing how cold and wet she was. Just chalk that experience up to why Christmas was such a horrible holiday. Christmas 12:11 A.M. Arthur let out a huge sigh the moment her car was out of sight. He believed he might have done it. She probably had no clue who he was. Steve would have been so mad at him if he blew it. Think of all the children he would have disappointed! Still, Arthur couldn't help but feel sorry for the girl he had just met. She seemed to be a very unhappy person who didn't really have anyone to care about her. How else could she hate Christmas? But maybe he was reading too much into the situation… or her name. Molly Scrooge. That was a pretty funny one. \"Arthur- Santa are you okay?\" Bryony called as she dropped down behind him. She took in the lights. \"I'd better get those fixed and then we need to get moving. We still have a long night ahead of us.\" She quickly leaped into action and re-secured the lights before handing Arthur his hat. \"It looks like this was still caught on them.\" \"Thank you so much. I'd be lost without you Bryony.\" He placed the hat on his head. He didn't look much like a Santa yet. In fact, his attempt at growing a beard had failed so far. But hopefully someday he'd look the part. \"And you can still call me Arthur.\" \"Right. Now come along. We have to get you up.\" Arthur nodded but noticed something on the ground in the snow. He picked up a crushed phone and realized Molly must have dropped it when he fell on her. This was his fault. \"Everything okay?\" \"Yeah.\" He pocketed the phone and smiled. He'd just have to replace it and bring her a new one. It was only the right thing to do. It seemed like this was very important to her- almost like Steve. He ran over to Bryony and grabbed the rope as the two were lifted back into the EVIE. As they flew above Chicago he noticed a very lonely car driving along the street. How could someone hate Christmas- the happiest time of the year? Maybe she had a letter buried away in the archives he could look up. Arthur didn't know why but he was finding himself to very curious about this girl who went by the name of Molly Scrooge- which was still a pretty funny name in his opinion.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Family Christmas 5:30 A.M. North Pole Arthur stood in front of the podium as the entire population of elves stood cheering and clapping. Bryony was on his right with a very calm Steve and his parents and Grandsanta were smiling proudly on his left. He had successfully completed his third year as Santa and not a child had been left behind- he had checked and double-checked. Everything seemed happier and merrier down in the North Pole- especially his family. They had even beaten him at their traditional after-dinner board game- Steve singing all of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer backwards! Afterwards he managed to catch up to his brother as he left to turn in for the night. \"Steve! Steve!\" \"Shut the door Arthur.\" He was always forgetting that! He closed the door and skidded next to his brother. \"You did a superb job tonight. Dad's beyond proud of you… and I am too.\" Steve placed a hand on his brother's shoulder and Arthur smiled. \"I couldn't have done it without you though. You were just as good if not even better. You'll always make a good candle.\" His face fell. \"But I wanted to apologize for the incident in Chicago-\" \"Arthur, don't worry about it. Remember, we accounted for this sort of thing. It can't be helped sometimes. Even Dad got into mishaps sometimes.\" \"I know. I'm just trying to be the best Santa the kids can have.\" \"Well, you've taught one thing. That isn't in getting through the night perfectly. It's in making sure all the Gwen's receive their bikes.\" \"You remembered her name!\" \"Of course I did. Now I best start prep for next year. I'm sure you'll do even better- especially with Bryony. She's probably the best Elf Assistant a Santa's had.\" \"Trust me, I know.\" Steve began to walk towards his room when Arthur remembered his other reason for going after his brother. \"Steve! I put your Christmas present in your room! You're going to love it!\" \"I'm sure I will. Thank you Arthur.\" And with that his brother vanished around the corner. Arthur decided it would probably be best to rest a little and then set about getting Molly the present he owed her. Maybe he could cheer her up a little. \"I don't think I've ever seen him happier.\" Arthur smiled as his mom materialized next to him. \"Or your father for that matter. He wrapped my Christmas present himself this year- online gift-wrapping course. Today's the seventy-fifth anniversary of the day we met, you know.\" \"That's right. He fell out of the sleigh one year just a few before he took over from Grandsanta.\" \"He fell right into my back-yard. I lived with my parents and we were hosting our usual extravagant Christmas celebration. I was always in love with Christmas. Well, I look out the window and see this man in the snow. I went to run out to him, but then I saw it. The sleigh came back for him as I silently watched from my window. I ran down as he climbed back in and looked at me. That was all it took. I knew I was going to marry Santa. At noon that Christmas Day the sleigh returned and he was alone. He asked me to come with him to the North Pole. My parents gave their blessing and I never looked back.\" \"Why'd you go Mom? You gave up everything to follow a man who might be Santa to what might be the North Pole.\" \"I can't really explain it to you Arthur. Some part of me just knew. You'll know one day when fate lands you in the back-yard of some special girl. Then I can finally get some grand-children.\" Arthur felt himself blush as his mother laughed. \"How do I know I'll find her?\" \"You will. Destiny has a way picking the moments. She's out in the world right now- full of as much Christmas spirit and cheer and love as you are.\" Christmas 6:30 A.M. Chicago Apartment Molly had officially decided sleep was far too over-rated. She had managed to catch up on a few hours before deciding it was much more important to finish up her work. She had been on her third cup of coffee for the day when there was a knocking at her door. It was her neighbors from across the hall. They always invited her to come to their huge family dinner- well aware she spent the holiday locked up in her apartment with client folders and testimonies. She always politely refused but there was no guaranteeing her mood today so she thought better than to risk it. Instead she let them leave thinking she may finally have found someone to be with for Christmas. Not that she had anyone. She hadn't even considered contacting her brother for a good amount of years and didn't even want to consider the complicated mess that was her parents. She tried to keep herself distant from her colleagues and had no activities outside of work that could earn her friends. All she had and all she needed was her work. She ran her hands through her long, curly red hair in frustration and prepared her forth cup. She felt her mind again drift to the stranger on the lights. How had he gotten up there in the first place? Why was he up there? Why was she still thinking about him? He was probably a petty thief trying to break in. She should've called the police. Her phone! She realized in that moment she had dropped it in the snow when the idiot had fallen on top of her. That phone had everything on it. She quickly threw on her clothes and drove out to the place. She couldn't help but be confused as she exited. It was like the whole thing had never happened- no prints, the lights were strung as they were before, and her phone was nowhere in sight. What was going on? Christmas 3:40 P.M. Mail Room, North Pole Arthur dug his way through the folders upon folders in the enormous file drawer opened in front of him. After a long rest he had set about asking an elf for a new model of the phone he had broken. Now he had to find her. The letters were stored for years until new room had to be made so there was only a small chance she was still in here. Scrooge, Molly! Luck was on his side! He pulled out a thin folder and smiled at the photo of a child paper-clipped to the front. She was adorable when she was little. He opened the folder to find a single letter. That was odd. Usually a child logged at least seven before they grew too old to write. He felt bad invading her personal life but couldn't stop himself from reading the lone letter. Dear Santa, It has been a pretty tough year for Michael and me. He insists it's pointless to write to you since you're not real but I know he has to be wrong. I also know only you can help me with my Christmas wish this year. They took Mommy and Daddy away from us and put us with Aunt Molly. She doesn't like us and smells funny. Michael says we can't go home though because of what happened. But I know you can get us home. You can do anything. I believe in you Santa. Molly Scrooge P.S. If I get a second wish, change my last name. I get picked on a lot for it. A wish Santa could never grant. Arthur had handled a few of these back in his mail room days and had tried to explain the situation with the most delicate care imaginable. He wondered if Molly was treated the same way. He thought he couldn't feel sadder for her but now his heart went out for her even more. Was this the point she began to hate Christmas? Arthur looked up her current address and scribbled it down. Not only was he determined to make up for the phone, but now he was going to see if he could bring a little cheer back into her Christmas Day. Everyone deserved feel like people cared about them on Christmas- especially Santa.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: A Visit Christmas 6:00 P.M. North Pole \"Arthur, I think we're breaking at least seven different codes by doing this,\" Bryony whispered under her breath as they crept through the basement of the North Pole. \"It's not like last time. It's daylight, it's a city, and she's not even a child.\" \"I owe it to her. I did crash land on top of her and ruin her Christmas.\" \"But from what you told me she already hates Christmas. This isn't going to change that. It's only going to blow our cover and Steve is not going to be very happy with us.\" They finally reached a door that led to the very back of the EVIE. \"If he built it he probably believed we'd use it at some point.\" In the cargo of the EVIE Steve had built and housed the Spirit- an exact replica of the old sleigh Arthur and Grandsanta had crashed with a few technical updates. \"Now go get the reindeer, please. If we hurry we can make it back before anyone knows we're gone.\" \"I have a feeling with you it won't be that simple,\" Bryony smiled and the two laughed. She then looked at him for a long moment before nodding and taking off to fetch a few of the reindeer. She may not have completely understood his motives, but Bryony knew his heart was always in the right place. It couldn't do any real harm, could it? Christmas 6:23 P.M. Lucky Joe's Sports Bar Molly considered herself lucky that she found an open bar- but then again theoretically it shouldn't have been hard in as big of a city as Chicago. She convinced herself to have a few drinks to take the edge off of her buzzing mind. The case seemed to be at a grinding halt that frustrated her beyond belief. So, now she felt a completely different buzz. Apparently so much so the bartender cut her off and urged her to find a ride home because she wasn't getting her keys back anytime soon. So Molly stumbled out into the snow and remembered she had no phone and more importantly nobody to call. Everyone was probably off with their shams of a family trying to act like they could all stand being with one another for a meal. Wow, she was bitter when she was drunk. Like even more bitter than usual. She wasn't exactly sure how far it was before she fell into the snow. \"Molly?\" a voice registered in her head. She slowly turned to see one of the guys from her office helping her to her feet. \"What- are you okay?\" What was his name again? Sam? Stuart? \"I'd better get you home.\" He practically started dragging her the other way. \"Wait, how do you know where I live?\" \"I'm in human resources. It's my job.\" She was pretty sure it wasn't, but hey she was drunk. He had to guide her like a sheepdog down the sidewalk until they reached the building- at least it looked like her building. \"You'd better give me your key and I'll take you inside and put you to bed.\" Now, in retrospect, that should have been a huge red flag. Like the size of Canada big. But of course she handed him the keys. Luckily, that's when someone spotted them from the alcove and stepped out into the light. It was him. And her entire day came screeching back. 7:28 P.M. Streets of Chicago She hadn't been home when Arthur rang her so he had decided to wait for her to come home. It seemed polite. So Bryony was around the back trying to keep the reindeer under control and out of sight. She hadn't been so keen on the idea. \"I could just go in through her window and leave it for her. No sense in waiting around.\" But Arthur wanted to do it in person- see her again. He hadn't exactly been able to explain why though. That was the odd part. She came a while later with a guy and handed him some keys. She almost seemed like Grandsanta the year he decided to see how much eggnog he could chug in one sitting. When she saw him though it was like a sudden jolt echoed through her and in that moment he saw the girl he had landed on. She reclaimed her keys and the guy left giving Arthur an odd look. \"What're you doing here? Shouldn't you be up on the roof or something?\" \"I actually came to give you this,\" he smiled, holding a Bryony wrapped box out in front of him. \"Merry Christmas!\" She merely glared at him. \"Why would I- I don't know you!\" she shouted, blowing past him and opening the door. He quickly followed after her until she reached a door and whirled around on him. \"I will call the police!\" \"Please, it's to make up for the phone I broke this morning. Just… please… everyone deserves to be happy on Christmas.\" She finally snatched the box and opened it, tossing the wrapping aside without a glance at the bow. She observed the phone a moment before looking at him again quizzically. \"Who are you? \" \"I'm Arthur, remember,\" he said genuinely. He knew well enough that he couldn't just divulge everything to this girl. She was about to say something when her face contorted. Molly threw open her door and ran inside, Arthur following as she got sick in the sink. When she was finished she threw off her coat and hat, her red hair falling around her face. \"Your hair used to be black?\" \"Excuse me?\" \"When you were little, your hair was black,\" he commented remembering the picture on the file. \"I don't know why you changed it. It looked really nice.\" Why couldn't he get himself to stop talking? Her look was telling him this wasn't his place to step into- he'd seen it so many times before at the North Pole. \"I should get home. I hope you enjoy your present.\" He walked towards the open door when she collapsed behind the counter. He was beside her in an instant trying to shake her awake. She wasn't moving. Arthur clumsily dragged her towards the bedroom and pulled her up one her bed making sure to tuck her in. She probably just needed some sleep. Maybe she was sick? He couldn't just leave her then. He opened the window and Bryony swiftly ascended. She hated the idea. So he decided to do what he had to do- get it cleared it by his brother. He pulled out his HOHO and promptly dialed Steve. \"Arthur, where are you? Why in your right mind did you take the SPIRIT and-\" \"Steve, it's okay.\" \"You can't just vanish on Christmas. One minute Mom says you're talking to her and then-\" \"Steve! I had to deliver a personal present to a friend I met in Chicago. She helped me get out of the lights.\" \"You were seen?\" \"She has no clue. But I broke her phone and came to replace it. But now she's sick so I'm staying the night. She's got no one Steve. And I'm not alone. Bryony's here!\" He could hear his brother sigh. He understood Arthur more than anyone- maybe not agreed with him- but he always understood where he was coming from. And it was usually an unselfish place. \"Keep me updated. Don't tell her anything!\" \"Thank you Steve! Good night!\" \"Good night Arthur. And thank you for the present. I love it.\" \"Ah, it was nothing.\" He hung up and noted Bryony was already backing out the window. At least she was here. He knew that was a major factor in convincing his brother he wouldn't get into trouble. He peeked into her room and saw Molly sleeping peacefully. He pulled the letter out of his coat pocket. He almost couldn't find the girl who had written this letter so many years ago. There wasn't a decoration in her house, only the bare necessities and papers everywhere. It barely looked lived in. So Arthur perched himself on the couch and for the first time in a real long time Molly Scrooge wasn't alone on Christmas.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Coffee December 26 th 11:51 A.M. Chicago Apartment The first thing that hit her was the headache. Dear God! It was like someone just decided to take an axe to her skull a couple dozen times. She slowly sat up in her bed and realized the second thing. She was fully dressed- high heels and everything. Third was a horrible taste that was in her mouth. She managed to catch her reflection in the mirror across the room and saw her eyes were red and her hair looked tangled and stuck out at odd angles. Her clothes were wrinkled and… she couldn't remember anything. Where last night should be in her memory there was just a huge blank space. And it hurt her head to even think about it. CLANG! She was on her feet in an instant, teetering a moment on her heels. She could clearly hear footsteps coming from the kitchen. Someone was definitely in her apartment. According to her non-recollection no one should be. She quickly grabbed an empty flowerpot off her dresser (she never had time or effort to actually put flowers in). CLANG! Whoever they were, they were very poor thieves. Molly cracked the door open a bit and looked to see a figure going through pans in the kitchen. She crept across the floor on her tip-toes until she was right behind him. BAM! The vase shattered as she brought it down on his head with all her might. The man fell to the floor sending flour all over her kitchen floor. She saw a phone in a box on the counter by her hat and coat and quickly snatched it. \"Hello, I'm in my apartment and-\"She smelled something burning. There were eggs on her stove. He has been… cooking? He broke into her apartment to cook? The man groaned and turned so that she could get a better look at him. \"You!\" It was the person from the lights… Arnold? \"That really hurt. I'm sorry if I scared you, but you were sick last night. I was just making you breakfast. It looks like you're feeling better though.\" He looked completely sincere. He was completely sincere. She just knew he wasn't the type to lie- something about him just seemed… sincere and genuine. She hung up the phone and placed it on the counter. It wasn't her phone- it looked brand new and much fancier than her old model. \"Do you like your present?\" Oh that's right. It was the day after Christmas. Well, that explained the hangover. \"I need caffeine,\" she muttered. She felt his eyes on her as she walked back towards the bedroom. \"Give me twenty minutes.\" \"You want me to come with?\" \"Why not? I'll even treat.\" She'd never know why she gave that answer to the complete stranger in her kitchen, but she was glad she did. \"You don't seem like a serial killer.\" 12:43 P.M. Brookside Coffee Shop Arthur sat enjoying his hot chocolate (with peppermint!) while Molly sat across from him drinking her fourth cup, head in her hands. He could understand since he had a bit of a headache too at the moment. It was his fault for scaring her though so he'd made sure he cleaned up the vase while she was getting ready. It only seemed polite after all. \"So… who the hell are you?\" she asked after what had been a long silence. \"So far I've met you in some lights, in front of my apartment, and in my kitchen. It's almost a little creepy when I reflect on it.\" Oh, this wasn't good. He remembered Steve's one warning and though he hated it Arthur knew he would have to lie. \"I asked around where you live. I felt real bad about the phone and knew I had to replace it.\" It was mostly true. He could tell she wasn't buying it though. \"So you had nothing better to do on Christmas, a holiday you seem to really like-\" \"It's my absolute favorite! There's no better time of the year where I come from!\" \"Right. So you had nothing better to do than buy a phone by finding a shop that was open and then track down and deliver it to a complete stranger. Yeah, I'm buying what you're selling.\" \"I'm not selling-\" \"It was a metaphor!\" she snapped. She seemed to be in a very angry mood today- maybe she was still a little sick. \"You weren't with your family?\" \"Oh, I was most of the day. We celebrate really early and then… enjoy the rest of our day. My family is very… big on celebrating Christmas. One could say it's the busiest day of our year.\" \"Where are you from?\" \"A little north of here,\" he said quickly, proud at how well he was doing. \"It wasn't that long of a ride at all. It was no trouble. And then I saw you were sick, so-\" \"I got it. I got it. You must be a regular goody-two-shoes. You have a drunken girl on your hands who lets you into her apartment and you just tuck her in and hang out on the couch? No one I know from here would do that.\" \"What was I supposed to do? No one should be alone on Christmas.\" \"I swear if you mention that holiday one more time I might just stab you with a bendy straw from over there. It's over. It's past. Take down the decorations and move on. Why are you looking at me like that?\" \"I just… I feel bad for you. You don't see the magic.\" \"I don't see why it's so magical. What makes it that way?\" she rose. \"I stopped believing a long time ago.\" She threw her cup out and started out the door- Arthur rushing to follow her. \"Now if you excuse me I have a case to work on.\" \"You're a lawyer right?\" \"Indeed I am- well on my way to becoming partner next month.\" \"Congratulations!\" \"What do you do?\" He ground to a halt and she looked back. Oh no. What should he say? What should he say? What would Steve say? \"I… work in the family business. It's a factory and delivery service… we're pretty popular.\" \"What's it called?\" \"Well… it's… you see… I-I look at the time,\" he stumbled gesturing to a clock above them. \"I actually have to get back. Let's get you home and then I can go.\" She was staring at him. This wasn't good. Had she figured it out? \"I can walk home on my own,\" she mustered after a long pause, holding her head. She probably wasn't thinking about it too much since her head hurt. \"I left my vehicle that way though.\" They walked for a bit in uncomfortable silence. \"So who was that friend of yours you were with last night?\" he asked, desperately trying to change the subject. \"Considering my state last night he was probably just some guy who did know what to do with a girl whose apartment he did manage to get into. You must have scared him off.\" \"No, you seemed to do that yourself.\" She shot him a glare and he couldn't help but laugh. \"You really do pull off a Scrooge look sometimes.\" \"Well, it's probably for the best he left. I'm sure I didn't know him though.\" They reached her apartment and she ascended the steps. \"I don't have any friends.\" What? \"You don't have any friends?\" Arthur asked in disbelief. She was even lonelier than he could have imagined. This just wouldn't do. This wouldn't do at all. She merely shrugged and started in the door. \"I'm your friend!\" he shouted after her. She stopped and he smiled. \"You don't want to be my friend.\" Arthur knew that couldn't possibly be true. He'd have to prove her wrong and try to bring some magic back into her life. It was his job to make everyone happy after all. He shook his head. \"I'll come back and visit sometime,\" he promised. It'd be hard to sneak away again, but the entire North Pole took January off so there had to be a few opportunities he could visit. \"We'll see about that Arthur.\" With that she was gone. He made sure she was out of sight before going around to the alley where Bryony was asleep in the sleigh. He climbed in and took off carefully a huge smile plastered on his face. For some reason, when she said his name it made him feel like… like something he couldn't describe. He only hoped he could be a good friend to her and help her believe again- just like her letter said.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Friends January 7 th , 3:53 P.M. Chicago Law Firm Molly took a deep breath as she placed the folder on her boss' desk. This was it- the moment that would make or break her. She had gone over it hundreds of times and could practically recite it from memory. But everything she could do had been done and now she just had to let her boss review it and see how everything worked out. As she slumped into her office chair she couldn't help but feel powerless and there was no feeling she hated more. Technically, she was free to go home but Molly had every intention of waiting until her boss got back to her. She'd wait days if she had to. There was plenty of work to be done since she was behind thanks to that case. Pulling a file out of her briefcase she heard knocking on the door to her office. Her boss? She fixed her hair and adjusted her posture. \"Come in sir.\" It wasn't her boss. Arthur peeked his head in and smiled at her. \"Well, someone's trying to seem impressive,\" he joked, walking in and placing a tray of cookies on her desk. \"Another one? January must not be very busy in your factory.\" This was Arthur's eighth visit or so since the day after Christmas. He was very true to his word so she definitely had the feeling he wasn't from Chicago. A lot of things were a question mark about him, and though he was no master of deflection he did somehow avoid the questions very time. So the question always hovered over her of how she could let this guy who just seemed to know where her office was and spouted about nothing more than holiday cheer after the holidays become part of her life. She would never admit it but maybe some part of her enjoyed having him around. He would just talk with her or sometimes even just stop by with some cookies and leave if he could see she was busy. He never pushed, he never made her uncomfortable, and he never minded that she practically kept him a state secret to everyone. Who knew what they would say about the guy who was in her apartment one morning? The judgment would be awful! \"No, I have January off. And I baked them myself. Did you drop the case off?\" \"Yes, and now I am going to sit here, try to avoid those cookies, and work until I get the news.\" He frowned. \"What? I just don't want to get fat.\" \"You work far too much. Come on. We're going ice-skating,\" he commented. Molly felt herself laugh. \"I'm afraid I'm not taking no for an answer.\" He grabbed her wrist- this surprised her since they usually had a hands-off policy- and started pulling her towards the door. \"You deserve to do something fun!\" \"This isn't going to be fun!\" she retorted, desperately trying to drag her feet. They reached the front of the office he placed her hat on her head and started leading her down the street. Okay, she was lying before. She hated Arthur in his life with the endless joy and the present circumstances had nothing to do with her opinion! January 7 th , 4:24 P.M. Ice Arena Arthur offered to help her onto the ice, but naturally she refused. It was weird- she acted like a complete Grinch most of the time but at some moments he could swear he saw a tiny bit of someone completely different peek through. This, however, was not one of those times. He knew the decision to go ice-skating wouldn't be met with much enthusiasm, but she was being ridiculous. Probably as ridiculous as he was for his constant visits to some girl in Chicago. Not that it was a problem at the moment. Everyone was simply relaxing and enjoying their month off before getting back into production. Things would get tricky later. But for now he just enjoyed trying to peel away the many layers of Grinch wrapping paper that surrounded Molly Scrooge. She tentatively skated onto the ice- ignoring his attempts to help her. Even though she seemed opposed to the idea she had put on the skates herself. Part of her wanted to be here. She grasped the railing for dear life as she teetered and that caused her to send him a glare when he laughed. He skated around the rink a few times and she was always where he left her. \"Come on!\" he shouted, turning around and facing her as he passed. That was a bad idea. He promptly lost his balance and was sent teetering to the ground. As he laid face-down on the ice, sprawled out like the klutz he was, he heard the greatest sound he'd probably ever heard. He picked his head up to see Molly. She… she was laughing. She was on her knees laughing so hard she had tears coming down her face. He couldn't help but laugh as well at how funny she seemed to find the situation. Just like that, another layer of wrapping paper was thrown in the trash and Arthur was liking what was underneath so far. January 8 th 4:44 P.M. North Pole Bryony knew she deserved a raise as Steve approached her. Arthur had taken the SPIRIT yet again to visit that girl in Chicago he seemed determined to crack. Bryony was convinced the girl was so messed up and mean-spirited not even the Nutcracker himself could. But of course that never stopped Arthur from trying, she knew that. She had gone with him for the first four trips, but when they got back that time Steve had questioned their disappearance. Bryony had managed to cover but since then she had stayed behind to make sure everything went un-noticed by the Christmas family. \"He's out playing some reindeer games, sir.\" Steve merely nodded and started back in the other direction. It was easy to come up with excuses now but soon she would be back in the Gift-wrap Battalion and Arthur would have actual things he had to accomplish. She hoped he gave up on the human before they really dug themselves in deep. January 8 th , 6:10 P.M. Chicago Apartment Molly was simply mortified. It had taken a good five minutes before she stopped laughing so hard her sides hurt, ten before she could close her mouth, and thirty before the giggling stopped. It wasn't even all that funny. She blamed the stress. She'd finally cracked. Deep down though she seemed to realize how much she had needed that laugh and it had been so long since she had a good laugh that it caused that grotesque reaction. He hadn't said anything though- he'd just laughed right with her. She could tell he didn't judge her for laughing at his expense. He seemed to find it just as funny as she had. He sat now on her couch with an ice pack on his black-and-blue knee as she made herself a coffee and him his usual hot chocolate. He had tried the coffee out only to spit it out into her face. That one she hadn't found funny at all, but boy did he. As she set the cups down her phone started blaring \"Last Christmas\". It was the built-in ringtone and she had every intention of changing it when she got the first opportunity. She glanced at the screen: her boss. She felt her eyes go to Arthur and he just gave simple nod. Why was she being such a baby? She answered it. The conversation was a blur. She couldn't even recall the answers she gave or the wording she used. But as she hung up a triumphant smile crossed her face. \"I made partner! I did it!\" Arthur was on his feet with a loud whoop and she hugged him. A few moments into it she realized what exactly she was doing. She pulled away like she'd been burned and cleared her throat. But the damage was done- she could see it on his dopey face. Arthur knew she wasn't an Ice Queen- she could laugh and gave hugs! She'd be kicking herself for this one for a while. He'd probably chalk it up to brining Christmas spirit into her life. But even after he left she couldn't help but think that before he came into her life she hadn't hugged anybody since she was a kid. Maybe… no… it had been a small weakness. Arthur was NOT changing her. She refused to believe it, even though part of her refused to let go of the idea that it may be true.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Significant Others February 7 th , 10:32 A.M. Chicago Law Firm Molly's new office door opened and her head shot up. Stuart walked in and she felt her heart drop a little. He gave her a smile and a wave that she returned before going back to the file in front of her. Stuart worked in Human Resources and had taken to pestering her since she had received her promotion. He would just stop in with flowers and it was really starting to grow annoying. \"Listen, Molly I was wondering if-\" \"No.\" \"But-\" She lifted her head and met his eyes. \"No. I'm not interested.\" He merely nodded and started for the door. \"There's not another guy is there?\" \"Absolutely not,\" she answered and he left without another word. She scribbled notes for a minute before her eyes fell to the tray of empty cookies next to her desk. He had brought them the day she got her new office- seventeen days ago. He hadn't been by since. Not that Molly had noticed of course. She had been very busy now that she had become partner. She almost regretted having no information about him- no number, no address, no clue what factory he worked at. What if something happened? Again she had to remind herself that she didn't care. She was better off without his annoying self in her office talking about Christmas. Now was the time to focus on work. That didn't stop her head from shooting up when the door opened or her face from falling when it was only one of her fellow partners. February 7 th , 10:32 A.M. North Pole Arthur had missed visiting Molly, honestly and truly he did. But he knew there wasn't a moment to slip away in the beginning of the new season. In one day he had wrapping paper approval meetings, chronicling the naughty and nice list, reindeer games, visiting the elves to keep their spirits up and promote a lucky few, and the letters were starting to pile up for him to read and respond too. He promised himself the moment he got a free moment he would be on the SPIRIT and in Chicago. He was sure she didn't care however. He was sure he had un-wrapped the present when she hugged him, but if anything she had added more paper around her since then. He had to face it, she didn't want him around. That wasn't going to stop him from trying to make her happy though. As soon as he got a free moment- not a second later. March 9 th , 10:51 P.M. Chicago Law Firm Molly'sphone went off and she rushed to it, seeing it was a number she didn't recognize. \"Arthur?\" she asked, picking it up. \"No, this is Stuart. I-\"she hung up. How did he even get her number? Sure he was Human Resources, but that didn't mean he could use his job to stalk her. She slammed her phone on the counter before realizing how angry she was getting over something so completely stupid. It wasn't rational at all. Then again neither was vanishing off the face of the earth for a month and nineteen days- oh my god. If she was in therapy this would probably have been labeled a break-through into why she had been so pissed at the world lately. He had completely vanished. There was no note, no call- he could being lying in a ditch dead for all she knew. Not that she- you know what, screw that! Let's face the facts: she had cared and seen him as the only friend she had. She maybe even had come to depend on him and trust him to the point that she felt comfortable enough to let her guard down. She almost had started to believe he was different than everyone else in her life and wouldn't hurt her. Well, she certainly had a steep learning curve. So now she was angry- angry at him for becoming her friend only to dump her and herself for allowing him to that leaving an imprint on her feelings. Arthur Christmas had gotten under her skin. She hated him for it. She hated herself for it. Why hadn't she learned her lesson by now- letting people in only hurts her? She had been starting to believe maybe just a tiny bit, but now she had accepted the truth. She was better off alone. But she didn't want to be anymore. March 10 th 9:16 A.M. North Pole Today was the day. Arthur had gotten all of today's items done yesterday and should be free and clear to visit Molly. Bryony knew what to do in case someone came asking for him and he had a plate of fresh gingerbread men in his hand. He felt really bad at taking this long. She was probably worried sick about him. Or maybe she had forgotten about him and moved on with her new job of being partner. She had said it would mean more work- something Arthur wasn't too fond of. Molly Scrooge did more than enough work. \"Arthur!\" He froze in his spot and turned to see his mother coming out of the kitchen. \"Remember to close the door! Where are you off to with those cookies?\" \"I'm… a gift for Bryony and the Gift Wrap Battalion.\" His mother smiled. \"Oh Arthur, the elves haven't been happier since you took the job. I mean you know every one of them by name, ask about their families… you're doing an excellent job.\" \"Thanks Mom. Now I'd-\" \"But I couldn't help but notice you've been a bit… down since we went back into production.\" That was his mom- she caught everything. \"I think I know what this is about so I have something I want to show you. Come on, we pass the Gift Wrapping Battalion on the way.\" Bryony loved the cookies and instantly caught on- Arthur saw her hide them under her workbench after they left. His mom led him into the record room and handed him a huge folder. \"I think you've been lonely Arthur. So I did some digging and I think I might have found the perfect girl.\" His head shot up and a blush rose. \"M-Mom, I… well… I couldn't-\" \"Just take a look.\" He looked at the folder to see the name Abby Festivus accompanied by a blonde girl with bright blue eyes smiling. He opened it to see she had sent a letter to Santa Claus every year since she was three- and she was now as old as he was. She had sent pictures of her decorated dorm and apartment, the Christmas sweaters she knitted, and even of her dog dressed as a reindeer. \"She has just as much cheer and spirit as you do.\" Arthur had to admit he was impressed, but for some reason he couldn't put his finger on something seemed really off. He could see her as Mrs. Claus in an instant, but he couldn't picture her as his Mrs. Claus. \"So, she lives in Alaska- already acclimated to cold weather! Consider maybe dropping by when you travel this Christmas. I think she could make you very happy. Can you promise your mother you'll at least think about it?\" Arthur looked at his mom's smile and smiled back. \"Of course I'll think about it Mom. Anything for you.\" He gave her a tight hug before she left. He placed the folder next to another one and smiled as he recognized Molly on the cover. Her letter was still in his coat pocket. He should probably put it back when he got a moment. Just then Steve poked his head in to say there was a crisis with the Naughty and Nice List. Another day went by where Arthur couldn't visit the Scrooge of Chicago- but today he realized what his mom had. He felt lonely without her. March 17 th 7:39 P.M. Chicago Law Firm Molly packed her briefcase and sighed at the empty plate that still sat on her desk. She had been waiting, hoping all this time when it was probably as official as it could be: Arthur had deserted her. In a moment of pent-up frustration she shattered the plate against the wall. The janitor was probably going to hate her in the morning. \"Molly!\" Stuart caught up to her as she exited. He never gave up, did he? \"Molly-\" \"I'm not interested. How many times-\" \"As many as it takes until you say yes.\" She turned and glared at him. \"I'm not going to give up on you. I'm sad and lonely and I get the feeling you're the exact same way. I'm not saying it has to be serious but I just… I need someone.\" She looked at him a long moment, her mind a whirl of motion. Then Molly Scrooge stepped forward and kissed Stuart from Human Resources until they both came up gasping for air. \"Let's go. I don't want to be alone either.\" She took his hand and led her to her car. She was better off alone. But now she didn't want to be.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Letters to Santa April 28 th 3:49 P.M. North Pole Steve could tell something was off with Arthur. Usually he lived and breathed for his duties during the year- giving every activity all the cheer and happiness he possessed. That hadn't really changed but Steve could look at him and just tell something was bothering him. And despite what their mother persisted about solving the problem, Steve just felt it was something else. Arthur had no interest in this Abby Festivus even though his parents pushed and prodded him relentlessly. So Steve dropped by Arthur's old office in the mail room where he was busy scribbling out a reply. He had insisted on answering as many letters as he could himself. That was Arthur though. He tapped him on the shoulder and watched as his brother whirled around surprised, sending letters flying all over the floor. \"You left the door open so I just walked-\" \"No, no it's fine. You just scared me. What are you doing here Steve?\" Steve helped him pick up the scattered letters and looked at his brother for a long moment. \"I was hoping you could tell me the real reason you haven't been your usual self recently.\" Arthur just looked at him and Steve sighed. His brother always had this tendency to put everyone on planet earth before himself and push his stuff to the wayside so as not to bother anyone. \"It's funny, actually, I was running some diagnostics on the SPIRIT and she's accumulated quite a few miles for one trip to Chicago.\" Arthur went white. \"And I really didn't see an awful lot of you in January. And come to think of it a lot of cookies you baked just… went missing. I can put it all together Arthur.\" \"Molly needed a friend. She has no one Steve- no family or friends. All she does is work and I… I was just trying to be there for her and make her happy again. She deserves to be happy. And I know I was jeopardizing everything by going, but I couldn't just leave her after I'd met her. She needed me.\" So there it was. Steve could see it clear as day even though he was pretty sure his brother still thought he was extending only friendship. \"I haven't visited her since January and I'm worried she thinks I abandoned her which I sort of did.\" Now Steve looked at his brother and knew there was two ways he could steer this conversation. He could do what he should and tell Arthur to let her go and not break the rules anymore, risking everything and everyone. Or he could indulge him. The answer seemed obvious. But weighing on his mind was how much he had failed Arthur in the past from mocking who he was and simply not believing in him. He had been so caught up in his ego he hadn't believed in his own brother who was probably Steve's greatest inspiration now. And he knew Arthur had received that from everybody in the North Pole, but he didn't judge them or hold a grudge at all. That was just Arthur. Steve knew in that moment he just had to believe and do what was best for Arthur instead of what he himself wanted. \"Then I'll re-schedule things so you have tonight off. We can't possibly have her thinking that, especially when I know quite the opposite is true.\" Arthur looked at him very puzzled. \"Just make sure you're careful about things. I trust your ability to handle that though.\" He started for the door but stopped himself. \"One more thing, don't let Mom and Dad force you into anything.\" \"They're not. Abby seems very nice and they-\" \"But it's not about them. This is about you. This is the decision to do what you want on more than any other. It can be Abby or it could be someone completely… opposite for example. What matters is that she's everything you want not everything needed for the North Pole.\" Someone like Molly maybe Steve couldn't help but think. It was obvious how Arthur felt about her, why he was so reluctant about Abby. He at least had to give his brother a chance to find out. \"Steve, this is breaking so many rules. Why-\" \"Arthur, you make everybody happy. Now it's my turn to do the same for you because you deserve it more than anyone.\" And with that Arthur hugged him before taking off at a run leaving the doors ahead wide open of course. April 28 th 8:38 P.M. Chicago Apartment Molly picked up her cell phone as \"Last Christmas\" blared- she really needed to change that ringtone. \"Hey, Stuart. So I'm all ready for you to come over tonight. I've got wine in fancy glasses, I'm wearing a very revealing-\" \"Molly, I'm going to be really late tonight. I'm stuck at work tonight. I know you'll understand. You shouldn't even wait up for me. You have to get to court early tomorrow, right?\" \"Yeah. It's fine. I completely understand. I'll see you in the morning. I love you.\" \"I love you too. Bye.\" Click. Molly sighed and dumped the glasses down the sink. She had been trying to make everything special since it had seemed to hit a brick wall since… well actually since their relationship had begun. He practically lived at her apartment but it was as if it was all so disconnected and just didn't work. He'd told her he loved her at dinner one night and she'd said the same back because… it was social convention? She didn't know. Something felt off and since this was the guy she was pretty much going to be spending the rest of her life with since she had nobody else she had to adjust. Then she heard knocking on her door. Oh, so he had been kidding with her! He was trying to surprise her! Okay, she could work with this. She poured two more glasses and made sure her red silk nightgown looked alright before leaning against the frame and opening the door. It wasn't Stuart. It was Arthur. April 28 th 8:55 P.M. Chicago Apartment Doorway Arthur knocked a few times against the door and smiled, tray of gingerbread cookies in his hand. Steve was the best big brother anybody could have! He was letting Arthur break the rules and fix things because he was so great. So when the door opened he has the biggest grin on his face. He was going to see Molly again! She was leaning against the door in what was probably the shortest nightgown he'd ever seen. To say the moment wasn't what he expected was an understatement. Her face promptly fell and she let out a cry. Arthur clamped his hands over his eyes, dropping the cookies. \"Oh my God! What are you doing here?\" He tried to step forward only to run into the doorframe and fall to the ground. \"Oh my God!\" He heard her run to her bedroom and return a moment later. \"Get up, you klutz. You can open your eyes.\" He did and saw she was now in a big fluffy blue bathrobe. He let out a sigh as the blush faded. She had an ice-bag in her hand. \"Are you okay? I…\" then the frown appeared. Arthur had seen the mock frowns enough to know this was the real deal. \"I know. I know it's been way too long, but I was busy at work and I tried to visit-\"the ice-bag promptly knocked him in the eye. She tried to slam the door closed but he wormed his way in. Just hear me out-\" \"No! No I won't! It's been three months!\" She threw two glasses down the sink. \"Three months without a word from you! Then you think you can just come over one night un-announced when I was supposed to have a guest over! Who does that?\" Arthur ducked as a plate nearly hit his head. She was mad. She was beyond mad. He saw through the layers- she was hurt. He'd hurt her. \"I am so sorry. I never wanted to-\" \"Abandon me? Well, you did! Like everyone else in the world! Now, get lost and never come to my apartment again.\" Angry tears squeezed out of her narrowed eyes as she pointed for the door, her tone final. \"I can explain!\" he begged. \"Okay, go.\" She stared at him, arms folded, as he fumbled over words trying to come up with something that would work. After a long minute she gave a smirk. \"I thought so.\" She gestured to a folder on the table. \"Now, I have work to do.\" She walked to the door and held it open. \"Get out Arthur. Get out and never come back.\" He stared at her and realized what he was about to do. It was his only chance. He couldn't lose her like this. \"It's Arthur Christmas actually.\" \"Very funny. Take your stupid cheer and-\" \"I live at the North Pole. That's the factory, the family business. You see I'm… I'm Santa Claus. I couldn't tell you because of all these rules but that's why I was in the lights. I fell delivering gifts. I had January off but there's just so much for Santa to do I… I couldn't sneak away. And I felt awful about it every moment of every day.\" He looked at her but didn't receive a facial expression. \"You miserable excuse for a human being! That's it! Either you are the biggest jerk who ever graced the face of the earth or you're just some delusional serial killer.\" \"My reindeer and sled are out back.\" \"Get out or I'm calling not only the cops but my boyfriend.\" Boyfriend? Things had changed a lot. He knew he had nothing else. He couldn't convince her. Resigned, he put his hands in his pockets only to feel a piece of paper. His face lit up as he pulled it out and unfolded it. \"'Dear Santa, It has been a pretty hard year for Michael and I.'\" He continued frantically- hoping this would finally put all the puzzle pieces together for her. She had to know the truth. April 28 th 9:07 P.M. Chicago Apartment \"'She doesn't like us and smells funny. Michael says we can't go home though because of what happened. But I know you can get us home. You can do anything. I believe in you Santa. Molly Scrooge P.S. If I get a second wish, change my last name. I get picked on a lot for it.'\" She knew those words. She had written those words and stuffed them in an envelope to be sent to the North Pole. How… how was this happening? It… he was being sincere. Oh my God, he was being sincere! Her hand flew over her mouth as he placed the letter on top of her papers. There was no doubt about it- that was her letter. \"You wrote me this when you were seven.\" She felt her head shake. \"I'm Arthur Christmas.\" She felt wobbly. \"I'm Santa Claus.\" It made sense. It all fit together… all the mysteries and secrets and why he had seemingly dropped off the face of the earth. It couldn't possibly be but it had to be. \"Why… why did you-\" \"You needed me. I was hoping I could be your friend and make you happy- maybe even make you believe again. But work caught up with me and I hurt you. I never meant to do that.\" There was a huge gaping silence as Molly felt everything literally vanish from inside her. She was looking at Santa Claus. Finally, the words came. \"Get out.\" \"Molly-\" \"I heard you loud and clear. I just… I need some process time. This- this is a lot okay?\" He nodded at her. \"Just… I need time. Please leave and give me a few…\" A few what? Days? Months? Years? He apparently had time since he was Santa Claus! Oh, this couldn't be happening. Arthur merely nodded and exited. She closed the door firmly behind him and watched from her window moments later as a reindeer pulled him off in a sleigh. That was just the nail in the coffin. She looked at the note and slammed the folder closed, grabbing the chair for balance as she began to hyper-ventilate. Arthur Christmas. Arthur… Christmas…[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Santa Claus April 28 th 10:30 P.M. Chicago Apartment Molly couldn't remember exactly when she came to her senses enough to grab her coat and shoes, but soon enough she found herself in front of the Human Resources door at her work. The light peeked out from under the door as she gathered the nerve to enter. She didn't know what words were going to come flying out when she saw him, but she knew he wouldn't believe her. Who would? It was completely insane! She opened the door only to be greeted by a site that boiled her frozen blood over. She slammed the door shut and stormed back for her car- expletives streaming from her mouth. He caught up to her as she opened her door. \"Molly, it wasn't-\" \"No, no this is great. This is perfect. Let's face it- our relationship sucked! We both were just using each other to feel something. And I can't speak for both of us but I didn't feel a thing the entire time. I thought that meant I was going to end up stuck with you numb and cold my entire life! And I was going to accept that because it was better than being alone! But now I know it's you! So enjoy sleeping with the copy girl because from now on I'm going to sleep with someone who makes me feel at least a little something! I apologize if that was cold though. I really do. But, hey, that was just this whole thing we had going for us.\" She promptly slammed the door and gunned it home. How could she have been so stupid? How could she have put up with that? Why had she even- thank God for Arthur! Without him she'd still be here downing wine alone while her miserable boyfriend and the copy girl enjoyed one another's company. And then he'd come home and she'd- oh God! Then the real scary thoughts came. She had for a fleeting moment considered taking him back when he ran after her. It had actually crossed her mind, but then Arthur had crossed her mind. If Arthur had been her boyfriend he would have treated her right. He would have brought her cookies and taken her ice-skating and given her his entire heart because that was the kind of guy he was. Sure, he had flaws but Stuart had cheated on her. Not that Arthur Christmas would ever like the like of Molly Scrooge like that. Then again she didn't want him to- it would make thing even more convoluted than they were now. Then it hit her. Arthur had helped her realize something when he came to her door to apologize even though she'd thrown things at him and he had told her a huge secret to prove that he had never abandoned her. She deserved better. Molly Scrooge deserved to be happy. Then came the tapping on her door. She knew who it was and leaned against it. \"That wasn't very much time.\" \"I wasn't sure how long you meant, so I flew around the world once. I can go do it-\"she opened the door and gestured for him to enter. \"Can I get you a coffee?\" He smiled and she couldn't help but giggle. \"I told you that you'd laugh about it one day.\" He took a seat on her couch. \"How have you been doing- partner and boyfriend and all that good stuff?\" \"I've just been working, and there is no boyfriend. It was just something I don't care to reflect on at the moment when I have a mythical being in my midst.\" \"I'm actually not anything special.\" \"Arthur, you're Santa Claus. You've been delivering toys for thousands of years-\" \"No, I've only been doing it for four. My father did it for seventy-four and so on and so forth all the way back to Saint Nicholas.\" \"But you said I wrote that letter to you?\" \"You did. I learned that Santa isn't one specific person- my father or my brother or even my Grandsanta-\"Molly opened her mouth but let it go, \"-Santa is the person who delivers the gift. It doesn't matter who actually does it as long as they believe Santa cares about them and remembers them. So you wrote to the idea of Santa… if that makes any sense.\" \"No, I understand it perfectly. I mean, no one sees him. A girl could be Santa and no one would know any different!\" She tried to reign in her excitement. She was getting a little carried away. But I guess she was entitled. Her best friend was Santa Claus. May 9 th 9:37 A.M. Chicago Law Firm \"You have that many elves?\" Molly asked in disbelief. Arthur smiled at her from across her desk in her office. Steve had managed to work out some time for him to pay his friend another visit. He had tried to work it out so it was a least a semi-consistent schedule. And she was always ready with a new question. It felt really good to have Molly back as a friend. And recently he'd felt the layers of wrapping paper were starting to fall fast and furious. She smiled around him a lot more and laughed quite a few times each meeting. She was growing comfortable and that meant the world to Arthur. Steve had understood when he'd told him the entire story, even though he had on this funny expression like he knew something more. Arthur had apologized and begged but Steve told him he knew Arthur had no other choice than break her heart and that very well couldn't happen. Arthur was glad Steve was so happy now because it made him happier just seeing him. They had decided to keep the whole thing under wraps from the rest of the family who were far more traditional in their views of Santa. Bryony and Steve would do whatever they could to cover for him on three very important conditions: One, Arthur got his job done. That one wasn't even remotely a problem. He loved it just as much as ever! Two, it had to be limited to twice or three times a week. He didn't care for this one but Molly had agreed that if he kept sneaking off it just put more pressure on Bryony and Steve- the last thing he wanted to do. And three, she had to agree to keep everything secret. Her response: \"Like I'm going to go around spouting that my secret best friend Arthur Christmas is Santa Claus. They'd lock me up.\" Steve and Bryony couldn't argue with her logic. \"I mean when I watched Rudolph as a kid there was like thirty at the most.\" \"How would we keep everything up and running with thirty elves?\" He couldn't help but laugh at the idea. \"That wouldn't even provide Christmas to Chicago.\" He saw she couldn't help but laugh as well. \"How do all the toys fit in the sleigh?\" \"If by sleigh you mean the EVIE-\" \"EVIE?\" \"She's named after the very first Christmas sled. I rode in her once. I'm absolutely terrified of heights, but-\" \"I am too! How do you manage every year?\" \"I don't look down.\" There is was again- her laughter. He was starting to think it was becoming his favorite sound after when she said his name. May 15 th 10:05 A.M. Chicago Apartment Molly was extremely bored. It was Sunday which meant she technically wasn't supposed to work. She glanced at her calendar which had Wednesday and Friday circled- one in green and the other in red. He wasn't visiting her for another three days. She took a moment before climbing up into her closet and pulling down a box from when she was really little. It had been for a project at school- bring in your favorite things. Inside were a few pictures, some gum, and what she had been looking for- a VHS copy of How the Grinch Stole Christmas. \"I haven't watched this in forever,\" she whispered to herself. Part of her whispered it was May, but she decided screw it. The movie reminded her of Arthur in a lot of ways- the Who's not the Grinch. The way he just seemed to embody the spirit of the season. Recently, it had almost been contagious. Not that she was a convert yet… the music was still awful. But maybe she had become a believer in Arthur Christmas. Yeah, a lot of times she panicked to herself about how close she was letting him get. But part of her kept coaxing that small voice that he would never intentionally hurt her or let her down. He was Santa Claus after all- pretty good track record. At least now she wouldn't end up alone or even worse with Stuart. She'd always have Arthur Christmas as a best friend. And that filled her with more cheer and happiness than anything else. May 22 nd 10:15 A.M. Ice Arena \"Okay, you can let go.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Arthur, let go.\" He immediately released her hand and watched her glide across the ice until she reached a bar. She turned back and bowed for him as he clapped. He skated up to her. \"Well, I believe that's what we call progress.\" \"You're a natural.\" She hit his arm lightly. Her red hair had been recently cut to her shoulders and was even redder than before. He wished he could actually see her one time, but maybe she'd realize eventually that as pretty as she looked like that the real Molly Scrooge was even better. \"I bet I can beat you in a race!\" she shouted, sprinting off across the ice. He watched her for a moment before pulling himself back in and taking off after her. He was about to pass her when he lost his balance and sent both of them sliding across the ice. \"I'm so sorry. I'm such a klutz. I-\" She shrugged as he pulled her off. \"I see you had to cheat to win Mr. Christmas. Now my butt really hurts so I'm injured but next time we will have a fair fight and I will destroy you.\" He looked at her a long moment before smiling. \"You're sure about that? If there's one thing there's a lot of where I'm from its ice and I've skated before I could walk. The penguins-\" \"Don't even! I know they're from the South Pole! What do you take me for?\" When he sat at dinner later reflecting on the conversation he heard his mom clear her throat. \"Arthur… I'd- have you thought about it?\" Oh, Abby Festivus. He'd completely forgotten. \"It's a big decision, Mom,\" he covered. \"I still need more time. I have until Christmas when you think about it.\" She nodded and returned to her food, as Arthur's mind went back to the ice arena.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: Pasts (Merry Christmas Everyone!) June 17 th 4:29 P.M. Millennium Park \"Well, so much for promising weather,\" Molly sighed from under an alcove. She had planned on showing Arthur the sights of Chicago, but apparently Mother Nature had other plans. \"Do you know Mother Nature, by the way?\" \"I haven't met her personally. She keeps to herself up in the clouds. My dad met her once though.\" Arthur loved talking about his family- another way they were complete opposites. \"You said you have an older brother right?\" \"Yeah. His name is Steve. He's probably the smartest person I've ever known in my entire life. He's the one who is the real brains behind the holiday.\" \"Well, the brains don't work without a heart,\" she commented. \"What about your family?\" he asked. She shot him a look. \"Come on. You never mention and I'd just like to know what made you so dark and dreary against Christmas.\" Her face didn't change. \"Okay,we can forget I mentioned it. I was just-\" \"The worst thing that ever happened to me was on Christmas,\" she began. He nodded that he was listening.\"Oh, God. It was so horrible. It was Christmas Eve. I was seven years old. Me and Michael and Mom were decorating the tree, waiting for Dad to come home from work. A couple hours went by. Dad wasn't home. So Mom called the office. No answer. Christmas Day came and went, and still nothing.\" She saw she had his undivided attention. \"So the police began a search. Four or five days went by. None of us could eat or sleep. Everything was falling apart. It was snowing outside. The house was freezing, so I went to try to light up the fire. That's when I noticed the smell. The firemen came and broke through the chimney top. And me and Michael and Mom were expecting them to pull out a dead cat or a bird. And instead they pulled out my father.\" Arthur was white. \"He was dressed in a Santa Claus suit. He'd been climbing down the chimney... his arms loaded with presents. He was gonna surprise us. He slipped and broke his neck. He died instantly. And that's how I found out there was no Santa Claus... well, until I met you.\" He just stared at her in horror for a long moment before she couldn't hold it in. Molly started laughing so hard she was crying. \"I don't see how that story's funny! I'm so sorry-\" \"Arthur, that was from Gremlins!\" He just stared at her. \"It's a movie. You mean you haven't watched every Christmas movie. Well, actually it's a monster movie that takes place during Christmas. I don't recommend it for you.\" He was still just staring. \"It didn't really happen.\" This he registered and breathed a sigh of relief. \"Thank God! I didn't know how I could save the holiday for you after that one. Don't do that! I was freaking out!\" She laughed again and this time he joined her. She felt another question come to her. \"How'd you become Santa?\" She saw the frown. \"Hey, this is supposed to be a happy story!\" \"I stole the position from Steve actually. You see everyone used to think I was the embarrassment of the Christmas family. I always left doors open, tripped over everything, got in everybody's way. But I was just trying to make Christmas perfect for everyone. I couldn't help it.\" Molly nodded emphatically as he looked her way. Arthur was a klutz and sometimes got in the way but he never meant to do anything but good. \"Well, almost five Christmases ago there was this little girl who had somehow been missed by all my brother's fancy machines. She wanted this beautiful pink bike but my brother and dad said it was just one kid. So I delivered it myself in the nick of time with their help once they saw that Christmas is about making everyone happy.\" \"And they named you Santa Claus?\" He smiled. \"I became Santa Claus. But, you know, sometimes I wonder if one day they're going to realize it was a mistake. They never believed in me before, what- what if it happens again? Maybe I would be better off down in the South Pole. I just wish I make every Christmas bright for every kid.\" He put his head down and Molly gave it a moment before elbowing him. \"It wasn't a mistake, just to let you know. And the South Pole, are you kidding me? You belong exactly where you are doing what you want to do. You know I'd never lie to you. I consider myself a very blunt person. So you know I'm not BSing you when I say that you're the first thing that comes to mind when I think of Christmas.\" He looked at her for a long moment before giving her a long and tight hug. She felt more secure in that moment than probably her entire life. \"Thanks Molly. You're the best.\" July 4 th 11:05 P.M. North Pole Bryony paced nervously in the hangar doors when Steve stepped in. \"He's not back yet, sir. Do you think something happened?\" \"No, he's just taking his time like we told him. The last thing we need is for a firecracker to hit the sleigh on his way back.\" \"It was nice of you to let him out tonight, sir. He did go thrice this week already.\" \"It's a holiday and I trust her to look after him. If she's got it half as bad as Arthur does soon enough the North Pole will have their Mrs. Claus.\" Bryony nodded. Only Steve seemed to see what had been obvious to her as well. \"That'll be interesting. A Mrs. Claus who formerly went by the last name of Scrooge.\" \"His parents wouldn't find it funny though.\" \"I'm not worried about them. He obviously wants to be with Molly so he should be with Molly. Making him take up with this Abby girl is going to make him nothing but lonely and miserable for the rest of his life. If they wish that on Arthur than truly something is wrong.\" \"She hates Christmas though.\" \"It does seem Scrooge and Festivus are rather two opposite poles when you think about it. But if anyone can make the holiday grow on a person its Arthur.\" \"When do you think he's going to figure it out?\" \"Hopefully soon enough. I don't know how much more of this sneaking around we can take.\" Bryony merely nodded. August 16 th 7:20 P.M. Navy Pier Arthur knew something was wrong when Molly wasn't at work. It was a work night and with the large cases she had been given lately she stayed until at least ten every night. He had been tempted to take the reindeer up but knew that was far too risky and Steve would have his head. So instead he just wandered- somehow just knowing she'd be on the dock looking out at the lake. It was like they were two magnets almost. \"Is everything alright?\" he asked sitting on the ground next to her. She stared blankly ahead. \"Molly, you can talk to me. You can trust me.\" There was a long moment before she pulled her knees to her chest and sighed, almost in defeat. \"Trust me. It helps to say the stuff out loud. Otherwise you're just waiting to explode- like when you open a bag of tinsel.\" There wasn't even a hint of amusement. But at least there wasn't a hint of anger either. There was just... nothing. \"Molly, you're scaring me,\" he admitted. Finally, after what seemed like forever, her lips started to move. \"Let's just say today is the anniversary of a pretty bad day.\" She didn't seem to be able to say anymore, stumbling over forming the next sentence. Arthur swept in to help her. \"The day they took you away from your mom and dad.\" She gave one slow nod, slightly puzzled. \"How-oh right. The letter I wrote.\" He nodded. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" She shook her head. \"Okay.\" They sat in silence for a long time before she spoke again. \"They did some pretty bad things to Michael and me. I know now we needed to leave, but-\" \"They were your mom and dad.\" \"Then I fell onto every sort of wagon under the umbrella- drugs, alcohol, smoking, promiscuity, even vandalism of school property. I was definitely on the naughty list.\" \"I can't believe that.\" \"Oh, it's true though. So my aunt threw me out and my brother left me on the steps of a rehab program. He was eighteen by the time I left so he had gone to England and never looked back. I haven't talked to him since. I'm terrified to even try. I-I try to hide from all of that, pretend I'm normal. That's why I hate Christmas so much. Christmas is the one day you're not supposed to be alone- the one day everyone has someone and is happy to be with them. But I will never have that. I'm going to be alone forever. All the boys I've ever known took one thing and then broke my heart. The only thing I've had going for me is when I got out of rehab I started hitting the books and decided to become a lawyer.\" \"Why did you want to be a lawyer?\" \"It seemed like the good idea.\" \"Don't you love it though?\" \"Come on. No one but you loves their job. I'm sure I'd be happier at thousands of other jobs, but I picked my path. I have to live with it. So all that stuff I had to go through, it all came from this day. This day when Social Security came to my house, saw my scars, and pulled me away crying and screaming.\" Arthur noticed her pull down her sleeve to reveal a scar on her shoulder. \"This one's from when I had cookies before dinner.\" Arthur gently tugged her sleeve back up. She wrapped her arms around herself and started breathing heavier. \"I can't. I can't.\" \"It's okay. I'm here.\" And with that a choked sob burst forth as she started to rock back and forth. The last layer of wrapping paper was violently ripped away as Molly started sobbing to herself, tears streaming down her cheeks. Arthur gently moved her onto his lap where he cradled her with his arms as she sobbed into his chest. \"It's okay. I'm here,\" he repeated again and again, whispering into her ear. He had no clue how long the two of them sat like that before she fell asleep, but it was dark outside. Dark enough he could call the sleigh (he didn't care how risky it was at the moment) to take her home and tuck her into bed. He stared at her for a moment reflecting on everything she'd told him. It was worse than he'd imagined. But he was here now. She may be stuck with physical scars, but he was going to make sure she was never threatened by the ones in her head. She wasn't alone. She didn't deserve to be. Arthur spent the night on the couch- always there is she needed him.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Feelings September 14 th 11:44 A.M. Chicago Law Firm Molly had never spoken the words that spilled out on the dock that day before. But she was never gladder that she did. It was like a weight had been lifted off her chest. Arthur had seen the very deepest and darkest parts of her, yet here he was playing with her pencil sharpener. She had woken up the next morning to find him asleep on her couch. And when she had broken down at the dock… there was no question about it. Arthur made her feel unbelievably comfortable and safe. He had sharpened six hundred and fifty-two pencils (not counting the ones she broke and he did again) from all over the entire office by the time she was ready to go home. And the entire collection was stacked on her desk but she wasn't that worried about it. They even got a few weird looks when Arthur tripped over a plant on their way out but she couldn't have cared less what they thought. Molly had discovered herself becoming disillusioned about her career. Don't get her wrong, she knew there was no going back now. But she didn't love her job just like she'd told Arthur and that was becoming clearer to her with every case and file on her desk. Then a hand grabbed her shoulder. It was Stuart. \"Molly, look I know it's been a long time since we broke up but I screwed up and-\" \"No, the copy girl got a new job and now you're not getting any. I meant what I said Stuart. Don't think you can just bat you eyes and apologize and I'll go weak at the knees and beg you to come home with me. We're not in a romantic comedy.\" She tried to continue walking, but he grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards him. Her face grimaced in pain when Arthur stepped between the two. \"I'm sorry but we're going to go watch a movie. If you want you could join us, if Molly doesn't-\" \"I do,\" she said, pulling her hand free. \"Come on Arthur.\" They started away when Arthur turned back to wave. The next thing she knew he was crashing into a desk as Stuart punched him. \"Hey!\" She punched him herself. \"Pick on someone else! You don't scare me.\" She helped Arthur to his feet- his nose bleeding. \"You know what, if we were a romantic comedy you wouldn't be the guy I forgive and end up with. You'd be the jerk who the audience would cheer when I dumped you on your sorry…\" She realized she was at work and all eyes were now firmly fixed on her. \"Come on Arthur.\" She helped him back to her apartment. He had a bit of a limp and claimed he was woozy- which worried her since his head had hit the desk pretty hard. She managed to dump him on her couch and get him some ice for his head. \"Try to stay awake for me okay?\" He nodded. \"I'm not letting you fly back like this.\" She grabbed his phone from the table. \"Steve, right?\" Another nod. \"Hey, hey. Stay with me.\" The call to Steve had been simple- he had agreed to cover for Arthur and she promised to monitor him overnight and send him out first thing in the morning if he looked fit to fly. He had been surprised to hear from her but seemed to be very much calm and in control. Molly could respect that. She had gone out back to bring some carrots to the reindeer like he had requested. \"Sorry guys. It looks you're grounded tonight.\" She had seen them quite a few times but never had been this close to them. One in particular seemed to take a liking to her, nuzzling her hand. The others were wary of the stranger but not this guy. \"Well, you certainly are a ladies deer.\" Arthur was asleep when she came back up. And after shaking him awake and seeing he was alright, she made coffee while he fell back asleep. He was just so peaceful curled up on her sofa, smile on his face. She felt her heart skip a beat. It was a good few hours of watching him sleep (she promised it wasn't creepy like in those weird vampire novels Stuart had tried to convince her to read) Molly knew she wouldn't be getting any sleep. She grabbed a book and prepared to sit again. First though she knelt next to Arthur and pulled the melted ice bag off his head. She examined his face for a moment before gently brushing his bangs out of his face. \"If we were in a romantic comedy you'd be the guy I ended up with,\" she whispered. Immediately her brain registered what she had just said and she shot to her feet. She was being ridiculous. Arthur was her best friend and that was that. The very thought of another relationship terrified her- she couldn't put herself- calm down. She was losing her mind over something she hadn't meant. She sat in the chair comfortable with the fact that Arthur was her best friend and she felt nothing else for him. That was that. Period… maybe… yeah… period. October 6 th 5:17 P.M. North Pole Arthur walked up to his mom as she stood in the kitchen making a plate of cookies for his dad. Things were getting more serious now and he was down to visiting Molly once a week. She didn't mind though and loved every moment they spent together. Arthur did too. In fact, recently he had realized a few things- big things. \"Mom,\" he said, bracing himself for how he was going to disappoint her. She turned and smiled at him. She noticed he had the Abby Festivus folder in his hand and broke out into a smile. \"Oh, Arthur! I knew-\" \"Mom, I can't.\" He placed it gently in her hand as she looked at him confused. \"I'm really so sorry but I can't.\" He turned and walked out of the kitchen, leaving the door open as his mother merely stared after him. She couldn't possibly understand. He didn't even understand fully but it was clear as day. Arthur couldn't marry Abby Festivus because he loved Molly Scrooge. November 1 st 10:23 P.M. Molly sat at the kitchen table looking over files as Arthur handed her a cup of hot chocolate. \"You need to cut down on your caffeine,\" he said simply as she looked it over. He sat across from her and took a sip of his. \"I got offered another job... a better job at this other firm yesterday.\" He smiled broadly at her. \"That's great! I'm so proud-\" \"I haven't accepted it yet, though.\" \"Why not?\" \"I-I can't really explain it. Something- it just feel like something's keeping me from saying yes. I don't know- don't understand what it is though.\" Honestly she didn't. It confused her to no end. She could tell Arthur saw her mental frustration at herself and decided to change the subject. \"How was your Halloween?\" \"It was pretty much this- I have possibly the biggest case of my career on hand. Besides, holidays and I just don't get along in general. It isn't just Christmas, though that's probably Scrooge enemy number one.\" She took a sip of her hot chocolate. \"This… is amazing! You've been holding out on me!\" He smiled and there was silence for a moment as she looked over the file. Something just didn't fit. She was getting sick of this. \"What do you think I'd be if I wasn't a lawyer?\" Arthur merely shrugged. \"I think you could be anything.\" \"Hypothetically, I think I'd like something executive- making a difference. You know forming treaties and holding everything together. I think I'd be good at it.\" \"I think you would be too.\" He finished his hot chocolate and put his mug in the sink. \"Hey, what if you have Thanksgiving with me and my family?\" Her head shot up. \"You mean go to the North Pole?\" He nodded. \"I can't come visit you and I'd just really hate for you to be alone on Thanksgiving given… everything.\" \"I know what you're saying- that I'm so terrified I won't even call my own brother. But back to the original point- is that allowed?\" \"Steve would like to meet you. I'm sure my parents deserve to finally meet you. You don't have to be alone this holiday. I'd come pick you up in the sleigh,\" he noted her terrified expression, \"-and you can keep your eyes closed the entire time.\" She thought it over. Wait, why was she hesitating? It was the North Pole! She jumped up and tackled him in a hug. \"Yes! Thank you! You are the absolute greatest!\" She looked him in the eyes for a long moment. She felt herself wanting to lean in, but quickly reigned it in- pulling back to the table. \"I can't wait! You are so lucky. Sometimes I admit I wish I could live at the North Pole, especially when you're Santa Claus!\" She wasn't going to be alone! She had plans for Thanksgiving for the first time since she was eighteen! \"Maybe this apartment could use a Christmas tree this year,\" she pondered out loud. It was official- Arthur had contaminated her with some Christmas spirit.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: Thanksgiving November 24 th 1:42 P.M. North Pole \"I'm afraid I still don't understand,\" Steve heard his mom comment as she set an extra place at the table. \"Mom, we've been over this. Her name is Molly Scrooge and she's a very good friend of Arthur's. He's been visiting her all year under my supervision. She was pretty miserable and lonely but thanks to your son and compassion she's done a complete flip-flop. She had no one to spend the holiday with so Arthur invited to come up here.\" \"That's where I get lost. How does she know?\" \"It was a needed release of information, trust me. It's fine. We can trust her.\" His mother merely looked at him and he sighed. \"Mother…\" \"I know. I know.\" She continued setting the table for a minute. \"She's the reason he turned down Abby, isn't she?\" Steve looked at her. \"She makes him happier than I've ever seen him.\" \"Her last name is Scrooge and she hates Christmas! Arthur-\" \"Arthur deserves to be with who he wants to be. I know you want what's best and in your mind that's exactly what you and dad had. But it's a different time and Arthur is a different person. As Arthur's family we support his decision.\" He went back to his HOHO before looking at her for one more moment. \"He makes everyone happy. Let him be happy.\" At two the SPIRIT pulled into the hangar bay and Arthur climbed out, helping a beautiful young girl who carried a pie in her hand. She looked a little shaken up and noticed Steve observe her with concern. \"I'm a little afraid of heights.\" One of the reindeer stepped forward and nuzzled his head on her shoulder. \"He's quite a flirt this one.\" \"That's B-Bambi. He does rather seem to fancy you,\" Arthur noted. \"And this is my brother Steve. Steve, this is the one and only Molly Scrooge.\" His smile could not betray how ecstatic Arthur was over this meeting. Steve shook her hand and smiled. Dinner was an interesting affair, Steve sitting out of the conversation most of the time to observe how everyone was reacting. Grandsanta seemed to really like her and was telling her stories about when he was Santa. His parents were much more guarded, almost sizing her up in a sense with their questions. The way Arthur looked at her made it blatantly obvious how he felt but… There! He had managed to catch it! Arthur had mentioned something about Gwen and the bike before returning to his food. The way Molly had looked at him in that moment made it pretty obvious too. That had been what Steve was looking and hoping for. He pulled her aside after the meal was finished. \"I have something I'd like to speak to you about.\" She nodded, confused. \"My brother is the greatest person there is. He puts everyone and everything before himself and quite honestly has the heart to match.\" He saw her smile in agreement. \"He is my little brother and I love him and protect him.\" \"What does-\" \"You mean everything to him. Don't screw that up. If you hurt him… it will destroy him, you hear. Now I consider you a friend, but hurt him and I will not cease to look at you as nothing more than something in my way. And the things in my way aren't that way for long. Is that understood?\" She looked utterly lost. It was almost amusing. It still hadn't clicked for her. But Steve knew it would soon enough. She was here now- inching closer and closer to the role he knew she would come to be in time. Molly Scrooge was going to be Mrs. Claus because she loved Arthur just as much as he loved her. He knew that now. \"Is that understood?\" \"Yes… it is.\" \"Good.\" And he walked away to get the final details ready for a month from now, satisfied with the girl who was going to become second in command of the North Pole. Arthur knew how to pick them. November 24 th 6:13 P.M. North Pole Arthur gestured to the office. \"This is where I used to work- answering letters.\" Molly smiled and walked in, him following. \"I can tell you really cared about them,\" she noted, flipping through some letters. He smiled and grabbed an envelope and a box from his desk. She noticed this of course. \"What do you have?\" \"It's an early Christmas present.\" He placed both in her hands. \"I didn't get you anything. Thank you.\" She opened the envelope to find the address Arthur had neatly printed last night. She looked at him puzzled. \"It's his address and phone number.\" Her face fell, but he gently put his hand up to her arm. \"I'm not saying you have to, I'm not even suggesting it. But if the day comes now you won't have to look him up. It's all right there, just in case.\" She took this in for a moment before hugging him, tears falling onto his sweater. \"And no matter what he says you have me.\" He felt her nod. \"Open the other one. It's happier.\" She wiped her eyes and lifted the lid off the box, pulling out two slippers identical to the ones from that Christmas years ago. \"They light up!\" He pushed the button and 'Silent Night' played as the eyes lit up. She laughed. \"I didn't know if-\" \"I love them. I absolutely love them.\" She hugged him again- quicker this time. \"You are the absolute greatest Arthur. Thank you not just for this, but for this entire year. Thank you for saving me.\" \"It was absolutely no problem. I got a lot out of the deal too.\" He watched her as they toured the North Pole very closely from how much she enjoyed to how well she fit in with the elves. Her words from that day had been haunting him. She could see living in the North Pole, especially if he was here. She had to feel what he did. She had to. He nodded to himself, decided. There was just one question to ask that would clench his decision. \"Did you take the job yet?\" \"No. I haven't decided yet.\" That was that. He had his suspicion why that was. So tonight he'd take her home and put himself out there. He had to at least go for it. She gasped in shock and grabbed his hand, pulling him towards something. He felt her warm hand squeeze his. He could just feel it- they were meant to be together. November 24 th 9:34 P.M. Chicago Apartment Molly stirred the two cups of hot chocolate, which lately she had preferred to coffee. Arthur was standing beside her, awfully quiet. He had been since they got back. Everything had been absolutely perfect from dinner to his gift to just walking around the North Pole together. She could still remember holding his hand. \"Hey, what's up? You've been awfully quiet for it officially about to become the holiday season.\" He was quiet for a long moment. \"I think I figured out why you're so hesitant to take the job.\" \"Please, do tell so I can fix the problem.\" She held the cup out to him but he seemed off in his own world. \"I… I think you're not taking it because you don't want to. There's another job in another place you've been thinking about. Maybe not consciously, but I think all this wondering about a new career path and stuff is for a good reason.\" \"And what reason it that?\" she asked, genuinely curious and completely lost. \"Molly Scrooge…,\" he placed his hand over hers on the mug, \"I love you.\" CRASH! The mug fell to the floor, sending glass all over and a puddle of hot chocolate on the floor. \"I am in love with you completely and truly and absolutely. And I think you can't take that job because you feel the same way and that means a life at the North Pole… with me. You said you wouldn't mind living there and I believe you meant it.\" Her mind was absolutely blank. She literally had nothing. This was it- this was the moment in the romantic comedy where she got the guy and the happy ending. \"So I am asking you Molly Scrooge if you would come to the North Pole and live with me.\" She felt her hands go to her mouth and he helped her into a chair. \"I know- I know it's a lot to ask but I love you and want you there with me every day for forever. And deep down I think you want the same thing too.\" \"I-I-I just can't leave-\" \"We'd make it work. You hate your job anyway, we could pack-\" Her brain had now in hyper drive as she imagined it. \"No. We're not doing that. I'm not leaving Chicago. I'm not moving to the North Pole.\" She was in survival mode. He placed his hand on hers. \"Molly, I know. You're scared. I understand with everything that's happened to you. But I am never going to abandon you or hurt you. You know that. I'm not saying we should get married-\"her mind froze again,\"I'm saying we should try. You don't need to be scared.\" That was it. She pulled her hand away and rose. Who did he think he was? \"I'm not scared! I'm not! That's not the reason this isn't going to work.\" \"Then what is it? We can-\" \"I don't love you. You're wrong.\" \"Molly-\" \"I don't. I don't. I don't love you like that Arthur. You're my best friend, nothing more. There is never going to be anything more. You need to move on.\" \"I don't want to. You're amazing and-\"she couldn't take this. She couldn't take this. Her survival mode went into overdrive. \"You need to move on because I don't believe you could ever make me happy.\" His face immediately fell. \"I would rather you be at the South Pole.\" His face turned into one that she could literally feel breaking her heart. \"I'm Molly Scrooge. I hate Christmas. I don't believe in magic or spirit and I don't believe in you.\" It was like the final knife twist. \"I don't believe in you. I never will believe in you.\" He finally met her eyes. \"And we both know you never lie, right? You're a very blunt person.\" Tears were in his eyes. \"I'm going to walk out of that door and I don't think I'm going to come back. Don't get me wrong, I'm not abandoning you-\" \"I understand. And I agree because I don't want you here. Especially after some ridiculous confession like this.\" She walked to the door and held it open. He walked to it and looked at her. His eyes screamed for anything to keep him from walking out that door. She merely gestured for him to go. And he did. The second Molly closed the door her entire heart shattered into a million tiny pieces. She should be glad. She had survived the storm and come out safe and sound. Everything was okay. But somehow this hurt more than having her heart broken. She fell to her knees sobbing and not being able to stop or control it. Molly Scrooge knew if her life was a romantic comedy Arthur was the guy she'd live happily ever after with. It was too bad Molly Scrooge's life wasn't a romantic comedy.[Chapter 12] Dear Readers, Shhh. It's okay. I know. I know. The last chapter hurt me even more to write than it hurt you to read. (Gives a Hug) It's okay. Seriously, I cried (then again I was listening to Fix You at the time, which seemed very fitting and inspirational) Chapter 12: Countdown to Christmas December 20th 10:51 P.M. Chicago Apartment Molly looked in the mirror and sighed. She had hoped changing her hair up would make her fell like a different person but that idea didn't seem to have worked. It was just below her neck and back to its original black color, straight as it was before. Yet she still felt exactly the same- an empty shell of a person. The conversation with her other partners hadn't helped either. They'd called her in this morning to report her behavior was concerning him. She had been withdrawn, shown no interest in her work, and took off the moment normal office hours ended. Apparently she had learned today that dramatic change in appearance was one of the big signs in suicidal thoughts. She had laughed in their faces. Molly crawled into her bed like she did every night when she got home, cup of hot chocolate on her nightstand. She just couldn't kick the habit though it felt like she was slapped across the face every time she took a sip. Mostly those nights were spent convincing her that she had done the right thing. She didn't love him. She couldn't love him. He had personally attacked her and she had fired back. It was alright. It was for the best. She didn't need him. Yet when she woke up her heart was just as empty as the night before. I guess she could get used to it just like life without Arthur Christmas. There wasn't a Christmas decoration in the house and the slippers were buried under the bed so far she couldn't see them from any angle. The Christmas music was never played; her phone was off all the time now and on vibrate so that stupid song wouldn't make her want to throw it out the window. She was working Christmas Eve to catch up on this case. It was exactly like last year. Her life was exactly the same. It was like Arthur Christmas had never appeared in her life and that was the way it should be. If only she could convince her heart that. December 21 st 7:04 P.M. North Pole \"It does look like a pretty bad storm is going to blow through, but we should be able to handle it. I hope it holds off until the twenty-sixth if possible. If not, we'll- Arthur.\" Steve knocked his brother's shoulder as they walked down the hallway to check over the sleigh. \"I really need you to focus.\" \"I know. I'm sorry Steve. It's just…\" \"I understand. I'm also really sorry. But millions of kids are counting on you and I know you wouldn't forgive yourself if you let them down.\" He gave a small nod, obviously still out of it. \"You know what, go get some rest. We'll talk tomorrow and I can handle this.\" \"Thanks Steve,\" he whispered, walking back the way they came. Steve watched after him and sighed to himself. She had done what he had predicted if this happened: completely destroyed him. No one knew exactly what happened after he took her home on Thanksgiving but Steve could put a lot together by himself. He'd finally realized it and so had she. Only she had reacted in the opposite way, lashing out to keep those feelings at bay while Arthur has embraced him. This of course had ended with a broken heart. His brother had the biggest heart of all and now, now it just made Steve sad to even look at him. Steve had the mind to fly down to Chicago and ask this Scrooge just what exactly she thought she was doing. But maybe it was better this way. Arthur hadn't visited her or mentioned her since. Hopefully he could recover and learn to love someone else. This was an unfortunate minor set-back. A set-back he had hoped wouldn't have happened. A set-back he wanted to punch, but those were his own demons. He was growing more worried about Christmas by the minute though. His heart just wasn't in it and Steve couldn't blame him. His heart was currently under repair. That selfish… person hadn't just ruined the happiness of his brother but of every child in the entire world. There was nothing that could be done. Arthur needed more time and they didn't have it. He wished- he would have given anything to give it to him, but there was no other option. Bryony was waiting for him. \"We just finished final wrapping sir. The gifts are ready to go. Productivity rose twelve percent and sticky tape usage was down sixteen.\" Leave it to Bryony to be the only elf to keep things ahead of schedule. \"Excellent.\" \"I've also got my harness ready to go in case anything goes wrong and have already ordered for my first hot chocolate to be ready when we take off Christmas Eve. I got your message about earlier take-off.\" Due to the incoming storm, Steve had decided to be safe and push things back so they stood a fairer chance at beating it. \"You're going to have to take extra care of him this time.\" \"I know. Everyone's been talking about it. I'd like to wrap that girl up and never rip the paper open,\" she growled. \"I hate to see him like that.\" \"I feel the exact same way. Try to distract him in Chicago. And my parents might convince him, but don't let him-\" \"I'm on it. He's not doing it even if I have to tackle him. He's like raw cookie dough right now. He needs to be baked before he makes that kind of decision. And I don't want it to be her!\" \"Thank you, Bryony. It may not be the best Christmas, but-\" \"I actually might have an idea. Do you think we could shuffle the schedule? I think this calls for a very special first stop.\" She smiled and Steve quickly caught on. \"That is simply brilliant. That might be just what he need! I'll see that it's done.\" He started for the EVIE. \"Oh, and no matter how much you want to Molly Scrooge is not to be wrapped. I'd better not hear of you sneaking off.\" Bryony sighed. \"Yes, sir,\" she answered, very disappointed. December 22 nd 10:32 P.M. Chicago Apartment As Molly climbed the stairs for another of those days she seemed to go through on auto-pilot, she noticed someone sitting outside her door. Her heart immedietely started pounding faster and her breath did the same. Then his head turned and it wasn't who she was expecting, but it made the moment even worse. Michael rose to his feet. He was a good four-five inches taller than her with the same dark hair and eyes. All she could do was stare. She physically couldn't move. So Michael did was he always did, he made the first move. It was only when he put his arms around her that she realized she was crying. She had been dreading this moment since she composed the letter on the flight back Thanksgiving. She had stuck it in the mail before she could change her mind- before everything fell apart. She had completely forgotten. She had pictured the anger, the disappointment, the hatred. But all she could see was someone who loved her. Her mind promptly started freaking out and she started to pull- \"Grow up Molly,\" was his reply as he pulled her closer. \"We know your 'scarred' little brain freaks at the first sign that someone cares about you, but I'm not having any of it.\" \"I am scarred, thank you very much!\" \"Oh, stop with the excuses. I flew away from England to be here with you, but I will not hesitate to fly back and spend it with my son and daughter.\" \"You-you have kids? I'm an aunt?\" He nodded and she promptly covered her mouth with her hand as a smile broke through. \"I'm an aunt.\" \"Molly, I know I should've contacted you, but I got scared. I got scared that you would hate me so much for what I put you through- even though it was for your own good. I was terrified that you didn't... love you older brother anymore. But then I grew older and realized I had to get over the fear. I had to grow up and stop making excuses about what Mom and Dad did to me. It was too easy to hide behind fear. It was hard to be brave, but I now have the most wonderful girl in the world and the two most beautiful children who ever existed. I could never find you, but the moment I got your letter I came here to say do your worst because I'm not scared of it.\" He opened his arms wide and she merely stared- taking it all in. \"I love you,\" she finally answered, ignoring every single one of her bodies responses. It was hard, so much harder than just running into her apartment, but maybe it was time for her to grow up too. She hugged him again. \"I'm not mad in the slightest. I love you. I missed you.\" \"I love you too, Molly,\" he answered. Yet, even after all this her heart didn't really feel any better. Because this reunion was all courtesy of one person. A person she'd much rather forget altogether. December 23 rd 7:48 P.M. North Pole Arthur looked through the files as if possessed. He had to find it. He just had to. With success he pulled out the folder of one Abby Festivus and pulled out the page that contained her current address. He paused to read her letter to Santa- a Christmas adventure. Well, tomorrow she would be getting one. As he went to exit he noticed the folder still sitting out in the open. It was like someone ripped a bandage right off him. He grabbed it and pulled open the first drawer, stuffing it in there. The letter was missing but who cared. He wanted no one to look at this stupid folder ever- he noticed the shredder in the corner and proceeded to run the folder through it. There, now that was taken care of. He then realized how absurd that had been and quickly reigned himself in. There was a going off the deep end point and he was on the edge of that. It just… it still really hurt. It hurt him really bad. But he had to move on. Obviously his parents had known what was best for him all along. He knew now he was going to honor that. Arthur was going to do what he should have done. He was going to wake Abby up with his sleigh, ask her to come with him, and bring her to the North Pole to marry him and be his Mrs. Claus. She would be happy and he wanted to make her happy because that was all he could do now. Arthur was convinced he could never be happy again. Author's Note: Michael was never in the first draft, but after all your reaction I realized Molly needed more to spurn her down the path I had planned because she basically was a complete and total ... yeah. So I want to thank all of you for making this story even better and we'll see how this effects the road going forward.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Christmas Eve December 24 th 9:43 P.M. North Pole Arthur looked in the mirror. Not much had changed since last year. The suit was still a little big on him and there wasn't a beard in sight. He placed the hat on his head and let out a deep sigh. Tonight was the big night. By tomorrow morning he was going to have a girl. His parents were beyond delighted; his mom insisting it was the best choice. The take-off went on without a hitch, Steve directing from mission control. They were leaving early to beat the weather which seemed to be just on the horizon. He heard mumbling over the intercom about a reindeer being missing, but he hadn't had the heart to care. It was somehow solved and Bryony took her seat next to them as they left the hangar. The ship stopped and he noticed Bryony ready her harness. \"We're making a special stop,\" she said. He nodded as he was lowered in front of a house that was all too familiar to him. Bryony landed a moment later next to him, arms full of gifts. \"Do you remember this place?\" \"How could I not?\" he answered, a smile appearing on his face for the first time in a month. \"How old is she now?\" \"She's twelve-wrote you a letter just the same as every other year. She wants a very special gift this year: for her baby brother to have a magical first Christmas.\" Arthur broke into a broad grin. \"I think we can make that happen.\" The two entered the house and Bryony handed him the gifts as he stuck them under the tree. When they were finished he silently crept up the stairs to see a much older Gwen asleep in her bed just like five years before. He had been so wrapped up in his own things that he had forgotten his job: to make Christmas special for every child. If anyone believed in him they did. And maybe that was all they needed. He hugged Bryony as soon as they were back in the EVIE. \"Thank you.\" \"Sometimes we all need a little reminder,\" she answered. \"Shall we go to the next town and start making Christmas bright?\" \"Let's go!\" Arthur exclaimed, his purpose renewed and Christmas spirit just as present as before. Seeing Gwen made him happy. He could be happy. He would be happy. And now he had an entire world to make happy. December 24 th 10:19 P.M. Chicago Law Firm Molly looked at the clock on her phone and sighed. Any minute now she was expecting the other law firm to call so she could accept the job. Maybe a change of scenery would help things along. Meanwhile, she was in a stuffy conference room with her partners who were keeping a watchful eye on her. The orders were clear- she didn't get to go home until she finished the case. So Molly plugged away, a big stack of folders of previous cases next to her. Frustrated, she pulled one from the middle of the stack and flipped it open. This had to be from at least half a year ago. Suddenly, her phone started blaring. She swore she had it on vibrate. Everyone looked at her annoyed as she reached to answer it, but something stopped her. For the first time she actually listened to the lyrics of the song. Last Christmas I gave you my heart, but the very next day you gave it away. This year to save me from tears I'll give it to someone special. Someone special… one cleared his throat. She picked the phone up as she turned the documents pages. And there it was right where she had left it. She looked down at the letter she had composed when she was just seven years old. Her eyes darted over it as a voice droned in her ear and her partners merely glared. He insists it's pointless to write to you since you're not real but I know he has to be wrong. She had been right. She had been more right as a seven year old. You can do anything. He could. He really could because he had the biggest heart Molly had ever witnessed. And finally she read it. I believe in you Santa. And it hit her right then and there why her heart was so empty. She had lied. She believed. She believed she loved Arthur Christmas with all her heart and she believed she had made a horrible wrong decision. But most of all she believed she could change her future because deep down she loved Christmas. And this year she was going to give her heart to someone special! Molly Scrooge realized suddenly what her brother was talking about. No more blaming her name. No more blaiming her past. No more blaming Christmas. She had to grow up too. She had to stop letting this 'tragic past' keep her from what she wanted. She had to stop being scared of what could happen because she could end up with a happy life. She needed to get over herself. \"Forget it,\" she said to the voice in her ear and hung up the phone. She rose to her feet, sticking the letter in her coat pocket and putting her hat on. \"Where are you going?\" \"I, gentlemen, am going to live at the North Pole. So I quit! I hate this job. I hate all of you. I hate Chicago. So I am going to the North Pole to find Santa Claus and beg on my hands and knees for him to take me back because I love Christmas. I do. I love Christmas. Don't let the last name Scrooge confuse you, because Scrooge I am not anymore! Or maybe I am, just at the end of the story. Anyway, I am going to the North Pole somehow to find Santa Claus because not only do I believe in him, I love him. I'm in love with Santa Claus! Isn't that great? Best part, he loves me too! I don't know how, but he does! And he wants me happy, so I am going to go be happy with Santa Claus. I am going to hug him and kiss him and do other stuff I shouldn't mention in front of my bosses. But hey! You're not my bosses anymore. Let's just say I'm going to show him a Merry Christmas! So have a good night!\" She proceeded for the door. \"Merry Christmas to you all! God bless us everyone!\" She took a bow and then took off at a run. There was no time to lose. December 24 th 11:14 P.M. Here they were: Alaska. Arthur went to rise but Bryony stopped him. \"It's a pretty small town. I'm sure the elves have this one.\" \"Bryony-\" \"I'm not going to let you do it, Arthur. You're rushing into this because of what happened with Molly. But this is a mistake that I won't let you make because this one you can never take back. This is the one you have to live with forever.\" \"Please step aside.\" \"Okay, only if you can look me in the eye and tell me two things. Can you be happy with Abby Festivus?\" Arthur sighed. \"I believe I can be happy with her.\" She sized him up for a moment. \"Unfortunately, you pass that one but this is the more important. Do you still love Molly?\" He stared at her for a long time trying to come up with words when he merely fell back into his chair. \"Of course I still love her,\" he heard himself admit. Bryony nodded in satisfaction. \"You need time. There's always next Christmas if you still want her in another year. But you need to recover first because you deserve happiness just as much as anyone else- maybe even more so.\" He smiled. \"Well, we'll do that then. Let's go deliver some more presents!\" December 24 th 11:55 P.M. Chicago Apartment \"Molly, you can't be serious. Even if I bought this, which I don't by the way, you seriously think with the things you said he'll just forgive you?\" Michael had been in disbelief when she burst through the door and claimed she had to go be with Santa Claus. She knew Steve would be pretty angry at her just telling someone- or a whole boardroom- but it had to be done. Molly ran around her room like a crazy person throwing everything essential in a suitcase as she took a sip of her hot chocolate. She glanced down at her feet which were now adorned with the slippers Arthur had given her. She smiled just looking at them. God, how had she been so stupid and actually turned him down? Was she that petrified at being happy? She knew in her head what the obvious answer was, but that had changed. Arthur had shown her the true truth. She could be happy with him. She could get the happily ever after. Her life could be a romantic comedy and now was the time to rush to the airport before he got on the plane- figuratively of course. She was getting a happy ending. \"He has too.\" \"Why?\" \"Because we belong together. Trust me, I'm terrified of going back there. I said some pretty mean things-\" \"I sounds like you were a complete b-\" \"I was! Okay! But I have to go back. He might not forgive me. I'm acknowledging it could happen. But if I don't try I'm going to spend the rest of my life wishing that moment had never happened but never having tried to fix it. So you can either go back home or you can come with me.\" As she put on her coat and hat the obvious finally hit her as the adrenaline ran out: she had no clue how to get there. She couldn't call him. She couldn't just walk there. Michael had pulled on his coat and hat as well. \"I'm not saying I believe you, but I'm not letting you run off when you're obviously having a psychotic episode.\" She only had one choice. Molly climbed onto the roof with the full intention of camping out until the EVIE came, Michael right behind her. She'd find him or an elf somehow and get on the ship. From there it would be downhill. She sat on the ledge and just watched the night sky for any sign. She tried her best not to look down or she might just give up and she wasn't about to do that. \"Molly-\" \"He'll come.\" \"It's been-\" \"He'll come!\" Suddenly, a blur sent her tumbling off as it collided with her back. She screamed as she fell towards the pavement from a good four stories- squeezing her eyes shut. \"MOLLY!\" she heard Michael cry. He reached for her hand, but it was too late. Suddenly, she landed on something furry and warm who lowered her to the ground. It nuzzled her face and she instantly knew, eyes flying open. \"B-Bambi!\" Sure enough, the reindeer stood before her. She tackled him in a tight hug. \"I don't know how you knew buddy, but I'm so glad you came. Is Arthur here?\" He just looked at her and she noticed he had no harness. \"Oh no, you ran away to come to me.\" He nuzzled her hand. \"You're a rogue reindeer.\" It didn't look like she was going to have a cozy ride. \"Well, beggars can't be choosers I suppose.\" She took a deep breath and climbed onto his back. \"Alright, can you take me back to the North Pole please?\" He took off at a run and launched towards the sky. She just prayed he had enough of the Potash whatever it was to keep them up otherwise this was going to be a short flight. Michael just stared as B-Bambi landed on the top of the building. \"Come on, can't leave me to have a psychotic break all on my own,\" she smiled. He tentatively approached the reindeer and hopped onto it back behind her. \"This reindeer is going to take us to Santa Claus, isn't he? As in we're actually going to see Santa Claus.\" \"He prefers Arthur. And yes, we are.\" B-Bambi took off at a run and they were airborne again- shooting through the night sky. \"Somehow I told you so doesn't seem to cover it!\" she shouted behind her. She then noted how high they were. Molly intended to spend all of this flight with her eyes shut tight, arms pinned around B-Bambi's neck. She did. December 25 th 4:32 A.M. North Pole Steve had his eyes on the monitor of outside as the blizzard whipped around sending snow and hail everywhere. The EVIE was probably going to come out of this with quite a few dents, but as long as she made it home that was okay. Bryony had called in to tell him everything went well. Arthur was back to his almost usual self and there was no one named Abby Festivus aboard. In fact, he had a perfect run this year- not a single accident or clumsy incident. Steve was beyond proud of his brother at that moment. \"They're coming in!\" an elf shouted from the back. Steve returned his attention to the monitor to see the EVIE holding steady as she pulled into the hangar. Everyone burst into applause as it landed. Steve however couldn't help but note the door to the SPIRIT was open. \"Patch me through to Bryony,\" he ordered. \"Yes sir,\" Peter said, typing away at his HOHO. \"I've got her.\" \"Put her up on screen.\" Steve nodded and a moment later Bryony occupied the huge screen before all the elves. \"Bryony, what-\" \"It was the storm sir. One of the elves, they fell through a drop ring about half a mile back. Arthur… he…\" Steve frowned. He had an idea of what Arthur did- what Arthur would do. \"Bryony, I need you to talk to me.\" \"He ran out before I could stop him and took off with two reindeer in the SPIRIT. We haven't seen them since. Sir, it's really bad out there.\" Steve nodded, his mind already going. The screen returned to one of the storm. \"I want every surveillance camera up there in case someone spots them. Everyone keep an eye out. Peter, what's the temperature?\" \"It's about negative twelve sir with wind speed.\" \"Blast! That doesn't give him a lot of time.\" \"I see something,\" an elf shouted, pointing. Sure enough, dark blobs were visible in one of the cameras. \"Send out a crew. They might need help.\" A group of elves ran out to the blobs as a voice crinkled over the intercom. \"Sir, it's only the reindeer- both of them. The sleigh is nowhere in sight and now devoid of mode of transportation.\"[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: Voices December 25 th 4:46 A.M. North Pole Steve was pacing back and forth as the elves continued to stare at the monitors. They couldn't send a search party because they would only get lost and then they'd be even more men down. Arthur would have to be manually moving the sleigh or else abandon it altogether. He didn't stand much of a chance either way. He considered calling his parents who were asleep but couldn't bring himself to have them or himself prepare for the worst yet. \"I want Communications up and running with that sled.\" \"Our reports say outgoing is fine but the incoming device has been compromised. You can talk to him but he won't be able to talk back.\" Steve nodded and a podium was wheeled in with a microphone. Steve clicked a red button which began to glow. \"Arthur, it's Steve. I know you're in a poor situation but you need to keep fighting. You just have to make it to any door and we will get you. I promise. Don't give up on me or all those kids who need you for another seventy-five years. Just keep going. I believe in you.\" He clicked the button again, struggling to keep all his emotions under check. The last thing Arthur needed was for his calm and stoic brother to lose it on him. The elves from the EVIE started flooding in, peeling their eyes to the screen as well. Snow knocked some of the signals out and Steve groaned. This couldn't get any worse. \"Arthur!\" a voice rang out from the top of the stairs. Steve instantly froze at the voice. He heard footsteps run down the stairs and come to a squeaky halt as the voice crashed into the back of him. \"I'm sorry. These are really slippery on ice.\" He had to take a moment before turning and seeing it was indeed Molly Scrooge. \"Steve, is everything alright?\" Behind her was another person, a boy who looked older and had a very strong resemblence. The brother, it had to be. And if he was here- she'd told him. Great, this evening couldn't get any better. \"How did you-\" \"B-Bambi came to my apartment. We rode him here- we just beat the storm. We've been wandering for the past hour trying to find somebody. This place is enormous. So then I followed the elves when I saw them come in. Where's Arthur? I have to-\" \"Please remove her from the premises,\" Steve ordered, detached. A bunch of elves who had figured out her identity grabbed her by the arms and started dragging her towards the stairs. \"Wait. Let go of me. What's going on? Steve? Steve!\" He turned his back to her. \"What's happening is my baby brother is trapped out in a storm without any way of getting back, and right now you are in my way just like I warned you. And like I said, things aren't in my way for long.\" \"Steve, you can just-\" \"I can't just show you the door. Well, that's what I understand you did to him. Do you have any clue what these past few weeks have been like for him?\" \"I'm sorr-\" \"I'm not in the mood to hear it.\" The brother came to stand next to him. \"You-\" \"No, I totally see where you're coming from. But some of your cameras are being thrown out by the storm. I can fix them- I'm real good with that sort of stuff.\" Steve looked him over. \"If it was this guy saying those things to my sister I'd be the exact same way. I'm just trying to help you get your brother back, because I understand that too.\" Steve continued examining this Scrooge sibling before finally giving a nod of approval. He extended his hand. \"I'm Michael Scrooge.\" Steve returned it. \"Steve Christmas.\" \"It's going to be alright.\" \"I hope so.\" December 25 th 5:03 A.M. North Pole Molly's slippers slid across the ice as the elves continued to drag her back even as she fought. She couldn't believe this- Michael was acting all buddy buddy with the guy who was physically removing her from the North Pole. So much for sibling loyalty! But she had not flown all this way on a psychotic reindeer to just be shoved aside like this. She saw where Steve and Michael were coming from and deep down she deserved it. But if Arthur was in trouble, now was not the time. \"Steve, let me talk to him! Please! Let me talk to him!\" He wasn't even acknowledging her anymore. It was like when Arthur tried to convince her he was Santa Claus- a brick wall. He had warned her and she has obviously fulfilled that prophecy. How could she get him to change his mind? She knew it was crazy. It was all she had. 'The best way to spread Christmas cheer' as that Will Ferrell movie had said. It was completely stupid. But she had to try. Molly made one final lunge for her slippers and the music started echoing through the enormous Mission Control. \" You'd better watch out. You better not cry. You'd better not pout. I'm telling you why. Santa Claus is coming to town. \" She was far from the best singer but she put her heart in every note. All the elves were staring and they stopped pulling her. \" He sees you when you're sleeping. He knows when you're awake. \" The elf, Bryony, walked over to Steve and whispered to him. Michael was merely watching her, very confused by his sister's seemingly insane reaction. Finally, after what seemed like forever, Steve nodded at Bryony. \"Let her go.\" The elves backed off and she ran to him. \"Why did you come here?\" \"I came here to grow up and be happy.\" She felt her eyes swim with tears. \"You have to let me talk to him. He needs to know I came.\" \"Why is it so important he know?\" \"He needs to know I came to make him happy too.\" Molly did the opposite if what she'd done her entire life- let every emotion show through her eyes. She destroyed the wall and just showed Steve everything through her eyes. Finally, he gestured towards the microphone. Michael was busy at the controls, slowly bringing monitors back up on the screen. \"Click the button and talk. He can't answer.\" She nodded and walked up to the podium, fiddling with the buttons on her coat. She removed her hat and took a large deep breath- pushing the button. The red light came on and she forced the lump in her throat to disappear as she began. \"Art-Arthur it's me. It's Molly. I really hope you can hear me right now, but I'm just going to keep talking.\" She cleared her throat, all eyes locked on her as her voice steadily grew stronger. \"I'm here. I'm standing beside your brother right now at the North Pole in my slippers. I-I quit my job, turned down the promotion, packed a bag, and flew here on a very bad flyer of a reindeer. I came to you. I came for you. \"I said some unforgiveable things the last time you saw me- despicable horrible things that broke you heart right in front of me.\" Tears came to her eyes at the memory. \"It broke my heart too. I've been miserable even though I probably shouldn't complain. I am so sorry for what I said. I am so, so sorry. \"But I'm even sorrier for lying to you. I promised to tell you the truth and I didn't. I said I wasn't scared- but I was petrified. So many people have hurt me that I couldn't- it was so easy to open up to you and it terrified me. It would have been so easy so I freaked out. But you would never hurt me in any way and it's like that song you put on my phone. The first guy gives her heart away, but then she gives it to someone special and he takes care of it. \"I lied when I said I didn't love you. I love you with my entire heart and soul and everything I have. I love you and I know this is the real love because I cannot picture a moment worth living if you're not part of my life. So that also means I lied when I said you couldn't make me happy. You make me the happiest girl on Christmas and every other day of the year. I believe in Christmas because you are Christmas. You are what makes it so magical and now that I've found it I can never live without you. I don't want to live without you. That's how I know I love you. \"But most importantly, I lied when I said I didn't believe in you.\" She pulled the letter out of her pocket and smiled. \"'I believe in you Santa.' I was so much smarter when I was seven, you know. I stopped for so long.\" She couldn't stop the tears now and didn't want to. \"I was lonely for so long but then you were stuck in those lights. You made me laugh. You held me when I cried. You made me believe again like I did when I was a kid. I can never thank you enough for that. So you need to get back here so I can spend the rest of my life making it up to you. Because I'm not scared of life with you. I'm petrified of life without you.\" She looked at the letter again. \"'I believe in you Santa.' I will always believe in you with all my heart Arthur. That… is the truth.\" She felt her hand fall on the button and the light was gone. She slowly went to her knees sobbing. Michael pulled her up and hugged her as she just cried. He brought the final screen up. She had been too late. He was- \"Look!\" an elf shouted. Her eyes flew to the screen Michael had just pulled up. \"Over there! I see red!\" Sure enough, she could see it too! Her heart literally jumped out of her chest. \"Send out a team to help him!\" Steve ordered. A swarm of elves were soon out and pushing the sleigh through the door. Molly didn't waste a beat. She was running up the stairs. \"Molly!\" She turned to see Steve staring at her. She ran up to him. \"Listen, I know I screwed up! But I am seeing him, so don't-!\" \"This way's faster,\" Michael cut in, \"he said.\" He looked at Steve a long moment. \"Now it's you brother's turn to make the decisions. Either he forgives her or he doesn't. But you can't tell me she hasn't understood what she did to him.\" The two stared at one another before Steve moved aside. Molly didn't waste a second taking off, the entire North Pole behind her. December 25 th 6:18 A.M. North Pole Arthur was bruised, bleeding, and exhausted. He wanted to just pass out from the pain. But he knew he wouldn't forgive himself if he didn't see her first. He had to know that voice wasn't just an illusion. He had to know. He climbed out of the sled as the other elves closed the door behind him and helped the elf, Phil, out of the sleigh. He was worse for wear from the fall out of EVIE. His leg was begging him to fall to the floor, but he tried to say upright- gripping the sleigh for dear life. The door was thrown open and Steve emerged. He managed a weak wave as his brother hugged him. He then moved aside and she slid into view. Her hair was black and shorter, but it just made her more beautiful than before. She did even have the slippers on. They locked eyes for a long moment before she ran and practically jumped in his arms. Then everything went back.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: Believe December 25th 10:26 A.M. North Pole Michael stood against the wall looking off into space and just imagining Gwen's face if her told her all about this. His little girl loved Christmas more than anything. But Steve had made it clear that him knowing was something that could be lived with, but no one else could be let in on the secret. In retrospect, he was taking this all rather well. He hadn't imagined this when he finally got up the nerve to visit his sister. Speaking of, she was walking toward him- tears pouring down her eyes. \"They won't let me in to see him. They re-started his heart and he's unconscious but his parents won't let me in there.\" He gently grasped her shoulders and looked her in the eyes for a moment. \"You're right, babbling like a baboon isn't going to help my case any.\" She wiped her eyes and sighed. \"Let's try talking to them. You should be there.\" He gently guided his siter to the closed door of Arthur's room and knocked gently. He stepped in with Molly almost hiding behind him. Steve was on one side of the bed with his phone and his parents were on the other. The second the two of them caught sight of Molly their expressions turned to ice. \"Before you say anything,\" Michael started, hand protectively going in front of his sister, \"Let me tell you about the girl I knew when I was eighteen.\" He saw her eyes bug out, but he gave her a look to trust him. \"She was flighty, in trouble, scarred, and just about as naughty list as you could get.\" His parents raised their eyebrows but he kept going. \"I haven't seen her since and now I see who my sister has become both over time and through your son. She is compassionate, truthful, and so full of spirit and belief that when I look at her I see her when she was seven all over again. She loves your son and it is his choice what he wants to do with that love. I know how hurt he was but you cannot look into her eyes and honestly tell me she doesn't love him and needs to be here. She may be Molly Scrooge, but she is an amazing woman who made a mistake that she's hurting herself for. She doesn't need your condemnation as well. Please... give her a chance.\" He was met by blank stares so he took the opportunity to gently lead Molly over to the chair next to Steve and she took a seat. \"The reindeer are ready to take you home now that the storm's passed,\" Steve told him. Molly's head jerked. \"Molly, I have to go spen Christmas with my family. But I'm here for you and I'm never going away again.\" He pulled her in for a tight hug. \"I love you so much. And you did tell me so.\" \"I love you too.\" He pulled back and stared at her for a moment. \"Call me?\" He took her hand and nodded, causing the smallest smile to appear. With that, Michael rose and exited. He really hoped everything worked out for Molly. He really did. He'd have to visit soon. That there was no negotiating. December 26 th 10:26 A.M. North Pole \"Molly, you need to stop pacing. He'll wake up when he's ready,\" Steve commented from his seat. Molly merely shot him a look and kept walking. Arthur's mom and dad sat on the other side if the bed where their son was currently unconscious. She walked to his side and looked at him. His face was bruised and scratched from the hail and his heart had literally stopped from the cold when he'd collapsed in her arms. The elf had said when the reindeer broke loose he had physically tried to push the sleigh back to the base- leaving his coat around the elf so he could keep warm. He had slipped and managed to injure his leg pretty bad in the process. The doctor elves (apparently they existed) had promised he would be alright. He would wake up when he had recovered enough. They'd all have to be patient. Her patience was wearing thin though. She then noticed his mother looking something over. \"What do you have there?\" The two of them hadn't spoken since her brother had made his decleration. Steve had been trying to keep her calm, but his parents had been silent. She knew she had to start again somewhere. It would break Arthur's heart if she couldn't get along with his parents. \"Oh, it's a treaty I'm looking over.\" She paused a moment. \"You want to join me. You should probably start becoming comfortable with this stuff. It's a lot of work to hold the North Pole together but... I have a feeling you're going to be even better than I was.\" She noticed Steve let a satisfied smile appear on his face. \"That would be great.\" She took a seat next to her and looked her in the eye. \"Thank you Mrs. Claus.\" \"I'm not that anymore. Soon enough though, I think you're going to be.\" A very tiny part of her went into survival mode but a larger part caused her to break out into a huge smile. \"I hope so.\" December 28 th 10:36 A.M. North Pole Arthur ached all over. Once a wave of pain and grogginess subsided he slowly opened his eyes. He was in his room all warm and cozy in his bed. Moments started coming back to him: Gwen, delivering all the gifts, the elf falling out, the snow, the hail, the wind, the cold, and the most important one- her voice coming in slow and steady saying the most amazing things he'd ever heard. She kept him going. He heard a sigh and turned his head to see her curled up in an armchair, asleep. She- she must have been here the entire time. Her words kept echoing through his head. She looked even prettier than before in a pair of jean with a huge Christmas sweater that had to have come from his closet. He felt his heart skip a beat just looking at her. She loved him. She believed in him. She was here. Her eyes opened and took a second to register that he was awake, but when they did she practically leapt out of the chair. She jumped on top of him and pulled him in for a hug. It hurt but the moment far outweighed the pain. \"Molly, you're kind of…\" She shifted back so her knees were on either side of him, hovering at eye level. She looked at him for a moment before grabbing his collar and pulling him in for a full on kiss. There were fireworks going off in his brain. His train of thought de-railed as her hands locked behind his neck and she leaned in even more. Yeah, he was pretty sure he was Jell-O right now. She finally pulled back and both of them were blushing furiously. \"Sorry, that was… I just… you must want your family. I sent them to breakfast, but-\" he grabbed her wrist to keep her from leaving. \"You're fine. I want you here. I always will want you here.\" \"And I'm always going to be here. I'm so sorry for-\" Arthur cut her off before searching his brain to find the right words. \"Molly... we both... what I'm trying to say is...my hand belongs in you hand,\" he smiled. He took her hand. She almost sighed in relief. She always got what he was trying to say. Then the perfect words finally came. \"I forgive you. I love you. I heard every word and you... you saved my life.\" \"I love you too!\" And she kissed him again, only stopping when they both needed oxygen. \"Don't ever scare me like that again.\" He could only nod. \"I meant every word. I don't want to live without you.\" \"That's great because I feel the exact same way.\" He paused and smiled at her like a complete idiot. She just smiled back, radiant as ever. \"I like your slippers.\" \"I do too. They sing, you know.\" She reached down and pushed the button and started to sing along. \"Silent night,\" Arthur joined in, \"Holy night.\" They both faltered on the next lyrics and started laughing. December 25th 6:39 A.M. Arthur couldn't help but laugh when he found Molly passed out in his bed when he finally got through discussing how this year went even better than the last. He had noticed her absence but was confused when she wasn't in her own room. He took a seat next to her and she slowly woke up. \"I'm sorry. I slept through it, didn't I?\" \"Ah, you're fine. The elves missed seeing you though.\" Ever since she had used her lawyer skills to bring the elf union a daily cookie break Arthur swore she was more popular than he was. \"I swore to myself- ten minute nap.\" She sat up and leaned against him. \"How'd it go?\" \"Perfect. Your brother left this next to the milk and cookies,\" he said, handing her a Christmas card of her niece and nephew. \"He wants you to visit sometime this month.\" \"Great- I do have all of January off. So... what did Santa get me for Christmas this year?\" He yawned as he tried to answer and she rose. \"Oh, you must be exhausted. I'll let you rest and go help your mom with Christmas dinner.\" She leaned in for one long kiss that like usual turned Arthur's brain to a jelly. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" She started out when he noticed a paper on her night stand. He saw it was her letter. \"You know,\" he called, making her turn and see him reading the letter over, \"if I remember correctly you have two wishes in that letter.\" She looked at him confused. \"I can't grant the first unfortunately.\" She grabbed the letter and started reading frantically, only to stop and look at him. \"Since you hate the last name Scrooge so much, how does Molly Christmas sound?\" \"It sounds like the greatest gift Santa could ever give me.\" She kissed him again. \"When did you get so smooth?\" \"It was always locked up there somewhere. You just bring it out of me like I do with you.\" She laughed in agreement before leaning in a placing her head against his. He could see it now- a beyond happy life with a Mrs. Claus he loved. They'd make Christmas special for decades, her brother would be at their wedding, , they'd drink hot chocolate together, maybe one time his klutziness would put him out of commission and she's have be Santa for a year (another story for another time), and then out of their five kids their middle girl would become the first female Santa Claus (also another story for another time). They would make everyone happy together. It would be perfect. She seemed to read his mind. \"This is the part of the romantic comedy where we live happily ever after,\" she whispered. They did. I have to thank all of the beyond amazing fans of this story for each and every review. You were all so loving and open and opinionated and I loved every second of it. I was also considering another story since I think there's a lot more between these two- maybe a series of one-shots about some moments with the Christmases. Let me know it that's worth pursuing. I'll let you know when I do. Thank you again and I hope everyone had a wonderful, magical, safe holiday. Thank you. ","Summary":" Arthur Christmas: Scrooged Chapter 1: Christmas Lights Christmas 12:03 A.M. Chicago, Illinois Unite"},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"An Unlikely Path","Author":"Joy4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1475977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thank you for reading my story. My fanfic follows the Theatrical release of the film, where Stuart and Leopold are not related. As Leopold elegantly waltzed Kate around the dance floor, she was aware of every eye in the room upon her. But no one's stare was more fervent than that of Leopold's Uncle Millard and Miss Tree; both sporting identical wide-eyed, gaping mouth expressions. As she looked about the room, with each turn, Kate felt as if she was on an elaborate movie set. Kate was certain this could not be real. All these people had to be actors or she was deep inside a cruel dream. Kate's heart pounded relentlessly and she felt as if she might faint. Leopold must have sensed the urgency in Kate's expression, because he quickly led her from the dance floor and up the stairs; the very stairs Kate had just descended to accept her new position at CRG. Leopold thought it best to avoid a publicly embarrassing confrontation with his Uncle, which Millard was quite capable of. He pulled Kate into the first room at the top of the stairs, quickly closing the door. They stood facing each other for a moment, before Kate fell into Leopold's arms. \"Leopold\" Kate whispered breathlessly. \"This can't be real.\" \"I can not quite believe this is real myself, but I am holding you and you feel very real to me.\" Leopold said as he gently caressed Kate's face. \"How is it that you are here? Stuart said quite adamently that I could not stay nor would I ever see you again.\" \"Stuart said he was wrong and that I belong here ... this is how it's supposed to be.\" \"And, just how did he arrive at this conclusion?\" Leopold asked . Kate told Leopold about her speech and the pictures she was in. \"I don't understand it either... I think Stuart is the only one who really does. But, here I am.\" Kate paused as her eyes welled with tears. \" Oh God...I hope you still want me. I can never go back but I didn't know how I was going to live without you.\" Leopold touched his hand to Kate's face and smiled as he wiped a stray tear away. \"You will never have to live without me. You are home now.\" Leopold kissed Kate with a passion they had both only dreamt about. Downstairs, the sound of hushed whispers filled the room, as Otis signaled for the music to resume. Millard yelled for Otis, demanding to see Leopold in his study, at once. Kate and Leopold were still in an embrace, when they were interrupted by a loud knock. Leopold opened the door and ushered Otis into the room. \"Your Uncle wishes to see you in his study, at once, your Grace.\" \"Ah, what a surprise. Well, I must admit that I am rather looking forward to this.\" Leopold said with a decidedly wicked smile. Otis raised his eyebrows in a very discrete manner and an almost indiscernible grin. \"Well, my dearest Katherine, as much as I hate to leave you, for even a second, I must attend to my Uncle. Otis, can you take care of Katherine for me? I promise to return as quickly as I can.\" Leopold kissed Kate's hand and said, smiling, as he walked out the door, \" If I do not return within an hour, send a search party out for me.\" Leopold made his way down the stairs, confident that Otis would not ask Kate too many questions, which she certainly would not be able to answer. Otis offered Kate a glass of wine, which she readily accepted. He returned promptly and Kate assured him she was fine to wait alone. Otis obliged hesitantly, and left Kate. She took a few gulps of wine and began surveying the room. It was apparently a small library and she made her way over to a handsome leather sofa near a window. Kate looked out onto Old Madison Ave, dimly lit with gas streetlights. \"Utterly amazing\" Kate murmured to herself as she took a deep breath and another gulp of wine. Kate sat on the sofa and soon stretched out, as exhaustion set in. Her mind was a whirlwind of thoughts. Her first thought was of Charlie and what would become of him. Kate's mother had been widowed when they were very young and had struggled to raise Kate and Charlie alone. Before she died, only 3 short years ago, Kate promised her mother that she would take care of Charlie until he was self-sufficient. Kate had teased her ailing mother, saying that she might very well be taking care of Charlie for the rest of his life, in that case. Kate managed to rise above their financially limited upbringing. She excelled academically and completed her Master's Degree in Marketing. In a short time, she worked herself up the ranks at CRG. Charlie, on the other hand, barely managed to graduate high school. His father's death had impacted him so deeply. Loveable and endearing, Charlie wandered aimlessly from one job to another. After watching a friend perform in a play, Charlie became fascinated with acting. He enrolled in college and decided to pursue theatre arts as a major. Kate was thoroughly surprised after seeing Charlie perform in school productions. He actually was quite talented. Although Kate doubted he could support himself this way, she was supportive and happy Charlie had found some direction in life. But, now what? She had broken her promise to her mother. He was totally alone, with little income and living in Kate's relatively expensive apartment. She began calculating in her mind when the rent was next due. Kate was overwhelmed with guilt over leaving her brother behind. Her thoughts then shifted to CRG. She had worked so hard to achieve her success, but at the moment of seeing those pictures, that no longer mattered. Kate wondered what they thought had become of her. She didn't want people to believe she jumped off of a bridge, but rather just walked away from her promotion. Of course, she had no way to ever know what the world thought happened to Kate McKay. Kate closed her eyes and was soon asleep on the sofa. Downstairs, guests passed Leopold as they began leaving the party. He spied Miss Tree, looking red-eyed and weepy as he walked down the hallway. Hesitating before knocking on the study door, Leopold wondered how his Uncle grew to be such a cold and disdainful man. Leopold's beloved father was a compassionate man with an infectious sense of humor. He wondered how two brothers could grow so differently. Leopold's parents died within three years of each other, when he was just a boy. His Uncle was granted guardianship of Leopold and controlling power of the family fortune. Millard failed to invest wisely while frivolously squandering the assets, leaving the family in great debt. Millard brought the family to America, seeking greener pastures. He had hoped to secure a rich bride for Leopold, thus, saving the Mountbattens from total financial ruin. He thought their future was secured tonight, until Leopold failed to choose Miss Tree as his bride. Leopold drew in a deep breath, rolled his eyes and prepared for his Uncle's wrath, as he knocked on the study door. \"Come in\" bellowed his Uncle. Millard sat behind his desk, clearly enraged. \"Leopold, I demand explication!\" \"Well Uncle, there is not much to explain as I can see. I was ordered to choose a bride tonight and I did just that.\" Leopold answered matter-of-factly. \"A rich bride, Leopold. Not just a bride.\" \"I chose to marry for love not fortune. I would be living in misery married to Miss Tree.\" \" Miserable, but financially secure, Leopold. If you marry a woman of no means and live in poverty, even the deepest love will turn to misery. How are you even acquainted with this woman? Who is her family?\" \" Kate has no family, she lost both her parents as I have. We met while I was, um… traveling and have been corresponding by letter. \" He hoped his Uncle would not press for more information. Leopold was already growing weary of this conversation. He only wanted to return to Kate, but knew he had to make arrangements for her. \"Uncle, Kate's belongings seem to have gone astray during her journey. She will be needing a wardrobe.\" \"A wardrobe? She may stay until she secures passage back to where ever she came from. I am not in the habit of taking in stray women.\" Leopold should have been used to the tactless and unkind things that came from his Uncle's mouth, but he was not. \" Kate is an accomplished and educated woman of great character. If you would not be so blinded by money, you might come to admire her.\" \" I have no intentions of any such thing. And be informed, Leopold, I will never give my consent to this marriage.\" \"But, I do not need your consent now, do I.\" replied Leopold, whose anger grew with each breath. \"If you wish to live under this roof you do. And that, is my final word. You may secure Constance's assistance for Miss McKay. This conversation is over.\" Leopold quickly walked out the study, slamming the door just a bit harder than he should have. He found Otis standing outside of the library. \" Miss McKay has fallen asleep, your Grace.\" \"Thank you Otis. Could you ask Constance to ready my cousin's quarters for Kate? We shall be there shortly.\" \"Yes, your Grace.\" nodded Otis. Leopold quietly entered the room and found Kate asleep on the sofa. He stood there for a long moment watching her and still not quite believing that this was real. He sat next to Kate and began softly stroking her hair until she awoke. \"Leopold, you're back. So...how did it go with your Uncle? He hates me...doesn't he?\" \"It went as well as can be expected Kate. My Uncle will be fine, once he mourns the loss of Miss Tree's fortune.\" \"Leopold, what happens now? I don't have anything; no clothes, no money…nothing.\" \"No Kate, you are wrong. You and I, we have each other and that is everything.\" Leopold put his hand inside his jacket pocket, pulling out his mother's ring. He had kept it in his pocket each day as a reminder of Kate. He had prayed for this moment but never quite believed it could happen. Kate took a deep breath, as Leopold got down on one knee and looked intently into her eyes. \"I love you desperately Kate. Would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?\" Kate's eyes welled with tears as she nodded and whispered \" yes .\" Leopold slipped the ring onto her finger. It fit as if it were custom- made for her. Kate looked at her finger, recalling the day she saw the ring for the first time. Leopold smiled and kissed Kate; holding her tightly. \"You must be exhausted my dear. You shall be staying in my cousin Sarah's quarters. You both appear to be of similar size and her wardrobe will suit you well. Constance, my Aunt's maid will be assisting you.\" \"Where are your cousin and Aunt, Leopold? Did I see them tonight?\" He hesitated before responding. \"There is a family matter and they have returned to England for a period of time. But we will speak more about this tomorrow.\" Leopold kissed Kate one more time. \"Come my darling, let us get you settled.\" As they walked, Leopold assured Kate not to worry about the staff asking any questions. He explained that it would be inappropriate for them to do so. He tried to tactfully describe such rudimentary things as what indoor plumbing was like in 1876 and other such useful information. Kate chuckled, although she was starting to worry about the lack of the modern comforts she was certainly used to. She followed Leopold up another flight of stairs and to the open door of a well-appointed and large room. \"These are your quarters, my dear.\" Kate peered inside, \"Oh, what a beautiful room. Come inside.\" She called, holding out her hand. \"I am afraid I cannot do that Kate. Men do not enter ladies quarters unless they are married. However, I much prefer your customs in this regard.\" A cheery looking, older woman appeared at the doorway. \"Constance, may I present Miss Katherine McKay to you.\" said Leopold. \"Why, it is a pleasure to meet you Miss McKay.\" \"Thank you, it's a pleasure to meet you too.\" replied Kate. \"Constance, please take good care of my girl for me. She has consented to be my wife, you know.\" \"Oh my! What wonderful news, your Grace. Congratulations to you both!\" The expression on Leopold's face, as he looked at Kate was something Constance had never witnessed before. She smiled to herself and felt such happiness for him. Constance also had cared for Leopold since he was a young boy, and felt he was more like a son than a royal subject. \"Please come in, Miss McKay. Good night, your Grace.\" Constance smiled at Leopold. He kissed Kate's hand. \"I love you Kate…sleep well.\" \"I love you too.\" Kate whispered back in return. \" Good night, your Grace !\" Constance said as she took Kate by the arm, leading her into the room. Kate turned and looked at Leopold one more time. Their eyes met as Constance closed the door. Leopold turned and walked down the hallway. He could only pray that this was not a dream. Kate looked around the elegantly appointed room. \" I think you shall be quite comfortable here. I have laid out some sleeping garments for you. May I assist you?\" \" I'm not used to someone helping me. Would you mind if I was alone?\" Kate responded, hoping that she would not offend Constance. \"If you insist, Miss McKay. But, ring if you need any assistance and when you need the light turned down. You may hang your gown here.\" Constance said as she pointed to a closet and then turned down the bed. \"Thank you so much.\" Kate forced a smile. Constance reluctantly left Kate alone. She hoped this would not displease Leopold, as it was quite unacceptable to do such a thing. Kate surveyed the exquisite room. Leopold had described their rather primitive plumbing, which certainly did not please Kate. The bathroom was found and Kate hoped she used the contraption correctly. Kate began to undress and a small folded piece of paper fell to the floor. She had forgotten that Stuart had given it to her when Charlie was not looking. She had tucked it into the top of her dress. Stuart had told her not to read it until she had gotten there. Kate sat on the side of the bed and slowly unfolded the paper. Seeing Stuart's familiar handwriting brought tears to Kate's eyes. Dear Kate, I wish you happiness with Leopold. But, you have one chance only to change your mind. Next Friday the portal will be open until midnight. I am sure of it. I just had to let you know. Stuart Kate took a deep breath. She had not expected this. Stuart had seemed so firm in his conviction that this was where Kate was supposed to be. She wondered what was the motivation behind this final act of compassion. At this moment, Kate could not even contemplate such a thing. She was fully committed to Leopold and their new life together. Kate carefully folded the note into a small square. She removed her gown and ripped a small section of the hem open, Kate tucked the note inside. She hung the gown in the far end of the closet, hoping to hide the last fragment of her past. Upstairs, Leopold shared his elation with Otis, as his quarters were readied for the night. \" Otis, who would believe that a person could experience such despondency and such joy in one evening?\" \"Yes, quite an extraordinary turn of events, your Grace. I am exceedingly happy for you. However, I do not believe your Uncle is quite sharing in your delight.\" \"Well, that was to be expected. But, I believe he will come around to find Kate as delightful as I do.\" \" One can only hope, your Grace.\" Once alone, Leopold could not fathom being able to fall asleep. He ached to hold Kate in his arms. Wished he could hold her all night as he did just a few days ago. However, in 1876, this would be unheard of. Throwing caution to the wind, Leopold tiptoed barefoot to Kate's room. Barely asleep, she woke to a faint knock on the door. She slowly opened the door, to see Leopold standing in his robe. \"Leopold, what's wrong?\" \"Nothing is wrong, Kate. I needed to hold you once more. To be certain I am not dreaming.\" He took Kate into his arms, stroked her hair and kissed her softly. \"Sleep well, Kate. We will spend a glorious day tomorrow.\" One last kiss and Leopold made his way, undetected, back to his quarters. Despite longing to stay together, they both slept blissfully happy. Tomorrow could not come soon enough.[Chapter 2] A new life, in annunfamiliar world was beginning for Kate. The people she left behindnwould be faced with questions and challenges they never imagined. As Charlie and Stuartnwatched Kate's last seconds in their world, they never got to seenher final moment. Interrupted by a police officer, she was then gonenforever. Charlie was grateful that his last image of Kate wouldnalways be her beautiful face, filled with anticipation, rather thannher fearless plunge toward the East River. To Stuart, that moment wasnalmost the crowning achievement in his scientific research. The police officernradioed for help. Within seconds, the sound of sirens was heardnheading toward the bridge. Several late night pedestrians returningnhome to Brooklyn, stopped to watch the ensuing commotion. Stuart andnCharlie began to panic, realizing the enormity of just how muchntrouble they could be in. Within moments, the rescue activity on thenbridge and in the water was in full force. Whether it was fate orndivine intervention, they would never know, but a multi-vehiclencollision occurred. With all attention turning to the roadway belownand almost miraculously, Charlie and Stuart were able to slip awayninto the darkness. They walked briskly and with hearts pounding theyndebated whether it was best to go home or not. They decided it wouldnbe safest to stay out of any public areas and headed straight forntheir apartment building. Once inside, theynbypassed the elevator and sprinted up the stairs to Stuart'snapartment. Slamming the door behind them, they both fell onto thensofa, out of breath and exhausted. Aside from Bart's whining, therenwas silence for what seemed to be forever. There was nothing fittingnto be said at such a moment. Finally, Charlie broke the silence. \"My God Stuart, howndo you know that Kate didn't kill herself? Maybe they're going tonfind her body in the river. How could I have let her do that? \"nCharlie's frantic voice cracked, as he tried to hold back hisntears. \"Charlie, you saw thenpictures, she was there! There's no question she made it. She'snhome now.\" \"Home? This is hernhome.\" \"No, she belongednthere. Everything that happened was supposed to happen.\" \"Jesus Christ Stuart,nthis is insanity. I can't believe I let my sister jump off of anbridge. I must be insane. What the hell I am going to do. She's allnI had.\" Charlie put his head into his hands, choking back hisntears. Although emotionallyndistant in general, Stuart tried his best to comfort Charlie. \"HeynCharlie, I'm here for you. Hell, we could have almost beennbrother-in-laws, had I not been such a crappy boyfriend to Kate.\" \"Yeah, well that'sna lot of comfort. So, now what? Are they going to find us? What do wendo?\" \"I think we betternlay low for awhile. Watch the news in the morning; maybe we'll getna better idea if they have good descriptions. Want to hang out here?nMaybe you don't want to go up there tonight?\" \"Yeah thanks Stuart,nI don't think I could go in there right now.\" Stuart sat in hisnchair, watching Charlie pace the floor, nervously. Eventually,nCharlie stretched out on the sofa, much to Stuart's relief. nNeither felt compelled to engage in awkward conversation. The silencenwas actually consoling, as they both thought of Kate. Charlie turnednthe television on and clicked from channel to channel. Emotionallynexhausted, they both fell asleep rather quickly. Charlie woke earlynin the morning to the sounds of the early local news on thentelevision. Still not fully conscious, he was jolted awake when henheard the words, \"Brooklyn Bridge\". Charlie opened his eyes andnfelt an icy cold sweep through his body. \"Holy shit! Stu,nwake up!\" Stuart woke in flashnand they both sat, leaning over toward the television, eyes glued.nThere was a special news report about a rescue recovery at thenBrooklyn Bridge. Charlie, secretly hoping Kate was found alive,npraying they did not find a body. Stuart knew that Kate would nevernbe found. They listened intently to the newscaster, on location. \"An unidentifiednwoman jumped from the Brooklyn Bridge late last night atnapproximately 11:45. A New York City police officer arrived afternpassing motorists reported a woman crossing the steel girders aboventhe vehicle lanes. Rescue operations have been unsuccessful innlocating a survivor. Witnesses describe two men who were observed tonbe standing on the bridge. It was unclear if they were with the womannor were pedestrians who happen to be on the bridge at the same time.nThere were no detailed descriptions of either the woman or the men onnthe bridge, due to the darkness. However, several witnesses in carsndescribe her as wearing a long dress. The police officer describednthe men as Caucasian, with brown hair and in their 30's. Hendescribed the woman as also Caucasian and in her 30's as well. Shenwas possibly blonde. That's all the information we have at thisntime. We'll update you as more information comes in.\" Charlie and Stuartnbreathed a sigh of relief. They looked at each other, shaking theirnheads \"I don't know Stuart, I think I'll be afraid to gonoutside for awhile.\" \"Don't actnsuspicious, or you'll make yourself suspicious. You know what Inmean?\" replied Stuart. \"What the hell will Insay when someone from CRG calls? Uh, Kate's not here, she took anlittle trip?\" \"Hey, you'll thinknof something. Just don't pick up till you're ready.\" \"Well, I'm going upnthere Stuart. I've got to do it.\" \"Want some company\" \"No, thanks. I havento do this on my own. Damn, I don't even know when the rent is duenor how I would even pay it. I wish I had done more when Kate wasnhere. Too late now.\" Charlie looked forlorn as he headed for thendoor. He poked around his pocket for the keys. \"See ya later, Stu.\" Stuart nodded andnheaded for the phone. Charlie walked slowlyndown the flight of stairs. He hesitated as he put the key in thendoor, before opening it and walking in. \"Kate, I'm home\"nCharlie whispered, as he shook his head with a pained look in hisneyes. Charlie walked from room to room, looking for any sign thatnKate was there. The apartment was just as she left it; neat as a pinnand everything in its place. Charlie walked into Kate's room. Onnthe dresser he found Leopold's invitation to dinner and a rosensaved from their rooftop date. He walked into the kitchen and saw thenanswering machine blinking with countless number of messages. Charlienwas reluctant to press the button. As he did, he slumped down in thenchair. \"Hey Charlie, it'snme. Don't forget I have that dinner tonight. I'll be pretty late.nWe'll celebrate tomorrow night. There's chicken in the fridge ifnyou want. Have a good night.\" Charlie's blood ranncold and he felt as if he had been punched in the gut. \"Kate, its JJ. Whatnkind of stunt was that? Where the hell are you? You better call menKate. I don't even know what to say right now.\" \"Kate, it's Darcy.nJJ just called me. Kate, what's going on? Please call me!\" \"Kate, it's JJnagain. It's 3AM. Where are you? You have me worried here Kate. nCall me!.\" \"Kate, it's Darcy.nPlease call me. Please.\" \"Kate, look, I don'tnknow what the hell is going on. I don't know if I should fire younright now, or if you've lost your mind. Geeze Kate, I'm going tonstart thinking that you're the one who jumped off the bridge lastnnight. Hey, bad joke, I know. Kate, help me out here. I have the bignwigs breathing down my neck. You have to call me Kate, I mean it.\" The machine buzzed,nindicating the last message. Charlie deleted them all, except Kate's. Charlie did not knownwhat to do with himself. He climbed into his bed and pulled thencovers up over his head. He was woken up at 9 by the phone. Halfnasleep, he picked it up without thinking. \"Is this Charlie?\" \"Uh, yeah. Who isnthis?\" \"Charlie, this is JJ.nWhere the hell is Kate? What's going on? I saw you and that lamenex-boyfriend of hers last night. Put Kate on the phone.\" \"Well, JJ, I can't.nShe's not here.\" \"Where is she? She'snin a lot of trouble\" \"There was a familynemergency. That's why I was there, to tell her.\" \"What family? As farnas I knew, you're her only family.\" \"Well, you see JJ,nthere's this, uh, Aunt.\" \"An Aunt?\" \"Yeah, an Aunt. She'snsick.\" \"Where does shenlive?\" \"Uh, in, uh, Albany.\" \"Albany. Did shendrive?\" \"Yeah, she rented ancar and drove upstate. I haven't heard from her yet.\" \"Well, when you do,ntell her she better call me immediately.\" \"Sure JJ.\" Charlie ended the callnand unplugged the phone. He crawled back into bed, pulling thencovers back over his head. Perhaps he would wake up to find this wasnall a bad dream.[Chapter 3] Kate woke Tuesday morning to the distinct sound of pouring water. She slowly opened her eyes, as her head lay on the thick feather pillow. It took just a second for Kate to realize this was not at all a dream, but that she was truly here in 1876. Constance peeked out from inside the bathroom and saw that Kate was awake. \"Good morning Miss McKay. I am sorry if I have disturbed you, but the morning hour is growing late and Leopold is anxiously waiting for you in the breakfast room.\" \"Growing late? What time is it?\" \"Why, it is almost 9:30.\" Kate sat up quickly, almost in a panic. \"Oh my gosh, I never sleep this late.\" This was indeed true. Kate was an early riser, even on weekends. She had her weekday morning routine down to a science. Up at 6, make coffee, yoga while studying notes for work, shower, get dressed, read the paper with her coffee and out the door to catch the subway by 8. \"There is no problem. You must have been quite exhausted from your long journey. I thought you might like a bath and prepared one for you.\" Kate would have preferred a shower, but guessed that they were something in her past now. She liked baths, but more for relaxing. Hot, steamy showers were part of her morning ritual. This would take some getting used to. Kate hoped that plumbing innovations were just around the corner. Kate thought of what to say to Constance, to indicate she did not want any help with the bath. She was a sweet woman and Kate did not want to offend her. After all, she was just doing her job. But, Kate could not imagine being helped with such a thing. In the end, however, Kate decided to just go along with the protocol of the day and start getting accustomed to her new life as a future Duchess. That made her laugh inside, the thought of her being royalty. If only that snobby Massapequa High School Prom Queen Karen Rose could see her now. Now that was poetic justice, thought Kate. The bath was actually quite lovely. The water was scented with some sort of bath salts. Constance respected Kate's privacy and puttered around the bedroom, only lending a hand when necessary. Kate was not thrilled to be washing her hair with bar soap, but apparently shampoo had not yet been invented. Constance rinsed Kate's hair with cider vinegar, washing away any soap residue. Kate dried off with a thick towel and picked a rather pretty outfit to wear. Leopold's cousin had a vast wardrobe and there was much to pick from. The long skirt and jacket was not that far off from something Kate would have had in her own closet. She had a few extra under-layers she was not used to and some rather uncomfortable boots. Kate sat at the dressing table and attempted to fix her hair. \"Let me assist you.\" Constance offered. Kate obliged, not having a clue as how to make her hair looked as if she belonged. \"Forgive me, but I must say that American ladies have unique hair designs.\" Kate laughed. \"If you are referring to my chopped up haircut, let's say that this was an experiment gone bad. It seemed like a good idea at the time.\" \"Well, you certainly do have beautiful hair and it will look lovely.\" Constance pinned Kate's hair up artfully. She offered Kate some of Ann's make-up. A small pot of rouge, which doubled as blush and lipstick, added color to Kate's face. Kate never wore a lot of make-up, so she was not missing her cosmetics right away. She was missing her moisturizer and the other lotions and potions she loved to buy. Kate stood up and looked at her reflection in the dressing mirror. It was not so bad. Kate was rather pleasantly surprised. \"I do say you look quite lovely, Miss McKay.\" \"Thanks Constance. Oh, and please, call me Kate. This Miss McKay thing is way too formal for me. I am just an everyday person, about as far away from royalty as a person can get.\" \"If you insist, but I will call you Miss Kate. Is that acceptable?\" \"Sure, that's a deal.\" Constance was amused with Kate's manner of speech and informality. She felt that Kate was a fine match for Leopold's unorthodox way of viewing life; as a Duke. Kate took a deep breath, as she walked to the door. \"Wish me luck, Constance. I am afraid that Leopold's Uncle Millard is not very pleased with my presence. To be honest, he scares me.\" \"Now, now, do not let him frighten you. His bark is worse than his bite. Since Lady Mountbatten and Miss Ann have gone abroad to care for Miss Rebecca, he has been quite downcast.\" \"Miss Rebecca? Is she Leopold's cousin?\" \"Why yes, his Grace has not informed you of the family matter?\" asked Constance. \"Uh, no. I am afraid not.\" \"Oh dear. Forgive me. I think it best that Master Leopold inform you of the circumstance.\" Constance was visibly upset by what she felt was a lapse of judgement on her part. Kate assured her it was fine, but was anxious to find out what the big secret was. Kate took a deep breath and headed out the door to the breakfast room. Otis met her in the hallway and escorted her downstairs. Kate's heart was pounding as she wiped beads of nervous sweat from her face. She was anxious to see Leopold but dreading the sight of his uncle. Kate entered the room and apparently interrupted a heated conversation between Leopold and his uncle. Leopold jumped to his feet, to greet her. \"Good morning, my dear. You look absolutely lovely.\" Leopold walked over and took Kate's hand, kissing it several times. He had woken up before the sun rose, unable to contain his excitement at seeing Kate in the morning. The hours waiting for Kate seemed to last an eternity. He looked at Kate lovingly, thinking she grew more beautiful each time he saw her. Millard sat at the table, rising half-heartedly as Kate walked toward the table. He grumbled good morning and excused himself from the table. Kate's expression mirrored her discomfort. \"Oh Kate, never mind him. Come join me for breakfast, I waited for you.\" \"Leopold, how can I ignore that?\" Kate looked up and saw several of the house staff prepared to serve them. She knew enough to remain silent about Millard for now. Kate nodded and sat as Leopold pulled the chair out for her. On the table lay the most elaborate breakfast display. Leopold's description of the culinary arts was right on target. \"My goodness Leopold, do you eat like this everyday?\" Leopold explained that cooking and entertaining in the Victorian era was extravagant for the upper classes. They enjoyed large breakfasts, light lunches, afternoon tea and late dinners, consisting of many courses. \"I hope you'll love me when I gain weight, Leopold.\" \"I will love you no matter what the shape or size.\" Kate and Leopold enjoyed a sumptuous breakfast. He playfully held her hand under the table whenever he could. \"Marry me Kate.\" Leopold said softly, so the staff would not hear him. \"I am going to marry you Leopold.\" Kate whispered back, looking confused. \"No, I mean, marry me today!\" \"Today? What are you saying? We can't just go and get married today\" \"Why not?\" Leopold asked. \"Um, well, I guess I don't know. Aren't there papers to be filled out and plans to be made?\" \"We are in 1876 my dear, with a lot less procedures than you are accustomed to, I suppose. And besides, being a duke carries some privilege.\" \"I don't know Leopold. What's the rush?\" Leopold wanted to continue this discussion, but away from the eyes and ears of the staff. He suggested they take a walk so he could show Kate \"his\" New York. Kate was anxious to get out of the house so she could ask about his cousin and further discuss his urgency to marry without delay. Kate thanked the staff and left the room with Leopold. Constance and Otis were waiting by the front door, with a hat and cloak for Kate and a coat for Leopold. It was a delightful, early spring day. Leopold wrapped his arm through Kate's, as the pair began strolling down elegant Old Madison Ave.[Chapter 4] Charlie was roused from his sleep on Tuesday, by loud knocking on the apartment door. He froze in a momentary panic, until he heard a familiar voice. \"Kate, are you there? Charlie? It's Darcy.\" \"Oh, thank God\" Charlie thought, as he breathed deeply, trying to calm his pounding heart. He was sure it would have been the police, who had tracked him down. He was not in the mood to deal with Darcy right now, but it was certainly preferable to the police. Charlie jumped out of bed, raked his fingers through his disheveled hair and straightened his clothes as he walked to the door. He had no idea what he would say, but assumed he would think of something. He opened the door and there stood Kate's faithful assistant, looking quite distressed. \"Charlie, what's going on? Where is Kate? J.J. is furious. He thinks she lost her mind.\" Darcy rambled on, frantically. \"I already told J.J. that she went upstate.\" \"Come on Charlie, you don't have an Aunt in Albany.\" Darcy seemed suspicious, but thankfully made no connection between the bridge incident and Kate. Charlie did not know Darcy very well. He knew she was devoted to Kate, whom she considered her mentor and friend. Kate had always joked about Darcy's obsession with romance novels. \"Look Darcy, I really don't know what to say. I don't think she's coming back.\" Charlie hesitated for a moment. \"No, she's NOT coming back. OK? There, I said it.\" \"What? What are you talking about?\" Darcy's tone was becoming more distressed. Charlie decided it was enough of the sick Aunt charade. How long could he keep that story going? He did not want to be harassed by Kate's co-workers everyday and risk suspicious questioning. \"OK Darcy, this is all I know. She left to be with Leopold. I haven't heard from her and I don't know when I will.\" There, he said it. And with the exception of a few small details, it was not a lie either. A smile slowly spread over Darcy's face. Of course, she had no clue that Kate had stepped back into time. Darcy was caught up in the fantasy of a romance novel come to life. \"Oh my God! I knew it! I just knew Leopold had something to do with this. Kate mysteriously vanishes with a handsome duke, after he sweeps her off her feet!\" Charlie shook his head as Darcy babbled on. \"Yeah, something like that. Well, it was really nice of you to stop by Darcy.\" Charlie wished he could return to his solitude. \"Wait, Charlie. I really need to find out where she is. J.J. had to postpone his move to England. He's about to fire her. \" \"I'm telling you Darcy, I honestly don't know. She's gone. Let him fire her, because she isn't coming back.\" His tone became more forceful and his voice louder. It finally hit Darcy that Charlie was not joking. \"You're serious? She's gone? Really gone?\" Darcy looked confused and could not believe what he was suggesting. Charlie could see that Darcy was near tears. He did not know how to comfort her, especially since he was feeling the same way, himself. . He decided that a little white lie was in order. \"Hey, when I hear from her, I promise she'll get in touch with you. I am sure she'll call soon. She said she would. And tell J.J. to do whatever he needs to do.\" \"This is not like Kate at all, you know. Everyone is shocked.\" \"Yeah, I know. I guess love does some strange things to you.\" \"You're not kidding, Charlie.\" Darcy gave Charlie an unexpected, but not unwelcome hug before walking out the door. She picked up the newspaper lying in the hallway, handing it to Charlie as she glanced at the front page. \"Isn't it really awful about that woman who jumped from the bridge? They still didn't find her body.\" Charlie tried to remain composed as he looked at the paper. \"Uh, yeah, it's a terrible story, just terrible. Well, thanks Darcy. I'll be in touch.\" Charlie quickly stepped back in the apartment, slamming the door. \"Oh my God\" Charlie whispered to himself, as he laid the paper on the kitchen table. He could not believe it was one of the front-page stories. The article did not say much more than what the news had already reported. It did indicate, however, that it was now being classified a recovery operation, no longer a rescue. Charlie was beginning to accept that Kate truly was with Leopold. He sat at the table, not quite sure that to do. There was another knock, but this time at the window. Stuart opened the window and stepped in. They all often joked how Kate lived in the least secure apartment in all of New York. \"Hey Charlie, what's up?\" \"Just had a visit from Darcy. You just missed her\" Glad I did. Darcy was not exactly crazy about me.\" \"I don't know how I am going to handle questions from Darcy and J.J. They are not just going to go away.\" \"Well, we'll come up with something. But, right now, I have to meet with some people. Listen Charlie, I know you're not going to talk to anyone about all of this, because they will think you're nuts if you do. But, I won't be able to talk about this with you anymore…its going to another level.\" \"Another level?\" Charlie looked confused. \"Let's just say that other people are going to be involved with this time travel thing.\" \"Other people? Like who? The FBI, CIA? Steven King?\" \"Very funny. Like I said, I can't talk about this anymore.\" \"Wow, top secret.\" Charlie said sarcastically. \" Just answer me this one question. Are you going back there? Are you going to see Kate?\" \"No Charlie, that portal is closed forever. I'm sorry.\" There was no need for Charlie to know that the portal to 1876 was still open. He wanted Charlie to move on and not hold on to any false hope that he would see Kate again. There was no need for Charlie to know that Kate had one chance to come back. Stuart did not believe that Kate would actually leap off of the Brooklyn Bridge again. Stuart promised to bring dinner back in exchange for Charlie walking Bart and left for the University, armed with pictures, calculations and diagrams. He was highly energized, despite not having recovered from his ordeal. He knew this was going to be huge and that he was going to make a mark on scientific history. Charlie headed straight to the computer. He had to know more about the world Kate left for and find out what happened to her. He was certain there would be records of some kind. He was determined to find out all he could about Kate and barely left the computer that day. Despite his efforts, he was only to meet with disappointment and even worse. He knew little about life in the 19th century and what he learned only made him more despondent. Stuart arrived in the early evening with some pizza and beer. He could tell that Charlie was not in the best mood, watching as he slammed cabinet doors and threw the plates on the table. \"Hey, what's going on? Did you find anything about Kate?\" \"I sure did Stuart. Do you have any idea what kind of life you sent her to?\" \"Uh, a bit, I suppose.\" \"A bit? How about this, Stu? Did you know that the life expectancy back then was about 49 years old? Oh, but that's if she doesn't die in childbirth first, or from some infection or plague. Life sucked back then. How the hell could you have sent her back there?\" \"It was her choice Charlie. I didn't force her. She belonged there. You saw the pictures. Everyone didn't die early back then. She might have lived to a ripe old age.\" \"I'll never know. I could not find any records that she ever existed back then. But look around…her stuff is still here. Kate did exist.\" Stuart didn't know how to respond to Charlie's discoveries. He decided it was best to not say anything about his day and Charlie did not ask. It had gone exceedingly well, but was just the start of a long scientific process. They ate in awkward silence. It had been a long day for both and conversation would require more effort than they wanted to exert. Their feelings could not have been more opposite. Charlie was more depressed than before and Stuart more ecstatic than ever before. Stuart returned to his apartment to continue working on his project. Charlie considered calling Patrice, but hung the phone up. He certainly could not tell her about Kate and really did not want to talk about anything else. He crawled into bed and prayed that unconsciousness would be an escape from his dismal first day without Kate. Alone in his grief, he longed for someone to hold him and help soften the piercing pain in his heart. Burying his face into the pillow to absorb his tears, Charlie realized that there was no one left in the world who loved him, as his mother and sister did. Emotionally exhausted, sleep came quickly for Charlie. The first day without Kate was coming to an end.[Chapter 5] Kate was awestruck by the sights and sounds of 19th century New York, as she and Leopold strolled down Old Madison Avenue. Elegantly dressed men and women filled the sidewalks, as horse-drawn carriages rattled down the cobblestone street. Kate was amused at how much attention Leopold attracted, as they made their way down the street. Men tipped their hats and women smiled demurely at Leopold, as they would pass. Leopold loathed the constant attention and wished he could fade into the woodwork of daily life. He was more than delighted to be relinquishing his role of most desirable bachelor in New York. Leopold gave Kate the grand tour of his neighborhood. She was quite surprised at the cosmopolitan ambiance of New York at that time. Only a few blocks away though, another world existed. The profound poverty of recent immigrants was in sharp contrast to the elegance of Old Madison Avenue. Leopold did not want to expose Kate to anything negative right now. Although he missed the English countryside, Leopold was beginning to develop a fondness for the city. He hoped though, that perhaps he would return to England one day with Kate. Leopold suggested they walk to one of his favorite parks, where they could talk in private. He wanted to stay away from the eyes and ears of the house staff as well as the public. Despite the lack of spring greenery, the park was quite beautiful and remote. They found a secluded area where they would be able to talk in private. What Leopold wanted to do more than anything at this moment was to take Kate in his arms and kiss her. Leopold had certainly been attracted to other women in his life, but not like with Kate and never before in love. The combination of his physical attraction to Kate and his love for her produced feelings, so intense, he could not have imagined. Leopold had been shocked by the sexual freedom so apparent in 21st century. The night he had spent with Kate would have been unheard of in 1876, but felt so comfortable and so right to Leopold. He would have never taken advantage of the situation, however. Just holding Kate all night was more intimacy than he had ever experienced. \"I have been waiting all morning to do this, Leopold said, as he kissed Kate. For the first time in her life, Kate understood the old adage, \"Getting weak in the knees.\" Since their first kiss, Kate felt like a love-struck teenager. She had never felt this way with Stuart. Their relationship was one of convenience, with little passion. How Kate remained with him as long as she did was a mystery to her. But, as Stuart pointed out, there was a reason for it. And, Leopold was the reason. Despite Kate's fears of what the future would hold, at this moment, this was where she belonged. Leopold held Kate tightly. Their kissing became more passionate and intoxicating. With pounding hearts and hands beginning to roam, they were about to venture further than they had ever gone before. Despite Leopold's liberating visit to the 21st century, he was still very much a man with strong Victorian morals. He broke free from their embrace and took a moment to catch his breath. \"Kate, I am sorry. Forgive me, forgive me.\" Leopold was visibly upset. Kate was well aware that Victorian morals were quite the opposite of those in the 21st century. She looked at Leopold, who appeared quite distressed as he continued to apologize. \"Leopold, it's OK, really. We didn't do anything wrong. Just be thankful that I have about 5 layers of clothing on. You couldn't have gotten much further anyway. I guess that's the idea behind this clothing.\" laughed Kate. \"Besides\", she added. \"We're going to be married soon anyway.\" \"But, we are not married yet. That is the difference.\" \"Speaking of marriage, Leopold, what was that about getting married today? Do you want to get me into bed quicker?\" teased Kate. \"Certainly not, Kate!\" \"I'm just teasing you, Leopold. I'm sorry.\" \"Well, I must confess, it would be an added benefit,\" Leopold added with a boyish smile. Kate realized that she had to curtail her often frank and spontaneous comments. She would try and become a better Victorian woman. Leopold, on the other hand, found Kate's wit and spontaneity refreshing. He hoped that would not lose that aspect of her personality trying to conform. \"Kate, my Uncle is adamantly opposed to our marriage. Although I would wish for his blessing, I do not need it to marry the woman I love. He has asked for you to leave shortly. If we marry, he could not turn my wife away.\" \"Oh really? How can you be so sure?\" This was not the way Kate had hoped to begin her married life. \"I believe it to be true, Kate. My Uncle does have a heart, hidden beneath layers of sorrow and regret.\" \"Constance mentioned something about a family matter that was upsetting him. What's the big secret?\" \"There is no secret, Kate. My other cousin, Mary, remained in England. She is married and gave birth two months past. She very nearly died in childbirth when the bleeding could not be stopped. My Aunt and cousin have gone to help care for Mary and the baby.\" Kate felt a pit in her stomach when she thought about the perils of childbirth in the 19th century. She had heard stories of just how many women died giving birth. Now, here she was, about to get married. She always wanted children, but without modern medicine, the thought of it terrified her. \"Kate, my Uncle is certainly distressed about my cousin and lost without my Aunt. But he was not any more compassionate when it came to me, even before this. Perhaps it was the loss of his brother and being burdened with raising me.\" Leopold told Kate the heartbreaking account of his parent's death when he was a young child. They died from one of the plagues, which killed so many people during that time. He was lucky to have been spared. Kate thoughts were still focused on the dangers of 19th century childbirth. She was further shaken by the prospect of contracting a deadly illness. She never appreciated modern medicine as much as she did at this moment. \"Kate, you look a bit pale. Are you feeling alright?\" \"I'm OK Leopold. I am just thinking about your cousin and parents. It's all so sad.\" She didn't want to let Leopold know how frightened she was by the primitive medical care. \"It is very sad, Kate. But we can talk about something happier. Let us get back to this little matter of marrying me. Perhaps I was a bit hasty in thinking we can marry today. How is tomorrow?\" Leopold smiled. Kate's head was spinning. \"Leopold, how can we get married so quickly? Don't we have to make any sort of plans? How about Friday, at least?\" \"Thursday\" Leopold counter offered. They were out of days, leaving Kate with nothing to come back with. \"OK Leopold, you win. Thursday it is.\" Kate smiled and shook her head in disbelief. Leopold expression radiated such joy as he looked into Kate's eyes. \"Thursday it is.\" Leopold repeated, as he put his arms around Kate and held her tightly. \"Come Kate, it is nearly time for lunch. Let's return home and we will make our plans.\" \"Is this going to be our home, after we are married, Leopold? Please don't say we have to live in your Uncle's house.\" \"Kate, I am afraid we would have no choice right now. This is a different world from the one you are accustomed to. Until I have a contract for further development of my invention, I have no means of income. My inheritance is depleted, with no thanks to my uncle.\" \"How long will we need to stay there?\" \"Perhaps one year, maybe two. But, I am sure once we are married you will see my Uncle will accept you.\" Leopold prayed for this to be true. \"You really think so, Leopold? I am not so sure. One or two years is a long time.\" \"You will see, Kate. Trust me. And then, we will find our own home. Perhaps out of the city. You like the country, don't you?\" \"I do Leopold, very much.\" \"Everything will work out, Kate. We traveled too far to find each other for it not to.\" Kate and Leopold strolled slowly home. They were both quiet, but their minds were racing with thoughts, as they each reflected on their upcoming marriage. Although she had previously been unlucky in love, Kate had always hoped to marry one day. While many New York women aspired for a Vera Wang gown, a reception overlooking the Hudson River and a European honeymoon, Kate had dreamed of something much different. She always imagined something far more intimate and relaxed, perhaps out in the country with a small group of family and friends. Kate knew that there would always be something missing from her wedding, since she would marry without her parents there. She couldn't imagine getting married without having Charlie give her away. Now, she would marry without anyone there who cared for her. Her wedding would certainly be bittersweet. Leopold also preferred a more intimate wedding, but the protocol for a Duke, called for a lavish affair with hundreds of guests. He could not imagine having his wedding become an event for socialites, most who never even met Leopold. He was happy that they would escape such a debacle. While there were very few people in New York that Leopold would want to share his wedding with, he feared that they would marry without the presence of even the few who loved him. Otis and Constance were more like parents to him and he couldn't imagine not having them share his joyful day. As much as they loved Leopold, he knew that they would not betray his Uncle. They arrived back home in time for lunch. Kate excused herself to freshen up and headed to her room. Leopold watched as she climbed the stairs, thinking that in a few days, Kate would be his wife. Leopold's momentary feeling of joy was interrupted his Uncle bellowing voice, summoning him. Otis appeared and reminded Leopold that his Uncle wanted him in the dining room. \"Otis, please inform my Uncle that I will join him when Kate is ready.\" Otis obliged and left to deliver the message. Leopold began to consider that perhaps it would be best to bring his new bride back to England, and as soon as possible.[Chapter 6] Leopold waited anxiously for Kate, eventually sending Otis upstairs to hurry her along. He carefully made a mental list of all the details that needed to be handled in preparation for Thursday. Of course, the most crucial detail was securing the Pastor's time to perform the ceremony. Leopold could not be certain that the minister would even agree to perform the ceremony under this unusual circumstance. He nervously thought of the wedding night and hoped that Kate would approve of an elegant suite in a nearby inn. A honeymoon would have to wait until travel plans could be made. Leopold was so ecstatic; that not even the sound of his Uncle's grumbling in the dining room could dampen his spirits. In fact, the prospect of marrying behind his Uncle's back was an added bonus. Leopold could not wait for the moment he could announce his marriage to Kate. It saddened him though, that his joyous day would not be shared with the people he loved. Upstairs, Constance assisted Kate with fixing her hair and reapplying some color to her face. Constance could sense that Kate was in no rush to leave the room and certainly could not blame her. \"I don't mean to hurry you along, Miss Kate, but I do believe his Grace is waiting for you downstairs.\" \"I am sure his Uncle is waiting for me too, don't you think?\" Kate responded sarcastically. \"Perhaps he will be in better spirits this afternoon.\" Constance already knew this was not the case. Otis knocked on the door to Kate's room, informing her that Leopold was anxious for her company. Kate reluctantly obliged and slowly headed down the stairs. Otis and Constance observed that Kate still wore her engagement ring. Otis had been instructed by Millard to arrange passage home for Kate. He was quite torn as he could not disobey his employer, but yet could not fathom being disloyal to Leopold and essentially break his heart. Otis would have no choice but to broach the subject with Leopold. Lunch was pleasantly uneventful. Millard chose to ignore Kate, which certainly was a relief to her. After a quick lunch, Leopold excused himself and Kate from the table. As they made their way to the door, Millard nonchalantly reminded Leopold to check Kate's travel plans home, with Otis. Leopold shot a look of disgust at his Uncle and didn't bother to respond. There was no point in even trying. Leopold took Kate's hand and quickly led her from the room, with Otis following behind. Once outside the dining room, Leopold comforted Kate, who was visibly distressed by Millard's comment. \"Your Grace, may I speak with you in private?\" \"What is it Otis? Anything you need to say to me you can say in front of Kate.\" Still infuriated with his Uncle, Leopold's tone was uncharacteristically brusque. \"I do not believe this would be wise, your Grace. It is quite a sensitive matter.\" \"If this is about securing passage for Kate, you can forget about that little matter, Otis. Tell my Uncle what you wish. In several days, it will no longer matter.\" \"Do you care to enlighten me, your Grace?\" \"Perhaps later, Otis. At this moment, Kate and I have some urgent matters we must attend to.\" Otis retrieved their coats and tried to imagine what the urgent matter might be. He surmised that they might be planning a wedding, but the idea of an elopement did not enter into his mind. They walked quietly several blocks away to Leopold's church. Kate stopped suddenly and stared at the magnificent building before them, with a look of astonishment. \"Oh my God.\" Kate words were barely audible. \"It is quite breathtaking, is it not?\" Leopold said. \"No, that's not it.\" \"What is it then, Kate?\" \"You won't believe this, but I've been here before.\" \"To this church? When?\" Leopold asked with a puzzled expression. \"Charlie and I came to this church on Christmas Eve.\" \"Are you certain? This church?\" \"I'm positive, Leopold. We took a walk after dinner and as we passed this church, something made me go inside. I had having the strongest feeling that I had been there before. It was so eerie. It was my first time there, I was sure of it.\" Kate hesitated for a moment, as she looked intently at Leopold. \"But, it wasn't my first time, was it?\" Leopold was speechless for a moment. \"I think not, Kate. You must have been recalling where our marriage took place.\" They stood, shaking their heads in wonder at this most remarkable discovery. If Kate had been harboring any doubts about leaving her life behind, they were now obliterated. Standing before this church was the proof Kate yearned for, that she and Leopold were truly married in 1876. \"I wondered if I made a mistake by coming here, Leopold. But, now I know I belong here.\" \"I never had a doubt of it.\" Leopold said as he kissed Kate's hand and wiped a tear from her cheek. He smiled at Kate and then looked up toward the church doors. \"Shall we?\" Leopold asked, as he took Kate's hand and began climbing the long staircase. The interior of the church was spectacular. Breathtaking stained glass windows lined the entire length of the church. Kate smiled, with mixed emotions, as they passed the very pew she occupied with Charlie. A side door opened and out walked Reverend Daley; the charismatic and well-respected leader of the congregation. He held Leopold in high regard, but his feelings toward Millard were quite the opposite. He was well aware of Millard's intentions to marry Leopold off to the highest bidder. He found Millard's actions to be morally reprehensible and had declined his invitation to last evening's spectacle. \"Well, if it isn't my favorite Duke, and it isn't even Sunday.\" Father Daley smiled warmly at Leopold. \"I understand congratulations are in order.\" \"They certainly are.\" Leopold said, as he shook the minister's hand. \"Please allow me to introduce you to my fiancé, Miss Katherine McKay.\" \"Ah, McKay. A fine name.\" Reverend Daley exclaimed, as he put his hand out to Kate's. \"It's a pleasure to meet you Miss McKay.\" Turning toward Leopold, he smiled shyly \"I understand a great many hearts were broken last evening, Leopold.\" \"I see you had an enlightening morning.\" Leopold responded with some humor, referring to the gossip session which apparently took place after the morning mass. \"You know I rely on the ladies to keep me up to date on all the important news.\" Reverend Daley chuckled. Kate smiled as she listened to the exchange between them. She could see why Leopold was so fond of Reverend Daley. He had such an agreeable disposition and infectious sense of humor. \"So, when will the big day take place? I am sure once your Uncle recovers, there will be many plans to be made.\" \"On the contrary Father, Kate and I wish to be married,\" Leopold paused for a moment, \"on Thursday.\" \"Thursday?\" Reverend Daley reacted with great surprise. Leopold explained their reasons for marrying so quickly. Although unorthodox for a Duke to consider an elopement, the Reverend could not refuse Leopold. After all, he was a grown man and marrying for love, not money. Nor did the possibility of a backlash from Leopold's uncle personally intimidate him. Millard might be a member of the British monarchy, but after all, this was America. The Reverend turned his attention toward Kate. \"Miss McKay, what is your family situation?\" Kate hesitated for a moment. \"My parents both died. I have...\" Kate paused. \"I had …a brother.\" Kate said sadly as she looked at Leopold. \"But my brother knew Leopold and loved him very much.\" she added with a knowing smile. Reverend Daley took a moment to contemplate their request. \"Leopold, I must be honest and tell you I am concerned about your Uncle's reaction to an elopement. I have no concern for myself, but he could make life unpleasant for you both.\" Kate and Leopold turned toward each other, anticipating the worst, as he continued. \"However, I believe where there is great love there are great miracles.\" \"Great miracles you say, Reverend? You have no idea.\" Leopold said, as he took Kate's hand in his. \"However, it may take more than a miracle for your Uncle to accept this marriage.\" \"We hope that will not be the case.\" Leopold sounded rather unconvincing. \"You cannot rely on false hope, Leopold. Be assured that nothing would make me happier than to perform your wedding ceremony. But I must feel confident that this marriage will thrive before I can agree to perform this ceremony. You need to resolve the situation with your Uncle. Then, there will be a wedding.\" They certainly could not blame Reverend Daley for his decision. Even so, they had not anticipated leaving the church without a wedding plan. They walked home in silence, each lost in their own thoughts. Otis greeted them as they stepped into the foyer. The sounds of conversation and laugher filled the air. \"Do we have visitors, Otis?\" Leopold asked, reluctantly. \"We appear to have acquired some dinner guests, Your Grace.\" \"Why do I have the distinct feeling that I am not going to be pleased?\" Leopold braced himself for unpleasant news. \"Apparently, your Uncle invited the Trees to call, before their journey home tomorrow. They have been asked to join us for dinner, your Grace.\" Otis did not need to say anymore. His expression spoke volumes. The house staff was in a quiet uproar, preparing for their unexpected guests. Leopold looked at Kate, shaking his head. \"Good Lord.\" He had no idea how this transpired. But no doubt, it was Millard's last ditch effort to marry Leopold off into the vast wealth of the Tree family. The worst part was that Leopold would be obligated to dine with the Tree's, according to social protocol. \"Otis, is that my nephew?\" Millard called out from the next room. Kate was now convinced that Millard would never accept her marriage to Leopold. She heard Millard walking toward the foyer, calling for Leopold. Kate could not fathom being in his presence and quickly ran upstairs. \"Kate, wait!\" Leopold yelled as he ran up after her. Kate quickly closed the door to her room. Her heart was pounding and she literally felt sick to her stomach. She stood looking out the window, trying her best to ignore the sound of Leopold knocking on the door. \"Kate, please open the door.\" Leopold sounded so desperate; she could not ignore him any longer. Kate opened the door and looked at Leopold with a cheerless expression. \"Kate, please believe me. I knew nothing about this.\" \"I know you didn't. But, it's clear that your Uncle hates me. So, now what?\" Leopold knew that there was almost no chance that Millard would accept their marriage. It took only a moment for Leopold to know just what they needed to do. \"Kate, I have a brilliant idea. We will move to England and be free from my Uncle. What would you say to that?\" Leopold was so sure that this would be the perfect solution and certain that Kate would approve of his proposal. Kate didn't need more than a moment to respond. \"What? Leave New York? I can't leave New York, Leopold. \" Kate said adamantly, looking at Leopold as if he just made the most preposterous suggestion. \"Why not?\" Leopold looked quite perplexed. This was not the response he was expecting. Kate could not imagine leaving New York. It was the only thing she had to connect her to the past. She strangely felt home. Kate hesitated for a moment, \"I know this might sound crazy to you, but I feel close to Charlie here. We're still in the same city. What if he came here one day looking for me? It could happen, you know.\" \"It does not sound crazy. But, you know Charles may not even live in New York City. The course of his life will be altered. You will not be there in the time to come.\" Kate did not want to hear that and she made a face indicating her displeasure. \"And, where would we live, Leopold?\" \"In the home I grew up in. It is vacant.\" \"OK, so let me get this straight. Your family is broke and you still have an empty house in England?\" \"Correct.\" \"So, we move across the Atlantic, with no income and live in debt for the rest of our lives? Gee Leopold, that sounds so tempting.\" \"It will not be quite that dismal, Kate. I do have a small trust fund in England, reserved for when I marry. It was the one thing my Uncle could not touch. And, then there is the matter of a contract on my invention.\" Even so, Kate could not consider moving to England. It was all too much, too soon. But, Leopold knew that returning to England would be their only hope to escape Millard's control. Their conversation was interrupted, when Otis came to retrieve Leopold. \"Your Grace; your Uncle has, quite emphatically, requested your presence downstairs.\" Leopold turned toward Kate. \"I am forced to dine with our guests. Please, you must join us for dinner.\" Kate looked at Leopold with a look of disbelief. \"You can't be serious. There is no way in hell. I don't ever want to even see your Uncle again, let alone eat a meal with him.\" \"Kate, I could never forgive myself if you were left alone here.\" \"There's nothing you have to forgive yourself for. Actually, all I want is to be alone right now. Maybe this was all a horrible mistake.\" The look on his face made Kate regret her insensitive comment. Leopold took Kate's hands in his. \"No Kate, this is not a mistake. You said so yourself at the church.\" \"Right now I don't know anything.\" As difficult as it was, Kate pulled her hands away, closing the door before Leopold could respond. He stared at the door, trying to comprehend what had just taken place. Leopold felt like he had been punched in the gut. \"Tell me Otis, how will I endure this evening?\" Otis assured Leopold that the evening would pass quickly. Unfortunately, this would be one of the rare times Otis was mistaken. \"Let me get this dreadful evening over with.\" Leopold looked at the door one last time, in anguish over the day's turn of events. Kate sat on the bed and cried. She had never felt so utterly alone. She looked about the room for anything to keep her mind off of her new life, knowing there was nothing. No television or music, no telephone or computer. Not even a magazine to leaf through. Kate began to feel imprisoned by the multiple layers of clothing she wore, which just this morning was such an enjoyable novelty. She felt as if she was wearing an elaborate costume, long after the Halloween party was over. Desperate to be out of her dress, Kate began searching the closet for anything resembling a causal outfit. She longed for her perfectly broken in pair of jeans. As she neared the end of the closet, there hung her beautiful dress. Kate slowly took it out and laid it across the bed. She was overwhelmed with emotions, as she ran her hand over its smooth fabric. Kate looked down and saw the ripped hem. Her hands shook as she pulled out the folded note from Stuart. Kate held the piece of paper, afraid to open it. She wondered what Leopold would think if he knew about the portal being open again. Kate knew that Leopold could never go back. She asked Stuart on the cab ride to the bridge why he made Leopold go home. Stuart told her bluntly and without emotion, that it would \"screw the world up.\" if he stayed. Kate heard Constance in the hallway. She quickly put the note back into the hem and returned the dress to the closet. Constance had brought Kate some tea and biscuits and could see that Kate was quite distressed. She encouraged Kate to join Leopold for dinner. Kate refused, as Constance expected. She wished to cheer Kate up. \"Would it make you feel a bit better, if I told you how miserable Master Leopold is downstairs?\" \"A bit. But, it would make me feel a whole lot better if you told me how miserable his Uncle was.\" Kate managed a slight grin. Constance smiled back, but reserved any comment. She assured Kate that someone would bring her dinner later in the evening and left to assist the kitchen staff. Time passed painfully slow for Kate. With nothing to do but think, Kate's mind was a blur of treasured memories and fears of a bleak future. For the first time since reading Stuart's note, Kate realized she had a decision to make. She could marry Leopold and move to England, or return to her life and lose him forever. Kate was emotionally exhausted and her only escape would be to sleep. She struggled alone, trying to manage the multiple layers of complicated buttons and clasps. She never imagined that getting undressed would be such a complicated affair. She finally had to request the assistance from one of the maids and changed into the freedom of a white, cotton nightgown. Although it was only 8:00, Kate got into bed and wrapped herself in the plush down comforter. She was quickly fell asleep. Leopold's evening was filled with feigned pleasantries and forced conversation with their guests and his Uncle. Miss Tree smiled awkwardly at Leopold all night and had nothing of substance to add to the already tedious discussion. He thought of nothing but Kate and could not tolerate another moment without seeing her. Knowing that she was upstairs alone and questioning their future together was more than he could bear. Leopold excused himself to \"attend to some business before dinner.\" Millard had no choice but to remain composed in front of his guests, as he watched Leopold exit the room. Leopold asked Constance to have Kate meet him in the upstairs study, where he waited anxiously for her. A few moments later, Constance knocked on the study door. Leopold opened the door, filled with nervous anticipation, only to find Constance standing there alone. \"Where is Kate?\" \"I am sorry, Your Grace. Miss Kate has retired for the night.\" \"This early and without dinner?\" \"I am afraid so. She is asleep.\" Constance could see how disappointed Leopold was. She felt badly to leave him there, but had to return downstairs to assist. Leopold never despised being a member of the monarchy more than he did at that moment. How he envied the common man, able to live an unencumbered life. If only his Aunt were here. She would be overjoyed for Leopold and was the only person whose opinion Millard respected. She would not be back in America for at least another month though. With much resentment, Leopold was forced to return downstairs. A traditionally late and elaborate Victorian dinner was soon served. Several additional glasses of wine helped to numb Leopold's raw emotions and make the remainder of the evening a bit more tolerable. Finally at midnight, the Trees of Schenectady bid their fond farewells. Leopold prayed to never lay eyes upon them again. As the staff began their massive clean-up, Leopold headed upstairs to retire for the night. He told Otis that his assistance was not needed tonight, preferring to be alone. Leopold stopped in front of Kate's room, straining to hear any sounds indicating that she might be awake. All was silent and Leopold continued miserably to his quarters. Sleep did not provide the escape Kate had hoped for. Recurring and disturbing dreams prevented her from having a peaceful rest. Hopelessly trapped in mazes of unending hallways and doors leading to nowhere, Kate desperately tried to find Leopold. The final door opened where he waited. As Kate reached for him, she plunged into an endless hole in the earth. Leopold screamed for her, but it was the sounds of her own real screams that woke Kate from her troubled sleep. She sat up in bed with her heart pounding and out of breath. Kate waited for the feeling of terror to slowly fade from her body. Her dreams were so vivid and the feeling of losing Leopold so real. It was a feeling she did not want to experience in reality. She had already lost him once and left her life to be with him. How could she now refuse to go to England? Kate could not hold onto the fantasy of seeing Charlie again. Her life with Leopold was a reality and she had to make a commitment to it. Kate desperately needed to see Leopold at that moment and tell him. She knew she hurt him with the insensitive comments she made. Kate had no idea what time it was or who might see her in the hall. She did not care. Kate climbed out of bed and tiptoed down the long hallway to Leopold's quarters. Leopold lay awake in his bed; unable to sleep and aching to see Kate. He heard a faint knock on the door. Jumping up from the bed and throwing on his robe, Leopold opened the door to find Kate standing before him in the dimly lit hallway. By current standards she was considered barely dressed, in a simple, sleeveless nightgown. Barefoot and tousle haired, she was a vision of angelic innocence and sensuality at the same time. Leopold could not recall ever seeing anything more exquisite than Kate appeared at that moment. She simply took his breath away. \"Kate, are you alright?\" Leopold asked, in a voice barely above a whisper. \"I had to see you. I'm so sorry for the things I said. Do you still love me?\" \"Of course, I still love you.\" Leopold said with great relief, as he took Kate into his arms. \"I want to marry you. And, if it means moving to England, then that's where we'll go.\" Leopold was overjoyed and wondered what led to Kate's quick change of heart. She had decided against telling him about her dream, since he knew nothing about the portal being open and she intended to keep it that way. Despite his joy at having Kate in his arms, Leopold feared that they might be discovered by the house staff, who were up late cleaning. He certainly could not invite her into his quarters, nor could he go into her room. If they were to be found, at least Kate should not be standing in the hallway, uncovered in her sleep attire. Leopold left for a moment, bringing back a small coverlet, which he wrapped around her shoulders. They stood closely; staring into each other's eyes, awkwardly silent. Leopold was acutely aware of the inappropriateness of standing in the hallway in their nightclothes. He knew Kate should return to her room, but he could not bear to send her back. Leopold took Kate's hands and kissed them softly. The blanket fell from her shoulders, as they quickly were in each other's arms. Leopold's hands moved slowly down Kate's back. There was nothing more than the thinnest piece of cloth between his hands and Kate's body. He could feel the heat from her skin, as he held her closer and they kissed with increasing passion. On the verge of losing himself, Leopold stopped his hands on the small of Kate's back. He knew that any further would be heading into dangerous territory. Leopold broke from their embrace and removed his hands from the glorious feel of Kate's body. Neither of them had ever experienced a level of desire so overpowering. They stood with their eyes fixed upon each other, both breathing deeply. \"Kate, you need to go back.\" Leopold could barely get his words out. She looked at him dejectedly. \"No, please; can't I stay with you?\" \"I want nothing more, Kate. And, we don't have much longer to wait.\" Leopold picked the blanket up off the floor and wrapped it around her shoulders. He looked into Kate's sad eyes. \"Sometimes waiting for things makes them sweeter than they would be, if we could have them when we first discover the desire.\" Kate could not help but smile. She was always amused at how poetic Leopold could make anything situation sound. \"Alright, I'll go back; but not willingly. But you have to do something for me.\" \"What is that?\" \"I have to get out of this house. I can't stay here another day. I don't want to see your Uncle and I know he doesn't want to see me.\" Leopold was not certain of how he could honor Kate's request. She certainly could not stay in a hotel by herself. But, he knew she was miserable and could not blame her. So, Leopold answered in the only way he could. \"Tomorrow, Kate.\" \"You promise?\" She actually hadn't expected him to agree so easily. \"I promise.\" That was all Kate needed to hear. She had no idea as to where she might be going, but as long as it was out of Millard's home, she didn't care. She gave Leopold a safe kiss on his cheek and walked down the hall toward her room. He took a deep breath and turned back into his quarters, after she disappeared from view. Leopold had a made a promise he intended to keep. He just was not certain how.[Chapter 7] Charlie woke earlynWednesday morning and for just a fleeting second, life seemed normal.nThen, as if with a crushing blow, his memory was jolted back tonreality. An intense feeling of sorrow slowly crept through his body.nThrough the open window, the sounds of a bustling city confirmed thatnthe world had indeed gone on, even though a part of his had died. nHow did he let her go so easily? He struggled with feelings of guilt;nnow wishing he had begged Kate to stay. He might never know if shenwas living the life Stuart insisted was intended for her. Charlie grudgingly gotnout of bed, already dressed since he had slept with his clothes on.nHe walked around the apartment, looking at the pieces of Kate'snlife, left behind. Her clothes still hung in the closet; mail arrivednaddressed to Kate and messages continued to fill the answeringnmachine from alarmed co-workers. It all made no sense. He wonderednhow she could be living in another era, when she clearly had lived innthe 21st century? Charlie was positive Stuart had saidnthat all traces of Kate would disappear, as if she never existed.nYet, everything was here and Charlie certainly remembered he had ansister. This all made Charlie fear that perhaps Kate never made it tonLeopold and had not survived. Although Stuart seemed completelynconfident that Kate safely arrived in 1876, Charlie still held ontonone last shred of hope that she would be found, alive. Yesterday, Charliencould not imagine going anywhere near the bridge, after witnessingnthe rescue divers on the news. This morning however, he had annoverwhelming need to stand near the same spot where he saw Kate fornthe last time. Stuart would probably be livid if he found out, butnCharlie no longer cared. Grabbing his jacket, Charlie left thenapartment; bypassing the elevator and headed for the staircase. Henran past Gracy, their affable doorman, who yelled out his cheerfulnmorning salutations. Although the bridge was just a short distance,nthe walk felt like it was a million miles away. As he neared thenbridge, Charlie could see activity in the water, as well as above onnthe pedestrian path. As he walked along the upper level, he saw ansmall group gathering near several television crews. Charlie walkednfaster, eager to hear any news, yet dreading it at the same time. Anfamiliar news personality waited, while the crew completed theirnset-up of wires and lighting. Charlie walked over to the edge of thenbridge and watched as the divers disappeared into the murky waters ofnthe East River. He pictured his sister lying on the bottom and wasnsickened at having such thoughts. He could not watch any longer andnturned his attention toward the newscast, which was almost underway.nCharlie joined the small crowd and waited anxiously for the broadcastnto begin. Back in his apartment,nStuart had just woken up; feeling exhausted, despite having sleptnsoundly all night. He located the remote control in the dimly litnroom and clicked onto the early news. The report began and as thencamera panned the scene on the bridge, Stuart's eyes opened wide asnhe yelled in disbelief. \"Holy shit! What thenhell?\" He rubbed his eyes, hoping they were playing a cruel tricknon him. Stuart was certain he had seen Charlie's face in the smallncrowd. Stuart and Charlie listened intently, as the reporterndelivered the latest news on the search for the unidentified woman. The reporter began bynconfirming that there still was no trace of the woman who jumped fromnthe bridge. As usually the case in New York, the police phone linenset up for information was flooded with calls. Some bogus, some fromnwell-intended citizens with misinformation and a few which werenhighly credible. From those few calls, a seemingly good descriptionnof the trio was developed. A call from a taxi driver who describednthe unusual behavior of his three passengers, who then fled the cabnand ran toward the bridge, was now taken very seriously. The newsnreporter gave the updated description of the trio, which wasnalarmingly accurate. An appeal was made for anyone with informationnabout a missing woman to call the police tipline. The news report ended;nthe crowd dispersed and a dazed Charlie started walking towardnBrooklyn. Charlie's mind was a blur of crazed thoughts. He hadnnever even shoplifted and now it seemed likely that he would be innserious trouble. He imagined being convicted of an accomplice tonmurder, sent to jail, executed. Perhaps he would flee to Canada. No;ntoo cold, he thought. Mexico's climate would be much morenpleasant. Almost an hour later and planning his new life on the runnfrom the law, Charlie was in Brooklyn Heights. He planted himself onna bench along the Promenade and sat staring across the river at lowernManhattan. Charlie was finally ready to accept that Kate was notncoming back and was with Leopold. It was only a matter of time untilnthe identity of the woman who jumped from the bridge was discovered.nCharlie had never felt so terrified and desperate. He knew he couldnnot stay here. He needed to leave and as quickly as possible. Runningnfrom the law was not the solution. Charlie turned the direction ofnhis stare toward the bridge as the answer to his predicament becamencrystal clear. He must go back in time, as well. He couldn't staynhere any longer and needed to join his sister and Leopold. He felt asnif the weight of the world had been lifted from his shoulders. Henneeded to find Stuart right away. Charlie stood up and with newnresolve, headed back to Manhattan. J.J. had arrived in hisnoffice at the break of day. Kate's bizarre behavior and shockingndisappearance had created a state of disorder, bordering on chaos, atnCRG. It had now been a few days and J.J. had believed that she wouldnresurface as mysteriously as she had vanished, although, he was notncertain how he would react when she did. Darcy had begged J.J tonreport her missing. He was so sure Kate would be back from hernimpulsive escapade, he forbid anyone from CRG to call the police,nassuring them that he would handle everything. Although he was anpublicity hound, this was not the sort of attention he wantednassociated with the company. However, J.J.'s egocentric ways wouldntake a decidedly different turn this morning. He clicked thentelevision on in his office, as he started sorting through the pilenof paperwork on his desk. When the story of the woman jumper from thenbridge began, J.J. listened with the same interest as any othernperson would. As the new details were revealed, something clicked in nJ.J.'s brain, as his facial expression turned to one ofnbewilderment and disbelief. He could not believe what he wasnthinking. No; it was too crazy, too wild an idea. Kate would never donanything like that. But still; the descriptions, the timing and hernbehavior…it was all too disturbingly precise. J.J quickly grabbednhis coat, instructing his assistant to hold his calls and cancel hisnmorning appointments. He was quickly in a cab, heading downtown. Stuart was livid, justnas Charlie predicted. Between the latest details on the news andnCharlie's stupidity of being on the bridge, he paced the apartment,nranting and raving. Bart watched his usually unanimated master, withncuriosity. Stuart decided to wait for Charlie in Kate's apartment,nentering though the usually open window. Charlie made it across thenbridge in record time and sprinted to the apartment building. Henyelled good morning to Gracy as he ran for the elevator. As he openednthe apartment door, Stuart was standing in front of him. \"Whoa, Stu. I didn'tnexpect to see you here. I was actually just going to your apartment.\"nStuart's somber expression was not a welcoming sight. \"Was that you on thenbridge this morning?\" \"Oh, that. Uh, yeah…Inguess it was.\" Charlie scratched his head with a sheepish grin. \"Are you insane?nWe're about to be in deep shit.\" \"Yeah, tell me aboutnit…thanks to you. Listen Stu, I am not sitting around here, waitingnto go to jail. I have to leave and you have to help me.\" \"Where are youngoing?\" Stuart looked puzzled. \"I am going to Kate.nI am going to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge and you're going to tellnme when.\" Stuart was speechlessnat hearing this preposterous idea. He finally responded with anresounding \"No way in hell, Charlie.\" \" I can't staynhere. You owe it to me. So, there will be a few more twists in yournpretzel. When is that portal open again?\" \" I 'm not a damnedntravel agent, Charlie.\" As their conversationnescalated, J.J. was getting out of a cab in front of the building. Henstopped to chat with Gracy and ask questions about Kate'snwhereabouts. Gracy casually knew J.J. from his few visits to Kate'snover the years. He had no reservations allowing J.J. to go upstairsnto see Charlie, unannounced. J.J. could hear the sounds of a rathernheated debate coming from Kate's apartment. His knock on the doornended their argument in an instant. They stood in total silence,nlooking at each other and then at the door. J.J had little patiencenfor games right now. \" I know you're in there, so you might asnwell let me in.\" \"This day is justngetting better and better.\" Charlie muttered sarcastically tonhimself. He had no choice, but to open the door. J.J. walked in andnlooked at Charlie and Stuart with disdain. \"Good morning,ngentleman. You're both rather chipper for so early in the morning.\"n They just looked at J.J., not knowing how to respond. \"I'mnassuming that Kate is not here.\" \"No, she's..uh…not.\"nCharlie answered bluntly. \"Have you heard fromnher?\" \"Uh, no.\" J.J. walked into thenliving room and made himself comfortable on the sofa. He seemed to bendeep in thought and then looked over at Charlie and Stuart. \"Younknow, the craziest thing happened this morning while I was watchingnthe news. I was listening to the story about the woman who jumpednfrom the bridge and I actually started to think that she sounded annawful like ……Kate. Blonde hair, long dress, with two men whonsound an awful lot like… you two. You both show up that night, Katenwalks away from the promotion of a lifetime and is nowhere to benfound. So, I think to myself, could it be possible? Could Kate havenjumped off a bridge? But, I think, there is no way…I must be crazynfor even thinking something so bizarre. Do you think I'm crazy,nCharlie?\" J.J. did not wait for a response and walked over, puttingnhis face close to Charlie's and his finger pointed too close forncomfort. \"Look Charlie; as farnas I am concerned, your sister is a missing person. If you're notngoing to do something about it..I will. You find your sister…today.nIf I don't hear from her by 5:00 tonight, I'll be calling thenpolice. Have I made myself clear?\" Charlie could only nodnand with that, J.J. walked out the door. He shook his head inndisgust. \"I always hated that guy. OK, now you see why I have tonget out of here?\" \"Charlie, we have toncome up with a story and have our facts straight. I guess we can'tnsay she jumped and we were trying to stop her.\" \"Are you kidding? Wencan't possibly say that's what happened. And…we kept quietnabout it for two days? My sister did not kill herself and I am notngoing to have her memory left that way. Besides, I already told Darcynthat she ran off with Leopold. And, that's just what she did.\" \" Look, if I werenyou, I would get the hell out of here today. Go to school, go outntonight. Just stay away. I am heading to the university and won'tnbe around until late. \"Wait! What about thenportal?\" There was no way thatnStuart was going to tell Charlie about the portal being open onnFriday night. It already created too much of a mess with Kate beingngone. This was not turning out at all like Stuart had anticipated.n\"You have to forget about it. It's closed. You weren't meant tongo back there, Charlie.\" \"But, I can't staynhere. You have to help me.\" \"Look, we're goingnto have to figure this all out; what to tell people. You're notnalone in this, you know. Meet me tonight at McSorley's. I'll benthere after 10.\" Charlie agreed to meetnStuart at the pub. He took Stuart's advice and went to school.nIronically, his teachers and classmates had nothing but praise fornStuart's remarkable acting today. He seemed so in touch with hisnfeelings, hitting all his lines with skill and depth. He watched thentime clicking away and the closer it got to 5:00, the sicker he felt.nAfter school, he went out to the local bar with his usual crowd.nPatrice was there and sat next to Charlie. She seemed quite takennwith this new side of Charlie; quiet, sensitive and a bit distant.nShe could sense that something was troubling him and put her handnover his. It was more than enough to temporarily allow Charlie tonfocus on something else. By the time he remembered to look at hisnwatch, 5:00 had passed. The feeling of doom, which was now pulsingnthrough his blood, was slightly eased by the feeling of Patrice'snwarm hand on his. Before he left, Stuartnfortunately remembered that today was the day Hector came over afternschool. He made plans for Hector to go over to another neighborsnuntil his mother came home from work. At the university, Stuart hadnthe first indication that his colleagues and superiors had theirndoubts about the future of his research and discovery. It was notnthat they did not believe it; on the contrary, they felt it wasnprobably the most extraordinary scientific finding in history. Asnwith most scientific research at this level however, the governmentnwould become involved and the future of Stuart's time travel wouldnbe uncertain. Stuart and Charlie metnat McSorley's at 10:00. Still unsure if J.J. had followed throughnwith his threat, they knew they needed to develop an alibi. Stuartnstill tried to convince Charlie that they would no choice but to saynthat Kate had jumped and they were trying to stop her. Otherwise, thensearch for Kate would go on indefinitely. Charlie held firm to hisnstory that Kate had run off with Leopold and that they were nowherennear the bridge. Changing the story now, would be a terrible mistake.nCharlie could not fathom how Stuart could even consider such a thing.nThey stayed in the pub until 1:00 AM, working out the details ofntheir story. Arriving back at the apartment building, the coastnseemed clear; no police cars outside and an empty lobby. The nightndoorman, Joe, was playing solitaire at the desk. Charlie breathed ansigh of relief and assumed that J.J. had not followed through withnhis threat. Joe looked up from his card game as they passed. \"Hey guys.…someonenwas here looking for you.\" Charlie felt as his if heart stoppednbeating, as he took a deep breath. \" Some detective…here..he leftna card.\" Joe said very matter of factly. \"Said you should call,nbut he'll be back. Haven't heard from your sister, huh?\"nCharlie took the card and without even looking at it, headed for thenelevator. \"So, what are youngoing to do? Are you going to call?\" Stuart asked as the elevatorndoor opened and Charlie stepped into the hallway on his floor. \"I have no choice, donI? I have to call or it will look like I am hiding something.\" nStuart nodded in agreement, knowing it had to be done, but alsonwanting no part of it. Charlie felt abandoned, as the elevator doornclosed and he was left to make this fearsome telephone call on hisnown. He went into his apartment and sat on the couch contemplatingnwhat he was now faced with doing; lying to the police. He looked atnthe card as he tried to muster up the courage to make the call. Withnhis heart pounding, Charlie took the phone and forced his fingers tondial the number. With great relief, he won a temporary reprieve whennthe detective was not in the station. The dispatcher took Charlie'sninformation and directed him to remain at his present location. Henknew it would only be a matter of time until he would be faced withnmeeting Detective Ron Jensen of the NYPD. Charlie pulled the blanketnfrom the arm of the sofa over him, as he laid his head down. Therenwas nothing more he could do now, but……. wait.[Chapter 8] Leopold closed the door to his quarters after Kate was out of view. Leaning against the door, he closed his eyes and placed his hand over his pounding heart. He tried in vain to erase the mental image of Kate standing before him, as almost unbearable feelings of desire still pulsed through every cell in his body. He had heard stories of men going mad when enduring conditions such as this. He prayed this would not be his fate or that his poor heart would not give out in surrender. Instead, he tried to focus on a much more pressing matter; the promise he had made to Kate. It did not take much contemplation for Leopold to know that there was only one solution. They must marry that day and leave his Uncle's home. Before dawn, in his dimly lit room, Leopold quickly dressed and left the house as the sun began to rise. The air was crisp and beginning to fill with the competing aromas wafting from the immigrant street vendors carts, several blocks away. Determined and optimistic, he walked briskly toward the church. Reverend Daley arrived before the morning service at 6:30, to find Leopold pacing nervously outside. \"Why, good morning, Your Grace. You are here rather early.\" Never one to miss an opportunity to tease Leopold, the Reverend smiled and added, \" Are you trying to assure yourself of having a front row seat this morning?\" \"Not today, Reverend.\" Leopold smiled and proceeded to inform him of their plan to leave for England on the next ship. He made an impassioned plea to be married that day. Reverend Daley had never quite been so moved as he was by Leopold's indisputable and profound desire to marry Kate. He put his hand onto Leopold's shoulder and responded in earnest. \"I do not believe I have ever witnessed someone as deeply in love as you. I would be more than honored to marry you, today.\" Leopold breathed a joyful sigh of relief and thanked Reverend Daley abundantly. The time was set and a few details arranged. Incredibly anxious to share the news with Kate, Leopold arrived home with barely a recollection of how he arrived there. He ran up the stairs, feeling as if he were flying on wings. Undetected by the house staff, he knocked on Kate's door, waking her from a peaceful slumber. \"Who is it?\" Kate yelled out from her bed, barely conscious. \"Leopold. I have wonderful news.\" Kate walked to the door, as she put on a robe and made an unsuccessful attempt to fix her hair. As she tried to open the door, Leopold spoke in a hushed voice, holding tightly to the doorknob. \"No, do not open he door.\" \"Why not? Are you naked?\" Kate laughed. Leopold smiled, shaking his head. Nothing Kate said surprised him any longer and he rather enjoyed playing along. \" No, not at the moment.\" \"Well, then why can't I open the door?\" \"Because it is considered bad luck for the groom to see his bride prior to their wedding.\" \"What are you saying?\" \"I am saying that we will be married today, Kate. I have just come from seeing Reverend Daley.\" \"Today? Are you serious?\" \"Absolutely. Today at 1:00.\" Leopold waited several long moments for a response. \"Kate?\" \"Leopold, we need to talk. Please, open the door.\" He had assumed Kate would be as thrilled as he was, but the tone of her voice indicated something different. Disappointed to break one of the few favored wedding traditions, Leopold reluctantly opened the door. His pleasure at seeing Kate soon made him forget his disappointment, however. \"Good morning\" Leopold said, as he smiled lovingly and kissed Kate's hand. \"Now, about our wedding…..\" Kate interrupted Leopold before he could finish. \"Are you sure you can do this? Elope without any family or friends there? I'm so afraid you are going to regret this someday.\" \"My only regret is all the years I have lived without you in my life. Kate, you do not know this, but I was prepared to never return. Our last night on the terrace, I was about to propose.\" \"Oh my God\" Kate said softly. She looked at Leopold, stunned. \" Why didn't you?\" \"You fell asleep. I decided it was best to wait until the next evening.\" \"Are you saying that you would have stayed with me? Stuart said it was impossible…that the world would end or something.\" \"In spite of Stuart's resolve that I must return, I would have fought to stay. I was fully prepared to abandon this life for you, but we then parted in that most regrettable manner. I believed I had nothing left to fight for. So you see Kate …..I believe elopement shall be quite easy, when compared to changing centuries.\" Kate was now the one filled with regret as she recalled her foolish tirade outside the studio. She wondered what might have been, had she not suggested he compromise his personal integrity. \"I cringe when I think about how I acted that day. And now I find out, at what cost.\" Leopold took Kate's hand and wove his fingers through hers. \"I believe you are wishing we were still there.\" Kate stared at the floor, resisting eye contact with him. She didn't want to tell him about how often she had thought about that.. \"Maybe I thought about it…once..or maybe twice. This is not so easy, you know.\" \"I do know how difficult it is. I promise you, our life in England will be everything you have ever dreamed of.\" Leopold caressed Kate's cheek and gently tilted her chin up. \"I love you desperately Kate. Please, marry me today.\" Kate looked into his eyes and was certain she could see straight to his soul and its' promise of eternal love. An icy chill swept through her body and Kate instinctively wrapped her arms around Leopold's shoulders. He held her tightly. \"Yes, I'll marry you today.\" She said softly. He could feel Kate's hot breath on his ear. Leopold broke from their embrace, so he could escape Kate's lips being so dangerously close to his neck. He had finally recovered from their early morning tryst and could not allow his passion to be ignited again. \"Kate you have made me the happiest man in the world…. but I do believe a bit of distance between us is a good thing, right now.\" Leopold said with a knowing grin. \"Yeah…for right now. But, later….\" Kate mischievously raised her eyebrows. Leopold smiled, shook his head and managed not to blush this time. He was afraid that at any moment someone from the house staff would happen upon them. He quickly informed Kate of the details she needed to know in order to prepare for the wedding. \"The next time I see you, you will be walking down the aisle toward me.\" They smiled and laughed nervously, with equal exhilaration and anticipation of all brides and grooms. Leopold kissed Kate's hand and bid her a farewell until their moment later that day. Kate closed the door and sat on the bed, waiting for Constance. ***************************************************************************** Leopold arrived in his quarters to find that Otis had already prepared his bath. As he relaxed in the tub, Leopold called out to Otis; requesting the specific garments he wished to wear that day. Based on his selection, Otis assumed that Leopold was attending the same British society function as Millard. Otis entered the room to refresh the hot water in the tub. \"Are you well today, your Grace?\" he asked Leopold, who was quite obviously deep in thought. Although, Leopold had just promised Kate that he had no regrets, he knew in his heart that this was not entirely true. He agonized over his desire to confide in Otis about their marriage and could not help but feel that he was betraying him by keeping such a secret. Far from just being just a member of the household staff, Otis was a confidant to Millard and more like a father to Leopold. Despite this, he was still very much Millard's employee. Leopold could never dream of putting Otis in a compromising position. \"Otis, I do hope you know that I feel you are more like a father to me. That I have the utmost respect and affection for you.\" Otis looked at Leopold, wondering what made him feel the need to profess these feelings at this time. \"Yes, your Grace. And, as I for you.\" \"And I do trust that you would be able to forgive me for any offense I might commit. I would never intentionally mean to cause you any displeasure with me.\" \"I could not imagine you committing any offense that would have need for my forgiveness, your Grace. But, if it would make you feel better…yes..I would forgive you for anything.\" Otis said, as he poured the remaining hot water into the tub. \"Is there any particular crime you would like to confess to? I believe there was a robbery at the bank yesterday.\" He added, with a grin. \"Although we certainly could use the funds, I am afraid it was not me. I have nothing to confess. I only wanted to be sure you knew of my feelings.\" \"I do appreciate it.\" Otis said, grateful for Leopold's sentiments, but aptly puzzled. He left to continue organizing Leopold's numerous garments. As much as he wished for their marriage to remain a secret until they left for England, Leopold knew that this was absolutely unrealistic. His only wish was that the ceremony would take place before Millard had an opportunity to interfere. Fortunately, his Uncle would be out of the house for the entire day and evening at the society function. Out of respect, Leopold decided to inform Millard in writing of their nuptials. By the time Millard read the letter that evening, they would be married. Other than that, he felt no further obligation toward his Uncle. As Leopold pointed out to Kate, this is the man who would have him marry for nothing more than money. *************************************************************** Constance soon arrived to assist Kate with bathing and dressing. \"Good morning Miss Kate. Are you well today?\" Constance asked, as she opened the heavy draperies, allowing the morning light to fill the room. Kate watched as Constance began preparing the bath. She was bursting to share her news and wanted nothing more than to tell Constance about their wedding. Aside from Leopold, Kate felt that Constance was the only other person in this world who cared about her. She knew how much Otis and Constance loved Leopold and despite his claim to not need anyone at their wedding, Kate felt they had to be there. Constance peered out from the bathroom. Kate sat on the bed with her legs dangling over the side. She had wrapped the end of the blanket around her shoulders. Constance could sense that something was troubling her. \"Is everything alright? Are you ill?\" Constance walked over to Kate, with a concerned expression. \"Do you need me to call on the doctor?\" \"No…I'm not sick.\" Kate sighed softly, as she put her face into her hands. \"I'm not supposed to tell anyone.\" \"I would never dream of invading your privacy.\" Constance answered. \"Leopold might never forgive me, but you and Otis really need to know this.\" \"You do not have to tell me anything you do not wish.\" Constance assured Kate, although she secretly was more than anxious to become privy to the news. After all, life for the average servant was far less than exciting. They relied upon the scandals and family affairs of their employers for some healthy gossip and escape from their tedious lives. In this case, however, it was far more than that. Constance and Otis had come to love Leopold like a son. Had they not chosen to live a life of service and had met in the outside world, Constance and Otis would likely have married. Leopold had filled the void of the child they never had. \"Promise you won't tell anyone but Otis.\" \"Of course, you have my solemn word.\" Kate looked at Constance, with an expression similar to a naughty child about to confess their misdeed. She had little idea that divulging their news would be much more than a minor infraction. \"Well….we're uh……\" Kate paused for a moment, her heart was pounding as she clasped her hands. \"Oh God….we're getting married today.\" She blurted out. Kate looked away and closed her eyes tightly. She was afraid to see Constance's reaction her confession. Unbeknownst to Kate, Constance and Otis were secretly quite opposed to Leopold being married off for money. Although arranged marriages were not uncommon in the royal and monarchy circles, they did not want to see him succumb to an unhappy, loveless marriage. There was little they could do, but show support for Millard's quest for a rich bride. Now that their dear boy had found love, she could not be happier than for Leopold to have Kate as his wife. Constance knew that Millard would not be welcoming his new niece with open arms and had, in effect, forced Leopold to elope. What the future would hold for them was uncertain. But, right now there was nothing to prevent her from quietly helping to make their wedding day a happy one. Kate looked at Constance with barely a smile. \"Well, aren't you going to say anything?\" \"Well, I dare say…I have a bride to help get ready.\" Constance did not need to say another word. Her expression and smile communicated her happiness to Kate. \"Oh, Thank you!\" Kate exclaimed as she jumped up and hugged Constance. \"You don't know how much this means to me.\" Constance did know it much it meant to Kate. Like Leopold, she knew Kate had no parents and was happy to serve as a surrogate mother. Kate told Constance the few details she knew. The wedding was at 1:00 and someone, although she had no idea whom, would be picking her up in a carriage at 12:30. Leopold told her to pick his cousin's loveliest dress and that he would make it up to her for not having one of her own. He told Kate that she did not bring a thing. He had a shopping excursion planned for her, after the wedding. \"Oh, there's one more thing. We're moving to England.\" \"England? That I was not expecting. I always thought Leopold would remain in America. I cannot blame you though.\" Constance seemed sad to hear this news. \" Please come to our wedding today. It would mean everything to Leopold. And..to me.\" \"As much as we would wish to, the situation is quite complicated.\" \"I know. Leopold told me that.\" Kate felt that at the very least, she had tried. Constance scented the bath water with the imported salts reserved for the most special of occasions. While Kate soaked in the fragrant water, Constance paraded in with a never-ending selection of Ann's most exquisite dresses. It was a difficult decision, but Kate finally chose a cream colored ensemble, which seems closest to a wedding dress. After her bath, Kate wore a plush robe, while enjoying the sumptuous breakfast Constance had requested delivered to the room. Constance excused herself to attend to a few chores, as Kate sipped the most perfect, steaming cup of coffee and wondered what Leopold might be doing at that moment. ******************************************************************* Otis and the valets were almost finished dressing Leopold in his finery. Leopold was quite animated and chattering about all sorts of things. Otis had no reason to assume that he would not be joining his Uncle and there were no questions about his plans for the day. Leopold was anxious to leave and complete the last few, but very essential arrangements and had Otis request a carriage from the stable master. Leopold was dressed and ready to leave. He was overly generous with his gratefulness to the valets for their assistance and hugged Otis, as he said goodbye. If Otis was not suspicious before, Leopold's unexplained gleefulness certainly was cause for it now. Otis had not recalled any British society function ever eliciting such joy in Leopold before. On the contrary, he usually found them to be excruciatingly dull. Leopold stopped in Millard's study and penned a very brief note, informing him of his marriage to Kate. He left without any breakfast and rode off in the waiting carriage. ********************************************************************* Otis immediately went to find Constance. Although she never engaged in petty gossip, Constance almost always knew everything that went on with Millard and the family. Otis assumed that she might know something and his assumption was certainly correct. Constance was as anxious to share the news with Otis, as he was to hear it. They practically bumped in to each other in the hallway. \"I have news.\" Constance said with guarded excitement, as she led Otis into the upstairs study for privacy. Once inside and behind closed door, she told Otis all that she knew. Although Otis was not shocked, he had still not anticipated that Leopold might actually do something like this. At the very least, he was relieved that there was a reasonable explanation for Leopold's endearing, but odd behavior. As unfeasible as it seemed for them to attend the wedding, they found it equally inconceivable to envision not attending. After some heartfelt deliberation, the only decision they could live with was agreed upon. Kate finished her breakfast and waited restlessly for Constance to return. She felt lonesome and wished for the typical wedding day camaraderie of girlfriends, manicures and laughter. Kate wondered if she would ever make any female friends and what she could possibly have in common with any Victorian woman. Kate knew she needed to establish a life outside of Leopold, but wondered if such a life even existed for her. While Kate tried to pass the time, Leopold was happily making the final arrangements to begin their new life together. Although Leopold generally loathed being a Duke, today was one of the rare occasions he was grateful for his position. He had no difficulty securing suites on both the next ship bound for England, as well as in the most elegant hotel in New York City. The most luxurious accommodations were readily offered to him, without even the mention of financial compensation. Leopold fully intended however, to send payment in full as soon as he received the money from his trust fund. He had one final stop; to select a bouquet for Kate, before he would leave for the church. Constance returned to help Kate dress for the wedding. She placed a small, silk bag on the table. \"What's that for?\" Kate asked. \"Well…\" Constance opened the bag and pulled out a piece of white fabric. \"This is something old.\" She replied, handing it to Kate. \"This belonged to my mother and I want you to have it.\" Upon closer inspection, Kate could see that it was a beautifully embroidered hankerchief. \"Oh…I couldn't.\" Kate said decidedly. \"Yes, I insist. I want you to have it. I have no daughter of my own to pass this to. And this…\" Constance continued, as she pulled another item from the bag, \" is something new.\" She handed Kate an exquisite comb to adorn her hair. \"Oh, it's beautiful.\" Kate said breathlessly. \"Something borrowed shall be your dress. And this….\" Constance pulled one last item from the bag, \"will be your something blue.\" She said smiling as she held up a blue garter. Kate laughed.\" And where did you find that? You just happen to have a garter, in case of emergencies?\" \"We have all sorts of things in this house. You would be surprised.\" \"I never expected any of this. This means so much to me…you just don't know.\" \"I do know and it brings me much happiness to do this for you. Now, we do not want you to be late.\" And so began the long, laborious task of dressing Kate. Layer upon layer, hooked and laced; until the last of the endless buttons up the back of her jacket were complete. Kate sat at the dressing table while Constance pinned her hair into an attractive style. She placed the rhinestone-adorned comb into the back of Kate's soft, blonde hair. Constance handed Kate a mirror so she could inspect the back of her head. \"I love it.\" Kate said with a thrilled smile. Only the lightest touch of rouge was needed, to complete Kate's face. \"You are almost finished. Let us see; something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue…..and….\" Constance reached into the pocket of her apron, pulling out a coin, \" a silver sixpence in your shoe.\" She put the coin into Kate's left boot, before it was laced and tied. \"You look magnificent.\" Constance said as she looked at Kate. \"I believe his Grace will be thoroughly enchanted.\" \"I don't know how I can ever thank you.\" Kate was clearly overwhelmed with Constance's generosity and thoughtfulness. \"You are so very welcome. Now, I must excuse myself. I have an urgent matter to attend to.\" Constance said, as she looked Kate squarely in the eye. She did not need to speak another word. Kate understood exactly what she meant and looked at Constance with an expression of sheer and unexpected surprise. Constance smiled at Kate and squeezed her hand. She reminded Kate what time the carriage would be picking her up and assured Kate that the staff would never question where she was going or with whom. Constance gave Kate one last knowing smile and left the room. Kate took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. \"Oh shit.\" She said aloud, as a sick feeling washed over her. Kate prayed that she did not make a dreadful mistake by confessing to Constance. The minutes passed unbearably slow, until it was almost time to meet the carriage. She put on her hat and gloves and stared at her reflection in the full-length mirror. Kate still could not believe that this was all actually happening. It defied any logic or scientific explanation. Perhaps she was dreaming and only prayed that she would not awaken quite yet. She tucked the hankerchief into her sleeve and took what she assumed might be her last look around the room. As Constance and Leopold had both assured Kate, she made her way down the stairs and out the front door with barely an acknowledgement from the staff. Other than a polite smile or nod, and the door held open; the staff maintained the wall of privacy between them. A carriage sat outside the house and an older gentleman greeted Kate; helping her step up to the rear seat. Mr. Ellard was a trusted elder of the church and good-humored companion for the short ride. Kate's stomach was in a knot and she remembered her mother had always told her to be careful what you wish for. She feared what Leopold's reaction might be when he saw Otis and Constance there. Kate tried to relax and closed her eyes, as the sunlight warmed her face. Mr. Ellard observed Kate's apprehensive expression. \"You should not worry so. You will have a fine husband.\" Kate managed a slight smile. \"Oh..I know. I just hope he's going to think I am a fine wife.\" \"Of course he will. He picked you from all the others.\" \"Yeah, he sure did.\" Kate's heart pounded and she wiped the beads of sweat springing up on her forehead. Leopold had arrived at the church 30 minutes earlier. He had absolutely no second thoughts about eloping and fancied himself a bit of a rebel for doing something so bold. At 12:45 it was time for Reverend Daley to meet Kate outside. Leopold could no longer hide his nervous excitement. The Reverend gave Leopold a few comforting pats on the back, before walking toward the front door. As Kate's carriage neared the church, she could see several people standing outside. Even at a distance, she knew immediately it was Constance and Otis. Kate's heart beat almost in time to the rhythm of the horse's hooves hitting the brick pavement. They were quickly in front of the church and Mr. Ellard helped Kate climb down from the carriage. Constance and Otis greeted Kate, whose expression could not hide her mixed emotions. The Reverend stepped outside at the same moment, carrying a bouquet. It was a comical sight and the assembled group broke into laughter, which was a welcomed relief. \" As lovely as I might look carrying this…I believe it will look infinitely more beautiful with you.\" He said, as he passed the striking bouquet to Kate. \"Greetings to you all.\" Reverend Daley proclaimed enthusiastically. He looked at Constance and Otis with surprise. \"Leopold had not mentioned that you would be attending. I am quite pleased, although I must admit it is quite unexpected.\" \"His Grace is not aware. This will be a shock, for sure.\" Otis replied. \"Well, then I dare say..this will certainly add an additional element of excitement in a few moments. But, I am positive Leopold will be thoroughly delighted.\" \"Oh…I'm not so sure about that.\" Kate responded, smiling sheepishly. Constance put her hand on Kate's. \"We believe it will all turn out well in the end. You shall see.\" She gave Kate a reassuring smile. \"I believe it is time to commence.\" Reverend Daley announced. He turned toward Kate and smiled. \"There is a very impatient groom waiting inside.\" Reverend Daley gave Otis and Kate a few instructions and returned back into the church. Leopold stood next to the pulpit, looking exceptionally handsome in his most favored waistcoat. Reverend Daley had some last minute words of marital wisdom for Leopold, who was so ecstatic; he barely heard a word of it. Very shortly, the familiar sound of Wagner's Wedding March filled the air, as Constance quickly finished attaching a short veil to Kate's hat. \"Shall we?\" Otis asked, as he held his arm for Kate to hold onto. He looked down and smiled in a most fatherly sort of way. Leopold's eyes were fixed upon the front of the church. He clasped his hands tightly, and took deep calming breaths. In an instant the heavy wooden doors opened and his hands quickly fell to the side as his eyes widened in disbelief. His bride was slowly walking toward him, on Otis' arm. Leopold quickly turned his head and looked at Reverend Daley. \"Dear Lord, what is happening here?\" he whispered. \"I am afraid I do not know for certain. But however it happened, I am sure it was done out of love.\" Leopold watched as they slowly made their way up the isle. He was spellbound by how beautiful Kate looked and for a moment forgot whose arm it was that she was holding onto. Kate's eyes did not leave Leopold's. Her overwhelming feeling of love for him tempered her fear of his reaction to what she had done. Leopold stepped down to meet Kate by the first pew. He looked at Kate and Otis, almost expressionless. Kate now knew she had made a terrible mistake. She had betrayed Leopold and perhaps ruined the lives of Constance and Otis. Kate looked at Leopold with the most pitiful and remorseful of expressions. Through her thin veil, Leopold could see her eyes brimming with tears. The front door opened and in tiptoed Constance, trying her best to make a quiet entrance. Leopold watched as she almost tripped in her usual comical way. He looked down for a moment and shook his head in disbelief at the entire situation. As much as he wanted to be angry with Kate, in his heart he could not. He felt surrounded by love at that moment and it was all that mattered. Everything else could wait to be dealt with later. Leopold slowly looked up; his expression communicating his happiness. He took Kate's hand and kissed it. Looking into her eyes, he mouthed the words, \"Thank you.\" Kate had never felt such love in her entire life. She breathed a sigh of relief and smiled back at Leopold. \"The Lord certainly does work in strange ways.\" Reverend Daley said, pleased with the happy outcome. \"Now, who gives this woman in marriage?\" \"I do.\" Otis responded back, as he placed Kate's hand in Leopold's. Otis took a seat next to Constance as Kate and Leopold stepped up to the pulpit. Reverend Daley made the obligatory request; \"Should there be anyone who has cause why this couple should not be united in marriage, they must speak now or forever hold their peace.\" Everyone looked at Otis and Constance; all with the same unspoken thought of \"Thank the Lord that Millard is not here.\" Reverend Daley continued. \"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the sight of God, and in the presence of this company, to unite this man and this woman in holy matrimony; which is an honorable estate and therefore not to be entered into unadvisedly or lightly, but reverently, and discreetly, into which estate these two persons present come now to be joined. Reverend Daley asked Kate and Leopold to stand facing each other. He put Kate's bouquet down, so they could join hands. As much as they tried to maintain a solemn demeanor, they could not help but smile at each other. \"Do you Katherine Erin McKay take this man to be your husband, to live together in the covenant of marriage? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and obey him, and keep him, in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, for as long as you both shall live?\" \"I will.\" Kate said, with much more serious tone, as she looked into Leopold's eyes. Do you, Leopold Alexis Elijah Walker Thomas Gareth Mountbatten, take this woman to be your wife, to live together in the covenant of marriage? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, be faithful to her as long as you both shall live?\" \"I will.\" Leopold responded. Both his and Kate's eyes began to well with tears. They spoke their vows with deep emotion. Leopold placed his mother's wedding band onto Kate's finger. Constance dabbed at her eyes and kept her hand over Otis'. Reverend Daley recited a few favorite passages from Corinthians. \"Leopold and Katherine, in so much as the two of you have agreed to live together in Holy Matrimony, have promised your love for each other by these vows, the joining of your hands and the giving of this ring, I now declare you to be Husband and Wife. Whom God hath joined together, let no one put asunder.\" Kate and Leopold smiled ecstatically. Reverend Daley leaned over toward Leopold. \"You may kiss your bride.\" Leopold lifted Kate's veil and happily obliged. They kissed just a little longer than the standard Victorian wedding kiss. No one seemed to mind however, especially the new Duke and Duchess of Albany. Kate and Leopold were greeted outside with hugs, kisses, handshakes and even a bit of rice tossed by Constance. Leopold took Otis aside to express his concern over Millard's anticipated reaction. Leopold did not care that his Uncle would be irate about his marriage in general, but was only concerned for the welfare of Otis and Constance. It was no secret that Otis knew Millard better than anyone and that despite Millard's bravado…he was easily influenced by Otis and his own wife. Otis had no fear that he could handle this situation with the same finesse that he has successfully used so many times in the past. Leopold could only trust that Otis knew what he was doing. The newlyweds were soon in their carriage and waving their goodbyes. Leopold steered the horse in the desired direction and they were on their way uptown. Kate had not expected the streets to be as chaotic as they were. There were no traffic lights or police to maintain any semblance of order on the road. Carriages, people on horseback and bicycles zigzagged haphazardly, running through busy intersections. She was certain this was far more frightening than any ride she ever experienced in a New York City cab. Leopold kissed his new wife several times, as he held the reins in one hand. \"I think you better keep your eye on the road\" Kate suggested. \"Yes, my dear wife.\" Leopold replied teasingly. \"And another thing. Where I come from, men wear wedding rings too.\" \"Is that so? Well, I think we better take care of that then.\" \"And, they don't use the word obey anymore in wedding ceremonies.\" Leopold smiled at Kate. \"I think dear wife, that perhaps the word obey should have been in my vows instead.\" They laughed and stole another kiss. Thankfully, the horse kept his eyes on the road, as they became lost in their first passionate, albeit brief kiss as man and wife. Despite the fact that they heading for a shopping excursion before going to the hotel, they both had their impending wedding night very much on their minds. Leopold didn't know anything about Kate's sexual past, nor did he want to. He could not hold her responsible for the openly free era in which she was raised. Kate's sexual experience was unmemorable and lacking the love she longed for. Unbeknownst to Kate, Leopold had sexual opportunities, more than she might have imagined. Quite a few women would have been very happy to relinquish their virtue for a dalliance with a handsome Duke. However, he only wanted to wait until he was in love and now that time was here. In a way, tonight would be the first time for both of them. Kate's eyes lit up as she was soon surrounded by something that would certainly take her mind off of sex…. at least temporarily. They were in 19th century uptown Manhattan. \"This is the beginning of the Ladies' Mile.\" Leopold informed her. 9th Ave and Broadway began a mile long stretch of upscale shopping. Elegantly dressed men and women strolled and shopped in the most chic and expensive stores in all of New York City. He parked the carriage in front of Lord and Taylor Department Store. Kate was astounded when she saw the sign bearing the name of a store she regularly frequented. \"Oh my God!\" Kate exclaimed. \"Did you know this company is still in business? \" Leopold took delight in Kate feeling a connection to her past. Store management summoned every available salesperson, to help the Duke's new wife. The advent of off the rack clothing had recently begun and Kate was able to select the beginnings of her new wardrobe. When she was finished, her items would be packed and delivered immediately to their hotel room. Continuing up Broadway, Kate's eyes widened as Leopold negotiated the carriage in front of their next destination. \"I knew you would like this one\" Leopold raised his eyebrows and smiled. \"I want to buy you something special and I want you to select a ring for me.\" Leopold helped Kate down from the carriage and escorted her into Tiffany's. Kate was never usually at a loss for words, but she was rendered speechless, as she looked around the gleaming store in wonderment. She helped Leopold pick out a ring and at his insistence, a gift for herself. Kate sat in front of the display counter, admiring the stylish cameo pendants. One in particular reminded Kate of her grandmother's favorite. \"Then you must try it on.\" Leopold insisted and requested that particular piece from the gentleman behind the counter. Leopold walked behind Kate and attached the pendant around her neck. He resisted an overwhelming urge to kiss her soft skin where golden tendrils of her hair had begun to fall from the comb. Instead he softly ran his finger across the back of her neck. Kate could feel the electricity in his touch, as her pulse quickened. She stood up quickly and turned toward Leopold. \"It's beautiful.\" Kate said, as she touched her hand to the cameo. \"Then, it is yours.\" \"Thank you.\" Kate said softly. She could still feel the tingling trail of Leopold's touch on her neck. Looking into each other's eyes, an awkward silence fell over them. Together they shared an unspoken anticipation of what would happen that evening. Their purchases were complete and they returned to the carriage. Although there were many more stores to visit, Leopold's presence on Broadway was attracting increasing attention from the public. But, it was the undeniable enticement of their awaiting hotel suite that ended their shopping excursion. The final leg of their journey ended at 23rd Street and the magnificent Fifth Avenue Hotel. The hotel staff handled their check-in discreetly and they were quickly shown to their accommodations. Leopold carried Kate over the threshold and into their lavish suite. \"Does this meet with your approval, my dearest wife?\" \"I've never seen anything more beautiful\" Kate said as she surveyed the rooms, still in Leopold's arms. From every angle; rich mahogany furniture, silken draperies and vibrant imported rugs created the most luxurious setting Kate had ever witnessed. The air was adrift with the mingled scent of fresh cut flowers and aromatic wood, wafting from the flames of the magnificent fireplaces in each room. \"Fit for a Duchess.\" Leopold said as looked lovingly at Kate, before gently setting her down. She fell into his arms, as they kissed with their bodies pressed tightly together. Leopold took Kate's hat off and tossed it on the sofa. Pulling the comb that held her hair in place, he tenderly nuzzled his face into the soft, warm curve of her neck. As Kate's hair softly fell, he closed his eyes; taking in the heady scent of the perfume Kate wore. It seemed hauntingly familiar and he found himself transported back to their first embrace and kiss on the rooftop. \"I love you, Kate\" Leopold whispered softly into her ear. \"I love you too.\" She whispered back, closing her eyes. She still held the tiny box from Tiffany's in her hand. Kate released the tight hold she had around his shoulders. Opening the box, she took the ring in her fingers. \"Give me you hand.\" Kate said. \"With this ring, I thee wed.\" she recited, before placing the ring on Leopold's finger. He inspected his hand and smiled approvingly. \"I like this custom…I like it very much.\" He said, as he ran his finger over the polished metal. Leopold took Kate into his arms, but their embrace was interrupted by a knock on the door. Kate was certain that it was Millard, whom she imagined bursting in and causing a dreadful scene. She was quickly relieved and quite pleased instead, to see the hotel steward wheeling in a cart holding a bottle of champagne. \"Compliments of the Hotel New York.\" He said, as the cork was expertly popped and two flutes filled; before excusing himself. \"Shall we have a toast?\" Leopold asked. Kate was more than happy to consume some alcohol. She found herself more nervous than she would have imagined and hoped it would help her to relax a bit. She removed her gloves and eagerly took the champagne, as they raised their glasses. Leopold was overcome with emotion and could not speak for a moment. His eyes welled with tears as he struggled to find the words, which could possibly come close to expressing his feelings. \"My dearest Katherine, now my beloved wife; you know I am not usually at a loss for words. But, how can I express the depth of my love? I do not believe the words exist.\" Leopold paused for a moment. \"My bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love as deep; the more I give to thee, the more I have, for both are infinite.\" \"Wow…that's not bad for someone at a loss for words.\" Kate smiled. \"I must confess; the words are borrowed, but the feelings are not.\" \"It's beautiful, Leopold. I wish I was as poetic as you.\" \"You are here, Kate. That is poetry enough.\" Leopold kissed Kate and she could taste the sweet champagne on his lips. Kate finished her glass of champagne and quickly refilled it herself. Leopold placed his glass aside after he had sipped the last of it. \"You're not having more?\" Kate asked, now self-conscious that she was drinking alone. Leopold looked into Kate's eyes as he tenderly stroked her hair. \" No\" he said softly. \"I wish to remember every moment tonight.\" Kate was speechless and could only manage to respond with an almost inaudible \"Oh\", as she looked at Leopold with near astonishment. Her past boyfriends would not have cared if they were in a drunken stupor while having sex with her. And now, here was this man; her husband, who would be the first to truly make love to her. In its' own way, tonight would be the first time for both of them. Kate put her glass down; feeling too self-conscious to down her second glass. Leopold sensed the awkwardness between them. \"Dance with me, Kate.\" \"Dance? Uh….ok. But… wait.\" Kate took off her painfully tight boots and Leopold, thinking it was a grand idea, followed suit. Kate put her arms out the way Leopold had instructed her the night on the roof. \"No, not that way.\" Leopold said. \" How was it that you wanted to dance that night?\" \"Oh….like this.\" Kate put Leopold's hands on her waist, and placed her arms around his shoulders. No music was necessary, as they moved slowly; with their bodies pressed as tightly together as could be managed. Leopold kissed Kate as he wrapped his arms around her tiny waist. They kissed with growing passion, but both trapped beneath layers of material; their hands were forbidden from exploring their yearning bodies. Kate could not help but wonder how she would get out of her clothing. She certainly knew it was virtually impossible for Victorian women to totally dress or undress themselves. She wondered how Leopold would react when she asked for his help. \"Leopold\" she whispered with her hot breath into his ear; the same one she had just done some thrilling things to. \" Are husbands allowed to help their wives get dressed….or…..\" she hesitated for a moment… \" undressed?\" Lost in a sea of stirring physical sensations, it took him a minute to process what she had asked. \"I arranged for the services of a personal maid on staff here at the hotel.\" Leopold answered, with his mind still very much focused on what Kate had been doing to his ear. \"What? Are you serious? I'm not having a stranger help me undress on my wedding night. It's bad enough I need help to get dressed in general.\" Kate was clearly not pleased. Personal maids were a necessity and Leopold assumed he had done the right thing. He never really considered how uncomfortable and strange it must be for Kate. \"In fact\" Kate continued… \"after today, I am not wearing this damn thing anymore.\" She said, pointing to the unyielding corset; pulled so tight, she was certain her internal organs must be displaced. Leopold was at a loss for what to say. \"What do you propose we do?\" he asked cautiously. \"I think a husband ought to help his wife with such things.\" Kate responded quite decisively. While it was certainly unheard of for a Duke to assist his wife with dressing, Leopold now considered himself a liberated Victorian man. He was not an ordinary Duke and Kate certainly no ordinary Duchess. \"Well\" Leopold said, pretending to be deep in thought. \"I suppose I could learn, but you must be patient with me.\" \"I promise\" Kate smiled. \" Now, what was it that I was doing?\" \"I believe it was something around here.\" Leopold said as he pointed to his ear and pulled Kate close. He kissed her with an unfamiliar urgency, igniting a flood of desire neither had ever experienced. Kate broke from their embrace and turned with her back facing Leopold. They were both breathing deeply, as he eyed the multitude of tiny buttons down the back of her jacket. \"I suppose this is where we start.\" Kate nodded, as Leopold ran his finger around the top button. He was both nervous and excited over what he was about to do, in an era where just the flash of a woman's ankle was considered unacceptably erotic. He kissed the back of her neck, as he awkwardly began unbuttoning Kate's jacket. Despite the fact that she still had several more layers of undergarments, as each button was coaxed open, his hunger for Kate intensified. He had never felt anything so forbidding and exhilarating, at the same time. He fumbled with fingers not quite as agile as he knew them to be. Finally, after what seemed to be an eternity, the buttons were all undone and Kate removed her jacket, dropping it on the floor. She turned around and pointed playfully to the waistline of her skirt. Leopold managed to negotiate the maze of hooks and eyes that held the heavy cloth together. She gratefully dropped the cumbersome garment and managed to remove her petticoat and bustle. Leopold felt conspicuously overdressed as he looked at Kate in her corset and undergarments, with aching desire. He untied his cravat and began slowly unbuttoning his jacket, as their eyes were fixed upon each other. Leopold dropped his jacket and vest on the floor. Unbuttoning the top of his shirt, he walked over to Kate and in an instant they were locked in a lustful kiss. Kate's arms pulled Leopold closer, as she memorized every inch of his neck with her petal soft lips and tongue. Leopold felt that he might die right there and then, his heart was beating so wildly. He fought with the lacing of Kate's corset, which gradually fell to the floor. Through her thin chemise, Leopold could feel every curve of her lithe body. This time though, his hands did not stop on the small of her back, as they moved down toward her thighs. Kate sighed, as Leopold murmured her name again and again. She unbuttoned his shirt, running her hands over his bare muscular chest and shoulders for the first time. In one swift, effortless movement, Leopold scooped Kate into his arms and carried her into the master bedroom. The lit fireplace cast a luminous golden glow in the darkened room, as they fell onto the bed and each last piece of clothing was strewn about the room. No longer forbidden, they reveled in the discovery of each other's bodies; exploring every inch of soft, curving flesh, every hard, lean muscle. Their union culminating in a final moment of unimaginable ecstasy that neither had ever dreamt possible. They lay in a tangle of limbs and discarded clothing, holding tightly to each other and wishing this moment would last an eternity. They drifted in and out of a blissful slumber, until Kate was awoken by the sound of a knock on the door. \"Leopold…wake up.\" He was sound asleep and she needed to shake him. \"Hey, are you alive?\" Leopold opened his eyes slowly. \"Mmmmmm…I believe I am.\" He smiled and pulled Kate on top of him, capturing her lips in a soft, deep kiss. \"Don't you hear someone at the door? Oh my God..do you think it could be your Uncle?\" \"I did not hear anything.\" \"That's because you were unconscious.\" Then he did hear another knock. \"Damn\" he said as looked down at his unclothed body. \"I best see who it is. Most likely it is your package or our dinner.\" Leopold got out of bed as Kate admired his lean, muscular frame. He found his pants quickly, but took a minute to locate his shirt. Kate watched, rather amused, as he tried to dress quickly and left the room with his mis-buttoned shirt hanging over his pants and barefoot. She pulled a sheet off the bed and wrapped it around herself. Kate was not about to miss watching a disheveled Duke answering the door. She tried her best to muffle the sound of her laughter as she watched Leopold step over the trail of clothing. He opened the door a crack and the same steward was outside delivering the dinner Leopold had previously ordered, in addition to Kate's purchases. Leopold tried his very best to insist on bringing the cart and large box in himself, but the steward would hear nothing of it and pushed the cart right into the suite. The steward was a master of discretion however, and acted oblivious to the very obvious trail of clothing leading to the bedroom. Leopold maintained his regal composure, although he was certainly mortified. Kate could no longer contain her laughter at the scene outside her door. The steward finally left, after dragging the box into the room. Leopold turned around and looked at Kate, peeking out from behind the bedroom door. \"I am glad you find such humor in my embarrassment.\" \"Come on Leopold…you have to admit, it is pretty funny. Just look at you.\" She said, walking out from the room. He looked down and scratching his head, broke into a broad smile. \"Not to mention our clothes all over the place. You should be lucky there's no Star Magazine or we would be front-page news. Now, come here.\" Kate motioned with her finger. \" We must do something about that shirt.\" \"Hmmmm, yes, I suppose you are right.\" Leopold said with a mischievous smile. \"You have this buttoned all wrong.\" She said; unbuttoning his shirt one by one, as she slowly and sensually planted soft, feathery kisses down his chest. That night they made love in the living room, the master bedroom, the spare bedroom………. It was a very prolific wedding night indeed, and an exquisite beginning to their marriage.[Chapter 9] Thursday morning before daybreak, Leopold lay awake in bed. The fire had been reduced to a few burning embers; leaving the room cold and darkened. He was unable to sleep and actually unable to recall if he had slept at all on their wedding night. His mind and body had been ill prepared for the extraordinary experience of making love to Kate. There had been no formal sex education in Victorian England. Rather, it was the accepted practice for upper class young men to experience their first sexual encounters with a prostitute. Leopold did not engage in this tradition and remained virtuous and inexperienced. In reality, he had learned more about the carnal arts watching cable television in Stuart's apartment than in his entire previous life. He could barely make out Kate's form, but could hear her faint breaths as she slept close to him. Leopold closed his eyes as he thought of the moment their marriage had been consummated. He had never known such ecstasy; such bliss. But even more profound than the exquisite physical sensations, Leopold was consumed with feelings of love for Kate that were almost too much to bear. He ached to tell Kate, but resisted his growing desire to awaken her. Leopold felt guilty for keeping her up most of the night, although she certainly seemed to have been more than a willing partner. As she slept soundly, Leopold moved his body closer; listening to her breath and studying her delicate features in the new light of dawn. He gently pulled the blanket over Kate's exposed shoulders; to keep her warm against the chilled morning air. As she moved slightly; Kate's silken skin brushed against Leopold's under the plush down quilt. He sighed softly and could no longer restrain himself; as if his hands had a mind of their own. Kate was gently roused from a peaceful slumber by Leopold's pleasurable caresses. They were soon making love; their bodies moving together in a sensual rhythm until they lay in breathless rapture. \"I love you, Kate..I love you.\" Leopold murmured, as he nestled his face into the warm, soft curve of her neck; breathing deeply as his heartbeat slowly returned to its normal rhythm. Holding Kate tightly in his long, muscled arms, they lay with legs entwined, whispering endearments to each other. All track of time was lost as they fell in and out of sleep; to be finally summoned from bed by knocking on the front door. Leopold reluctantly left Kate; dressing quickly as he tossed the discarded clothing from last evening into the bedroom and closed the door. Kate welcomed a moment alone, as she lay in bed realizing just how unappealing she felt after their rather active night and morning. She could hear Leopold speaking with someone and decided it was the perfect opportunity to try out the new, state of the art shower in the bathroom. Although rather primitive by modern standards, it was a shower nonetheless, something Kate missed terribly. Once in the bathroom, Kate stood examining the strange looking apparatus. There was a crank and other odd attachments and eventually she gave up in frustration trying to figure it all out. The sink and a towel would have to do for now. Examining her face in the mirror, Kate hoped it was the poor lighting that was responsible for her dulled complexion. She looked at the empty counter, remembering all the jars and tubes of assorted creams and lotions that populated her old bathroom; the scrub that made her face glow; the eye cream, which cost far too much but she bought anyway; her favorite shampoo. She wondered if they had dental floss and q-tips, a razor or minty toothpaste. She would have never imagined that these little things she took for granted just a few days ago, now did not seem so little after all. Kate's lament over her lost luxuries was interrupted by Leopold's voice calling her for breakfast. She put on her robe and walked into the living room. \"Good morning, Mrs. Mountbatten.\" Leopold said as he kissed Kate's hand. \"Mrs. Mountbatten. My, that does sound lovely; does it not?\" \"It does have a nice ring to it..\" Kate smiled in agreement; looking over at a large trunk that sat next to the sofa. \"Where did that come from?\" she asked. \"Otis sent clothing for me. I left without a single item. He also sent this.\" Leopold handed Kate a note that had been delivered along with the trunk. She unfolded the fine linen paper. Your Grace, I trust this letter will find you and the Duchess in good health. Your presence is respectfully requested to dine with your Uncle, Friday evening at 8:00. With warm regards, Otis \"Your Uncle? He invited us to dinner?\" Kate looked surprised at this unexpected correspondence. \"Do not make too much of it. I highly doubt the invitation is from my uncle. It is more likely Otis attempting to bring about some sort of reconciliation.\" Leopold responded; although he secretly wished it was indeed his Uncle's invite. \"So, are we going?\" \"I would never force that upon you Kate. But, I will not go without you.\" \"I'll go…I don't care. We' re leaving Tuesday no matter what. Right?\" \"No matter what. That decision is final.\" Leopold responded in writing that he and Kate would accept the invitation to dinner. Although he harbored mixed feelings about seeing his uncle, it needed to be done and there was not much time left. They never did make it out of their suite that day. Hopelessly in love and lust; they wanted nothing more than to spend their first day as man and wife in each other's arms. They made love and planned their future together. Leopold talked with excitement about their lives in England. He described his home in such vivid detail; Kate could picture each room and the extensive grounds, as if she had already been there. As excited as she was to embark upon her new life, Kate thoughts often turned to all she left behind. Leopold would periodically catch her staring off into the distance, with a pained expression; almost on the verge of tears. Kate would make little of it when he would inquire as to what she was thinking about. But, Leopold knew that part of her heart would always be back home. It grieved him that Kate was in mourning and that there was little he could do to help her. He made sure to keep Kate as busy as possible on Friday; touring New York, shopping and dining out for lunch. Against his better judgment, he even complied with Kate's wishes to see where the immigrants lived. ********************************** Friday evening, Millard's house staff greeted them warmly; particularly Constance and Otis, who had the unpleasant task of informing Leopold that Millard would not be joining them for dinner after all. He vehemently refused to see his nephew and made plans which would keep him out of the house until later that evening. Leopold remained composed but Kate could see the disappointment and sadness in his eyes. For all of his bravado in pretending to not need his Uncle's acceptance and approval, he actually longed for it. Kate did not say a word, but she felt responsible for creating even a deeper rift between Leopold and Millard. Leopold had no intentions of leaving that night until Millard returned and if nothing else, informing him of their plans. Kate insisted she be present and Leopold had no objection to that. With Millard's deliberate absence; dinner conversation was uncomfortably at a minimum. Kate consumed more than a few large glasses of wine; hoping it would ease her feelings of guilt. While it did not help to achieve that desired result; it did lessen her inhibitions and she freely voiced her displeasure with Millard as the staff served their meal. Leopold tried in vain to curtail Kate's comments, but she was quite headstrong. At 11:00, Millard returned home and went straight to his study. The slamming of his door reverberated through the house. Kate knew enough to silence herself, but Leopold had already decided that it would not be in their best interest for Kate to accompany him. \"Perhaps it would be best for you to go upstairs and rest.\" Leopold suggested. \"But, you said we could go together. He doesn't scare me anymore. We're married now and I am going with you. Are you afraid of what I might say?\" \"Actually, yes.\" \"We're leaving anyway, so what does it matter?\" \"Because I would wish for my uncle to respect you. And, I would hope one day he might come to love you as a niece.\" \"Fine\" Kate responded curtly. She was in no mood to argue with Leopold and felt she had already done enough damage. Kate reached for her glass of wine, which was promptly moved away by Leopold. \"No more, Kate.\" He said, shaking his head. Kate made a face, indicating her displeasure. \" Fine!\" she responded loudly as she stormed out of the dining room and headed up the stairs to her old room. Kate could not lie down, as Leopold suggested. She was too agitated and still wanting to be by his side. She peered outside the door and called to a maid passing in the hallway. \"Hello\" Kate called out. \"Yes, your Grace. \" replied a very young and newly hired maid. \"What is your name?\" \"Erin; your Grace.\" \" Erin, could you do something for me? I would really love a glass of wine. In fact, just bring me the whole damn bottle.\" \"Right away.\" Erin replied; trying hard to remain composed, despite the shock of Kate's language. She quickly scurried down the hall; unaware of Leopold's request that Kate be allowed no more alcohol. She returned promptly and poured a large goblet of wine and complied with Kate's wish to be left alone. ************************************** Downstairs, Leopold took a deep breath, before knocking on Millard's door. \"Come in\" Millard yelled out in a most uninviting manner. Leopold had not a chance to say a word before Millard's voice erupted into a booming tirade. He berated Leopold; shouting about betrayal and family honor. As Millard's anger grew, so did Kate's. She had quickly consumed several glasses of wine and was quite inebriated that point. Incensed that she was not permitted to stand beside her husband downstairs, Kate was not about to be treated like a submissive Victorian woman. Clearly, Leopold had to know that she expected to be treated as an equal, and was not going to stand for this. She had one last gulp of wine and made her way to Millard's study. As she stood in front of the door, Millard's booming voice startled Kate and her bravery seemed to vanish. For the moment, she was content to listen at the door, as Millard continued his seemingly endless diatribe. \"I can barely afford to support you, Leopold. Do you expect that I will now support your wife and any children you bring into the world, as well?\" \"I fully intend to support my own family, Uncle. What I did expect however, was that you would welcome my wife and temporarily provide us with shelter. But, I knew better than that and have already booked passage on the next ship to England.\" \"And where may I inquire, do you intend to reside?\" Leopold looked surprised that Millard would have to even ask such a question. \"In our family home, of course.\" Millard hesitated for a moment. \"There is no home, Leopold.\" He answered, quite matter-of-factly. Leopold looked puzzled. \"What do you mean? Of course we have a home in England.\" \"I am sorry to inform you that I had no choice but to sell the home and property. It was vacant and we required the funds.\" Leopold was stunned and nearly speechless. \"That home belonged to my parents, as well. It was all I had left of them.\" His voice cracked with emotion. \" How could you even consider selling it without the mere mention if it to me? And, to whom was it sold?\" \"That is not the issue. The issue is where you will now reside.\" \"I am sorry, but it is the issue. I intend to purchase the home back, after I claim my trust fund.\" Leopold responded adamantly. Millard turned and slowly walked toward the window; avoiding any eye contact with Leopold. His silence was disconcerting as he turned his stare toward the street below. Leopold's expression turned somber, as a feeling of impending doom slowly crept through his body. \" I regret to inform you that your trust fund has been depleted. I had fully intended to replenish it, but it has become impossible to do. Unless you and your bride intend on selling wares from a cart in the street, I am afraid you will have no income.\" Leopold felt as if he had been punched in the gut. Kate put her hand to her mouth and whispered \"Oh God.\" Even in her state of inebriation, Kate knew this was all devastating news. As if on cue, Otis appeared in the hallway and saw the distressed expression on Kate's face. \"Your Grace, may I assist you?\" he asked. \"No…no. I'm….um…fine. I …uh…just need to lie down.\" Kate stumbled up the stairs, tripping on her dress and slamming the door to her room. She quickly finished the glass of wine she had left behind. Pacing about the room, she was in a state of panic. Her heart pounded and her head spun. \"Oh my God, oh God…I can't do this. I can't do this to him.\" She envisioned herself and Leopold tending to a food cart, in tattered clothing; their children with dirty faces clinging to her skirt. She could see no future for them. Kate could not allow her presence to destroy the life intended for Leopold. And, without the luxuries of his world to ease all the comforts she had lost, Kate feared that life would be too difficult to bear. At that moment, all Kate wanted was to be home. She longed for her old life: her own belongings, her brother and her friends. Kate opened the closet and rifled through the hanging garments until she reached her dress. She tossed it on the bed and located the ripped hemline; pulling out the small, folded piece of paper she had secretly concealed within it. Opening the note from Stuart, Kate wept as she read his final words to her and the heart wrenching decision he left her to make. She knew this was her only chance, before being trapped here forever. Kate prayed that Leopold would know she sacrificed their love so that their lives would not be wrought with poverty and despair. She had read enough history books to know about the lives of the early immigrants. Unsteadily, Kate made her way to the desk. With the quill and ink, she wrote a note to Leopold. Dear Leopold, I wish I belonged here, but I don't. Your Uncle is right. I will only ruin your life and I love you too much to do that. Please don't ever forget me. I'll love you for the rest of my life. Kate Her tears fell onto the paper, causing the ink to run and the letters to intermingle. Kate touched her rings as she contemplated what to do with them. Although she longed to keep them, Kate could not bring herself to take away Leopold's treasured memory of his mother. They might be all he had left from her. She held her hand over her heart before reluctantly and agonizingly removing the rings from her finger; placing them on top of the note. Taking one last, longing look around the room; Kate recalled her first night there, which seemed so long ago. It was difficult to see through her tears, as she walked out and closed the door behind her. Holding tightly to the banister, Kate slowly made her way down the long staircase. She had almost made it out of the house without anyone taking notice; except for Erin, who happened to be near the front foyer. Prior to that evening, no one might have been very concerned if Kate was observed leaving the house. But now, she was a Dutchess and the responsibility of the entire staff. Erin could see that Kate was quite obviously distraught and unsteady on her feet. She was not about to make a huge blunder and allow the new Duchess to walk out into the night. She tried to discretely detain Kate. \"Forgive me, Your Grace; but shall I inform the Duke that you are leaving the house?\" \"No, please don't bother him.\" Kate responded adamantly, as she turned the doorknob. \"But, it is quite late.\" Kate had hoped to slip out unnoticed and not anticipated the need to give an explanation. Alcohol had blurred her quick thinking and she blurted out the first thought that came to her mind. \"It's my brother. I uh….have to meet him right away.\" \"But, please…allow me to secure an escort for you.\" Erin pleaded. . She desperately needed this job and feared what might happen if the new Duchess left the house. \"No…I am fine.\" Kate responded brusquely, as she walked out the door and onto the darkened street, leaving the bewildered maid running off to find help. ************************************** Leopold had never felt so emotionally abandoned. Even though he had lived through the profound pain of losing his parents; his uncle's betrayal cut deep because of the deliberate nature. Leopold could not even think of anything to say to Millard. It seemed pointless. Everything was gone and nothing he could say would bring his money or home back. He wanted nothing more than be out of Millard's sight and he simply walked out of the room to retrieve Kate and leave. He headed straight for the staircase, but was intercepted by Constance. \"Your Grace, I must inform you at once that the Duchess has left the house.\" \"Forgive me, Constance; could you repeat that? I was preoccupied and certain that I have misunderstood. I thought you just said that Kate left the house.\" Leopold said; smiling at how outlandish that would have been. \"No, your Grace. There was no misunderstanding. That is correct.\" \"What do you mean? What do you mean she left the house? With whom?\" Leopold questioned, still not believing what he had just heard. \"She left alone, your Grace. Erin made every effort to detain her, but she was quite determined.\" \"You must be mistaken.\" He said adamantly. \"She is in her quarters resting…..I am certain of it.\" Leopold turned and ran up the stairs before Constance had a chance to give any further explanation. Knocking on the door, he called out for Kate. He did not wait for a response and went right inside. Leopold walked straight toward the bed; certain Kate would be lying under the rumpled spread and blankets. Pulling them back, he stared at the vacant space. \"Kate?\" he called out several times, with growing urgency, as he scanned the room. He searched every corner, every alcove, the bathroom and closet. The fire was beginning to die and a cold chill ran through the air. In the dim light, Leopold could see a bottle of wine on the desk. His heart was pounding as he picked it up and saw that it had been opened and almost completely consumed. \" Oh God\" he said softly. As he placed the bottle down, he noticed Kate's rings, which sat upon a folded piece of paper bearing his name. He picked the rings up, as a feeling of panic washed over him. Leopold held them tightly in his hand for a second before placing them in his jacket pocket. He took the paper into the well-lit hallway where he read Kate's note. Leopold stared at the tear stained paper, frozen for a moment in a state of utter bewilderment. He ran downstairs to the foyer where Constance and Erin waited, along with Otis. \"She is not there.\" Leopold cried out. \"Otis, please…where is she?\" \"Your Grace, I found the Duchess outside of your Uncle's study. She appeared distressed. I believe she might have overheard part of your conversation.\" \"That explains this.\" Leopold said furiously as he pressed the note into Otis' hand. \"Your Grace, the Duchess informed Erin she was meeting her brother. I am sure she is fine.\" Constance said, trying to comfort him. \" Wait…did you say her….. brother?\" Leopold asked; shaking his head in disbelief. \"That is impossible!\" \"I am certain that is what she said, your Grace.\" Erin said softly. \"Charles is here? Where is he? Did you see him?\" Leopold's tone was loud and uncharacteristically demanding. \"No, your Grace. I did not.\" Erin responded, startled by Leopold's interrogation. \"So she just walked out into the night, alone?\" \"Yes, your Grace I tried to stop her, but she would hear nothing of it.\" Erin responded meekly. Visibly shaken and afraid to make eye contact with Leopold, she began to cry. \"But, I did find this outside, which the Duchess must have dropped in her haste.\" Erin handed Leopold the small, folded piece of paper that Kate had clutched in her hand as she escaped out the door. As he read Stuart's note, Constance watched Leopold's face turn ashen. \"Oh God, no! This cannot be.\" Leopold cried out as his blood ran cold. He frantically pulled out his pocket watch. It was nearly midnight and there was no time to have his horse retrieved. \"Please.. pray that I am not too late!\" Leopold desperately begged as he bolted out the door and began to run toward the bridge. The bell tower began to chant its' agonizing countdown to midnight. Despite the speed in which he ran, Leopold knew in his heart that he would never make it in time. Still several blocks away from the bridge, the sound of unbearable silence soon filled the night air. Leopold began to scream Kate's name, until he finally reached the bridge. In the faint light of the streetlamps, Leopold searched in desperation for Kate. At the base of the bridge's ladder, he picked up a white, silken glove he found on the ground. Quickly inspecting it, he knew instantly it was Kate's. Putting his hands to face, Leopold began to sob, as he fell to his knees. The pain of his heartbreak was unbearable. He could not fathom living without Kate. Leopold looked up toward the bridge and knew there was only one thing he could do. He was going to jump and if the portal was closed, then he would rather die than to live here without her. All Leopold could do was to pray that Stuart's calculation was wrong and that he and Kate would be reunited. He wiped his face and took several deep breaths. Leopold began to climb the ladder as tears streamed down his cheeks. He couldn't think clearly, but the one thought he could not shake from his head was that the idea of Kate leaving him seemed inconceivable. \"No! It's not possible.\" He yelled out into the night. He refused to believe that Kate would abandon him. Refused to believe that she even possessed the physical prowess to scale the towering height of the bridge. He was certain she was here, confused and probably lost. Leopold quickly descended the ladder and began desperately combing the streets of lower Manhattan for his beloved wife. He vowed to not return home without Kate.[Chapter 10] Katencould barely catch her breath as she climbed the stairs to Millard'snmansion. Dizzy from alcohol and exhausted from running she wonderednhow long she had been gone. It felt like only a few minutes and Katenhoped that she could quickly retrieve the note that was left behindnfor Leopold, before he had a chance to read it. Despite Millard'snmore than obvious aversion to her relationship with his nephew, Katenreturned to the house. She could not imagine her life without Leopoldnand was not about to allow Millard to destroy their marriage. Somehownthey would create a life for themselves, on their own, as it shouldnbe. Kate tried to turn the handle of the ornate door, but wasnstunned to find it locked. Calling out for Leopold and Otis shenknocked on the door repeatedly. \"Someone let me in,nplease!\" she begged repeatedly with growing urgency. She continuednpounding on the door until her knuckles were reddened and sore, butnthere was still no response. \"Leopold…where are you?\" Katenshouted through the door. She wondered if he was out searching fornher and Millard had ordered the doors locked, as his final act ofnrenouncing his nephew. She peered through the windows, but the roomsnwere darkened. It would not matternhow long Kate tried to get inside or how desperately she continued ton call for Leopold; he was not there and would never be. Kate wasnoblivious to the fact that she had indeed jumped from the bridge andnno longer existed in 1876. She had not been cognizant of the sightsnand sounds of the modern city all around her as she ran blindly tonMillard's home. Kate had traversed time physically, but her mindnhad not yet caught up with her physical being. Gradually, familiarnsounds began filling her consciousness as a bone chilling, icynsensation slowly crept through every cell in her body. She refusednto turn and look toward the street, as the realization of what shenhad done slowly became an unbearable reality. After several long andnagonizing minutes, Kate forced herself to turn her stare toward thensounds she could no longer deny. She exhaled a raggednbreath and felt as if she had hit hard. \"No! Oh God no!\" Katencried out; shaking her head in denial as automobiles sped by andnelectric streetlights illuminated the darkness. It seemed impossiblento her that she could have no memory of climbing the bridge ornjumping. All she could remember was fleeing toward the bridge andnnow, running back to Millard's. She banged on the door inndesperation, calling out for Leopold. \"Oh God…help me.\" Katenbegged, as she leaned her body against the door; paralyzed by thenshock and disbelief at what she had done. \"I have to go back…Inhave to go back.\" Kate cried; wiping away the tears streaming downnher face. Her first impulse was to return to the bridge, but she hadnno way of knowing if the portal was still open and did not want tonleap to her death. She knew there was only one person who could helpnher return to Leopold. \"Stuart….I need Stuart.\" Kate whisperednto herself. She was certain he would help her return right away,nhopefully before Leopold would even know what she had done. Weightedndown by her heavy Victorian garb and ignoring the inquisitive staresnfrom late night pedestrians, Kate began to run toward her oldnapartment building. Stuart did not expectnKate to take him up on his offer to come back, but he could notncompletely rule it out either. If she were to return home, he assumednshe would arrive back on the night she had left. But, as with mostnscience, it could never be exact and there always remained a marginnof error. When midnight had passed and there was no sign of Kate,nStuart congratulated himself on a job well done, although it was anbittersweet victory. Stuart could not deny the fact that he wouldnmiss Kate. With the finality ofnKate being gone, Stuart thoughts went to Charlie, who had beennlanguishing in the apartment the last few days; lonely, depressed andnemotionally ill equipped to begin to pick up the pieces of his life.nCharlie was afraid to go out, paranoid that the police would benwatching his every move. But within the last few days, DetectivenJensen was busy investigating a rash of murders downtown andnsuddenly; missing marketing executives no longer took precedence. Stuart needed to getnout of the apartment and clear his mind, at least for an hour or so.nThings at the university were not going well. In fact, they could notnget much worse. He was able to finally convince Charlie to go out andngrab a bite to eat. They walked several blocks away to the local allnnight diner, sitting in a booth next to the window. They were bothnpreoccupied and there was little conversation. Stuart was quitencontent to watch the attractive new waitress refill the salt-shakersnat the counter, while Charlie made trails in a pool of ketchup withnhis uneaten fries. Stuart finally worked up the nerve to walk overnand talk to the attractive blonde, as Charlie stared vacantly out thenwindow. He took notice of an oddly dressed woman scurrying awkwardlynpast the diner. Charlie was quite certain he had finally gone mad;nbecause he would have sworn that woman was his sister. He blinkednhard a few times, as if that would somehow obliterate what had to bena hallucination. He knew it was impossible that it was Kate, but yetnhe felt inexplicably compelled to go outside and see for himself ifnhis brain had played some sort of cruel trick on him. He quicklynbolted out the door and watched the mysterious woman in the peculiarnclothing begin to cross the street. Impulsively, Charlie yelled outnKate's name and watched incredulously as she abruptly stopped andnslowly turned in his direction. \"Oh my God…\"nCharlie whispered in disbelief as he stared into Kate's eyes. Hisnheart pounded as he broke out in a cold sweat. Charlie pushed thendiner door open, as he watched Kate closely; afraid she might vanishnif he looked away even for a second. \"Stu…get overnhere.\" He yelled into the diner. \"In a minute.\"nStuart responded, rather casually. \"No…not in anminute. Get over here….now!\" Charlie's voice had a sense ofnurgency that even Stuart could not ignore. He walked toward Charlie,nlooking a bit perturbed. \"Hey I was just about to get her number.\" \"Do you see what Insee?\" Stuart looked in thendirection of Charlie's pointed finger. His eyes widened at thenunexpected sight of Kate. \"Huh…how do you like that?\" \"What? That's allnyou can say?\" Charlie responded; bewildered by Stuart'snnonchalance over Kate's mysterious appearance. He did not wait fornan answer and began walking quickly toward her with Stuart followingnslowly behind. Kate was a pathetic, but beautiful sight; her eyes rednand swollen from crying, her hair and clothing disheveled. She stoodntransfixed to her spot on the pavement, her mind still awhirl. In anmoment, Charlie was reaching out to touch her arm…still needingnproof that she was indeed real. Neither could find suitable words tonsay at such a moment. Charlie embraced his sister; confused as to hownshe was able to come back and more importantly; why. \"Hey Kate\" Stuartnsaid, greeting her almost as casually as if she had just returnednfrom the mall. \"Didn't think you'd take me up on my offer.\" Charlie released hisnhold on Kate as he turned around. \"Offer? What offer?\" He asked.nKate and Stuart looked at each other, neither responding to Charlie'snquestion. \"Would someone tell me what the hell is going on?\"nCharlie asked again; this time clearly angry that he had been leftnout of some sort of shared secret. Kate quickly revealednthe details of her life since jumping from the bridge one short weeknago. So much had happened and it sounded much more like a script fromna period film, although they knew it was all true. Charlie's joy atnhaving his sister return was abruptly interrupted by Kate's finalnwords; \"But, I have to go back…right away.\" \"Go back?\" Charlienasked, his expression mirroring his obvious dismay at the thought ofnKate leaving him again. \"I made a mistake,nCharlie. I'm sorry..I'm so sorry.\" Kate apologized repeatedlynas she looked into her brother's sad eyes; which appeared to be onnthe verge of tears. She turned toward Stuart, who had stood silentlynobserving their emotional exchange. \"Stuart…please get me back.nLeopold doesn't know where I am.\" Stuart didn't respondnimmediately; he didn't know how. He didn't know how to tell Katenthat his work had gone missing from his office at the university whennhe had returned from lunch several days ago. His superiors, whonbelieved it was the property of the department, had confiscated it.nThey believed the discovery was far too monumental and historic fornone person to claim the credit. But to Stuart, it was stolen becausenof intellectual greed and by the very people he had trusted the most.nWithout it, he didn't know when the portal would be open again andnit would take years to recreate all his calculations. \"Stuart!nPlease…answer me. He's probably looking for me right now.\" \"Kate..I….uh…\"nStuart stopped abruptly. He couldn't do it. He couldn't tell hernthat she probably would never go back. That she would probably nevernsee her husband again. So instead, he did what he thought best at thentime; he lied. \"I have to work onnit. I have to be sure it's open.\" Kate breathed a sigh ofnrelief. \"Thank you! Oh..thank God\" she cried out as she huggednStuart.. \"You're going to do it right now?\" \"Uh…yeah. Rightnnow.\" Stuart said softly, one lie leading into another. \"OK…I'll wait fornyou by the river. On the first bench…you know the one.\" \"Yeah.\" He knewnthe one. The same bench he and Kate would sit on and talk for hoursnearly in their relationship. Stuart walked away, feeling guilty andndisgusted by his cowardice. Kate was ecstatic atnthe thought she would soon be reunited with Leopold. She was notntempted in the least to return to her comfortable life filled withnmodern day conveniences. She was so consumed with love for him thatnif she ever had doubts about leaving her life behind, they were nownobliterated. A life with Leopold was worth so much more than a cellnphone or television. The only pain she felt was leaving her brothernbehind, again. \"Charlie, come withnme. You can be an actor there. You should see the theatres.\" Charlie remembered thatnone desperate night when he went to the bridge and contemplatednjumping. He might have taken Kate up on her offer had he not been sonin love with Patrice. After months of worshipping her from afar, henfinally stood a real chance. He couldn't imagine leaving Patricennow. He wanted to beg Kate to stay. He wanted to tell her that shenmight die young and he would never know what happened to her. Henwanted to tell her that he needed her; she was the only family henhad. But, he understood why Kate needed to return to Leopold and hentook solace in knowing that she would be loved and cherished. \"I'll be OK. Younneed to be with Leopld.\" They walked arm in armntoward the river and were soon sitting on the bench. Kate chatterednaway, telling Charlie all the details she never had a chance to thenfirst time she left; such as how to access the funds from hernsizeable bank account. Charlie didn't want to tell her that if hentouched one penny of it, he would most likely land in jail. Henthought it best not to bring up the complicated mess she had leftnbehind. At least an hour hadnpassed and Kate grew increasingly impatient. She couldn't rid hernmind of the image of Leopold frantically searching for her. She askednCharlie to call Stuart to see what was taking him so long. Charliendidn't want to hurry Stuart along. He didn't want to cut shortnthe last moments he would have with his sister. Having her back onenlast time was somewhat of a miracle and he wanted it to last. Henreluctantly dialed Stuart's cell and was disappointed that henanswered. Stuart had returned tonthe diner to continue his efforts at wooing the waitress. Withoutnthinking, he answered without looking at the caller ID. \"Yeah?\" Charlie walked closernto the river. \"When are you goingnto get here? She's getting antsy.\" \"Listen Charlie……I'mnjust going to have to tell you the truth.. She can't go back.\" nStuart said bluntly. \"What? What do younmean?\" \"I mean it'sndone…over. I'm officially out of the time travel business.\" \"What the hell arenyou talking about?\" \"I really can'tntalk about it. But…things have changed. I can't get her back.\" \"You mean…tonight?\" \"No, I mean….ever.\" \"Ever…as in never?\" \"Yeah…never.\" \"So you lied to her?\"nCharlie could feel the heat rising up from his neck. \"I couldn't tellnher. I just couldn't do it. I didn't think she was going to comenback. What the hell did she do that for?\" \"She said she made anmistake. Oh man..this is bad…she's sitting here waiting for you.nOh my God. Stu…how are you going to tell her?\" \"Maybe you shouldntell her.\" \"Me? How did I getninvolved in this?\" \"It's like tellingna woman that her husband just died. I think this sort of thing shouldncome from a family member.\" \"Oh really. Well…I'mnthe family member who's going to have to help her through this. nThis was all your doing. You got her into this, now you get her out.\" Whether it was Stuart'snguilt over his past indiscretions or his residual feelings for Kate;nhe easily surrendered. \"Fine…I'll do it. She already hatesnme…can't get much worse…can it?\" \"It's about to.\"nCharlie hung up and looked over toward Kate. She smiled and waved atnhim. She looked so blissful and so unaware of how her life was aboutnto change forever. Charlie walked back and sat next to Kate,ninstinctively putting his arm around her. \"Is he on his way?\" \"Yeah…..he is.\"nCharlie answered as a feeling of dread swept through him. \"Oh good…I can'tnwait much longer. Did I tell you we're moving to England?\" \"Yeah…you did.\"nCharlie smiled at Kate and held her a bit tighter. While Charlie and Katenwaited for Stuart, Leopold arrived back at the river. After he hadnnot found Kate anywhere near the bridge he returned to the hotel,ncertain she would be waiting for him there. Leopold ran the entirendistance swiftly, envisioning Kate in her flowing white nightgown andnher lovely face illuminated by the glow of the fire. But, it was notnto be. The suite was empty and the staff had not seen her since theynboth left earlier that day. Leopold returned to the river; dejectednbut not without hope. Still clutching Kate's glove, he sat on anbench in almost the exact spot where Kate waited. They could feelneach other's presence and were both tricked by the naïveninnocence and optimism of new love to believe that they would not benin each other's arms that night. They had no way to know that lovendid not always conquer all.[Chapter 11] Charlie pulled the thick blanket over his head in a futile attempt to muffle the sound that he had woken up to for the past three weeks. It had become painfully familiar, each morning and night. It was the despairing sound of his sister softly weeping in her room as each new day began and ended without Leopold. It had been three long and dismal weeks since Stuart had reluctantly shown up and delivered the crushing news to Kate that she would not be reunited with her husband and in reality had become a widow. It was worse, much worse than telling just any woman she had lost her husband, because it was at Kate's own hands that an impulsive act separated her from Leopold. It had been a gut-wrenching scene at the bridge and even too much for Stuart to bear. He quietly slipped away into the darkness, leaving Charlie alone to contend with his distraught sister. It was a cold, damp night and not in an area of the city that Charlie wished to be found loitering about in the shadows with a hysterical woman dressed in Victorian clothing. Kate repeatedly refused to leave the bridge; desperately believing that Leopold would soon miraculously appear to bring her back. Charlie was finally able to convince her that Leopold would want her to be safe and warm and he knew exactly where to find her. He held Kate tightly as they walked slowly and silently to the apartment building. Joe, the night doorman greeted Kate as if she had never been gone. But as the elevator door slowly closed behind her and Charlie, Joe began rifling through his overstuffed wallet for the tattered card left by Detective Jensen. Upstairs, Charlie unlocked the apartment door, but Kate refused to step inside. She was certain that somehow her connection to Leopold would be severed forever once she crossed the threshold into her old life. As they stood in front of the open door while Charlie pleaded with his sister to walk inside, the elevator door opened. A rookie police officer responding to Joe's call arrived promptly to investigate. \"Are you Katherine McKay?\" he asked, as Kate quickly turned in his direction. She was stunned by the sudden appearance of a police officer and especially one who obviously knew her name. \"What?\" \"Are you Katherine McKay?\" he asked again, this time his voice a bit more stern. \"Yes…..but…\" he cut her off before she could ask why he wanted to know. \"You need to come with me Miss to the station house.\" \"For what? What have I done?\" \"You haven't done anything, except apparently disappear. I need to bring you in for identification.\" \"What are you talking about? Is this a joke?\" \"No joke, Miss. Please follow me.\" He was all business and Kate was not about to challenge him. She and Charlie were shown into the back of a waiting squad car and on their way to a downtown precinct house. Whispering in the back seat, Charlie enlightened Kate about what J.J. had done and about what had transpired since she left. Kate had never considered all the ramifications of her sudden and unexplained disappearance. She was aghast at the magnitude of the river search and news coverage that her departure garnered. \"I'm so sorry Charlie. I've made a mess of everything.\" \"It's OK…it's going to be alright.\" He lied, knowing that she was most likely correct and it was going to be a mess. \"I can't do this…please don't make me do this.\" She begged. Kate had never even had a parking ticket and here she was in the back of a police car and about to see the inside of a police station for the first time in her life. She could not fathom facing J.J. right now, or ever for that matter. But, it was too late and had to be done. The car pulled in front of a station house she had passed so many times and never gave it a thought. She noticed that the inside door of the car had no handle or way to even open the window. It made her feel like a criminal and even more so as the rookie opened the door from the outside and escorted her into the building, holding onto the back of her arm. He checked her in at the front desk, speaking through a small hole in a glass window before being buzzed through another door and down unappealing hallway. They passed all sorts of unsavory looking characters and no one seemed fazed by her unusual clothing. J.J. had just returned home from a late night reorganization meeting. He was greeted by a police officer waiting by his townhouse door and brought in to identify Kate. His anger at Kate had not diminished and was especially heightened since he had just come home from a tense and complex meeting which was necessitated by her actions. He waited with Detective Jensen in a harshly lit room at the end of a long wooden table. Kate felt sickened as the officer opened the door and without warning saw J.J. sitting and staring right into her eyes. She looked down and refused to make any other eye contact with him. He impulsively laughed at first sight of her strange attire. \"Geeze Kate. Where the hell were you? At a Jane Austen convention?\" JJ had been prepared to seek vengeance against his public humiliation. He wanted to disgrace Kate for betraying him in front of his peers, but he could not. She looked so pathetic and pitiful. He found himself unexpectedly struck by a feeling of sadness and sorrow for her. \"Mr. Camden, can you identify this woman?\" Detective Jensen questioned. J.J. looked at Kate, shaking his head. \"Yeah…it's her.\" \"Can you identify her by name? This is being recorded.\" \"Yes..it's Kate…uh..Katherine McKay.\" \"Thank you Mr. Camden. You need to stay and complete some paperwork. Miss McKay, you are free to go. Just one suggestion..the next time you leave town, you really should let someone know where you are..\" Kate nodded and stood up and began to walk toward the door. \"What happened to you Kate?\" J.J. called out; his voice uncharacteristically sincere with concern. He called out again…..\"Kate…..let me help you…\" She turned and looked at him. \"I'm sorry, J.J.\" she said with a barely audible voice before walking out the door. She met Charlie in the hallway and they were treated to another ride home and so ended her brief run in with the law. This time, Charlie did not need to plead for her to go inside the apartment. Kate was so physically and emotionally exhausted, she did not have it in her to fight. She walked straight to her room, shut the door and he had barely seen her since. In three weeks she had not left the apartment or spoken to anyone. Charlie could no longer stay in bed, listening to his sister's anguish. If the crying itself was not bad enough, her coughing put him over the edge. What had started as a mild and infrequent cough, soon after her return, had now become constant and alarming. She had ignored his pleas to see a doctor. Kate had rarely left her room, but he heard the door open. Charlie quickly got out of bed so he could confront her in person, before she had a chance to slip back behind the protection of her locked bedroom door. He had not gotten a really good look at her until now and was taken aback by her gaunt and pale appearance. \"Kate…you look awful. What are you trying to do to yourself?\" He didn't really expect an answer, nor did he even give her a chance to provide one. \"Are you trying to kill yourself or something? Are you thinking that you're going to meet Leopold up in heaven?\" Charlie said as he motioned up toward the ceiling. \"What are you talking about?\" Kate responded, surprised by Charlie's tone and apparent anger. \"You're obviously sick and getting sicker. Wait…listen to this.\" Charlie said he retrieved a piece of paper from the desk. \"Yellow Fever, Cholera, Tuberculosis, Influenza, Measles, Scarlet Fever, Malaria, Diphtheria. How do those sound?\" \"I don't have any of those…it's just a cough.\" \"How do you know? Those were all around you and they're all really bad. You don't know what you might have brought back. So…get dressed…you're going to the hospital.\" Kate conceded without much of an argument. She hadn't really given her cough that much of a thought. But within the last week, she was not feeling well at all. She knew she didn't want to live without Leopold, and although in her despair she sometimes wished she had died…. she certainly did not want to. She only wanted to return to Leopold, alive and healthy. Outside, Gracie hailed a cab and they were on the way to NYU Downtown Hospital. They waited for what seemed an eternity for Kate to be brought into an exam room. Charlie hated hospitals; the smell of them, the memories of his parents dying. They sat quietly each lost in their own thoughts; both wishing Leopold were there and wondering what he might be doing at that very moment. ... After Kate had vanished, Leopold searched frantically in the entire area surrounding the bridge. When it was clear that she was nowhere in the vicinity, he was certain she had returned to their honeymoon suite. He ran the entire distance, fueled by the image of falling into Kate's arms as the door burst open. However, he was met with an empty room and reports from the staff that she had not been seen there since they left together earlier in the day. Overcome with grief, Leopold returned to the bridge. He sat on a bench; clutching Kate's glove in his hand, as he stared out into the darkness. He held onto one last shred of hope that Kate had not left him and if she did, she would quickly return. He waited all-night; alone and distraught. In the weeks since Kate left, Leopold spent a seemingly excessive amount of his time near the bridge. At first, most mistook it for his passion of science and invention. But soon, those who knew him best became concerned with his seemingly odd obsession with the structure. No one knew that he sat and waited for his beloved wife to return to him. This was not the first time that Leopold waited for someone he loved to return and it awakened painful memories he had hidden away. Once again he was the little boy who sat alone on the stairs to the grand family home waiting for his adored mother to return. He had been far too young to understand the finality of death when she had died so suddenly. His father had been much too deep in mourning to pay enough attention to his heartbroken son who sat and waited day after day. A recently hired, kindly gentleman servant took it upon himself to help the young Duke understand that his mother was in heaven looking down upon him. From that moment, the bond between Leopold and the kindly gentleman Otis, was forged. But this time, Otis was unable to help the inconsolable Duke. It was no secret in New York that the Duchess had vanished and it had been front -page news. Leopold carefully folded the paper each day and tucked it away in a drawer. He would fantasize about showing them to Kate when she returned and how they would laugh at all the fuss she had created. News traveled fast and with the advent of the transatlantic telegraph cable, news of both Leopold's nuptials as well as Kate's disappearance had quickly reached England. His Aunt had been initially quite upset over Leopold's unexpected marriage because she was not present. But she was now more upset over Kate's disappearance. Millard's wife was a smart woman and suspected her husband might have played a part in this sad development. That would explain Millard's insistence that local authorities locate Kate. For all of his bravado, Millard was devoted to his wife and vowed to her that he would find Kate. The world was a much smaller place then and no one could understand how someone could just vanish. It seemed to authorities that Kate McKay just didn't exist. Leopold was the only one who knew that they were right. ... Back in the hospital, it took over 45 minutes before Kate was taken into an exam room. It would be another 45 minutes until Charlie was told he could see his sister. \"How is she?\" he asked the nurse who had come to retrieve him. \"The doctor will speak with you.\" was her response; which Charlie took as that bad news awaited him. He followed her through a maze of exam rooms until she pushed a curtain aside, where Kate lay on a gurney, covered in a blue hospital blanket. In her left arm was an IV tube, which slowly dripped some sort of mysterious fluid into her body. Charlie thought she looked so tiny and frail. The doctor introduced herself as she was jotting some notes down on a pad. \"How ya doing?\" he said, walking closer to Kate. She had clearly been crying. \"Your sister has bronchitis. Her symptoms are treatable and it will run it's course within a few more weeks.\" \"But…what's that for?\" Charlie asked, pointing to the IV. \"It's just saline, she's a bit dehydrated.\" \"So, that's it?\" \"There is something else, but your sister asked that she share it with you.\" Charlie's relief that his sister was not seriously ill was fleeting. With that, the doctor and nurse vanished, leaving Charlie and Kate alone. He wanted to prepare for the worst, although he was not sure exactly how someone did that. Kate looked off in the distance, as if in deep thought. \"Kate?\" \"Well, you were right Charlie.\" She responded, looking him squarely in the eyes. \"Right about what?\" \"I did catch something while I was there. But, it wasn't on your list…you left something out.\" \"Oh God…what is it?\" Kate didn't answer right away; her expression strangely caught between tears and laughter, as if she could not decide which emotion was more fitting at the time. \"Kate? What is it?\" \"You're not going to believe this, but….I'm pregnant.\" \"You're…. what ?\" \"Pregnant!\" \"Holy shit. But…how is it possible?\" \"Well Charlie..let me explain it to you.\" \"I just meant…\" \"I know what you meant. Well…apparently it's possible because I'm having Leopold's baby.\" Kate's hand instinctively caressed her belly. \"I'm going back, Charlie. Once Stuart finds out…he'll help me…you'll see. He has to.\" Stuart had advantageously been assigned as a visiting professor out of state for a month long assignment. He felt the timing could not have been better and was safe from being anywhere near Kate. \"Charlie…you think he'll get me back now…right?\" \"Yeah…I bet he will.\" Charlie didn't really believe that, but he couldn't bring himself to tell her that Stuart probably would not send a pregnant woman leaping off a bridge…even if he could. Kate smiled for the first time since she returned. \" I hope it's a boy.\" She said, rubbing her belly. \"Little Leo.\" Charlie smiled at his sister. Just when he thought that life could not get more complicated, it just had.[Chapter 12] Stuartnhad no difficulty disengaging himself from the drama he had leftnbehind in New York City. In fact, he more than quickly submergednhimself in the collegiate world of academia and female co-eds. Itnwould be impossible to dwell too long on Kate's sad state ofnaffairs while the adoring eyes of captivating female scholarsnsurrounded the new professor. Stuartnhad basically ignored the constant text and voice messages from Kate.nHe had noticed that the frequency of her pleas slowly began tondecline. He hoped she was finally coming to terms with never seeingnLeopold again. But, it was not until a message from Charlie hadnarrived that Stuart felt compelled to respond. \" Callnme !\"nThat was the extent of Charlie's message on Stuarts cell phone, butnit was enough to warrant a response. \"What'snup?\" Stuart casually asked as he returned Charlie's call. \"Well…younbetter be ready for this one. Kate's pregnant.\" \"It'snnot mine ..ifnthat's where you're going with this.\" Stuart's voice had andecisive air of defensiveness. \"I know it's not yours…it's Leopold's .\" Stuartnwas silent for a moment. \"Wow…that's some souvenir, huh?\" \" What ?nThat's it? You have a PhD in physics and that's your bestnscientific response? You have to be kidding me!\" \"Whatncan I say….she's lucky she has a piece of Leopold.\" \"Incan never figure you out Stuart. So…that's it? You aren'tngoing to want to send her back now?\" \"No…Intold you…,it's done. It's in the past. It was her decision toncome back and I'm not going to be blamed for her regret.\" \"Fine;nforget it…take care.\" Charlie abruptly ended the call andnwondered how Stuart could react so blasé about the news. Stuartnstood silently, the phone tightly clutched in his hand. \"Holynshit\" he mouthed quietly. He was not about to reveal his truenreaction to Charlie, but he was astounded and staggered by thisnincredible news. He knew it would still not change the fact that henwas no longer involved with his time travel, and even if so…wouldncertainly not send a pregnant woman leaping off of a bridge. Hencouldn't help but wonder if Kate really did belong back there andnwhat sort of dual century half-breed child she might be carrying.nAnd….. what sort of chaos might ensue after its' birth. He hadn'tnplanned on something like this and he did not want to be dragged backninto the soap opera he had single-handedly created. He quietly walkednto class, still trying to absorb the startling news. …………………….............................................................................. Sincenher return, Kate had not really rejoined the living. She kept herselfnisolated from the world; ignoring phone calls and emails. Sometimesnit seemed like a dream to her that she had traveled back in time orneven met Leopold in the first place. She would question her sanitynbut was brought back to reality whenever she stared at Stuart'snpictures of Leopold or held tightly to her dress from the night shenhad returned. As crazy as it seemed, it had really happened and shenwalked away from the love of her life. Katenawoke one morning to find a wrapped box on the dining room table. Thenpaper had pink and blue baby footprints across a white background.nShe carefully ripped the paper and opened the box. Inside the tissuenpaper rested a beautiful hand painted mug which simply read \"Mommy\"nacross the front. Kate felt a wave of sadness wash over her as shenexhaled a ragged breath. She looked up to see her brother standing innthe doorway. \"Younneed to take care of yourself Kate. Little Leo needs you.\" \"Inknow. It's just so hard to start.\" \"OK…thennlet's start today. Get dressed. We're going out for breakfast andnjust walk around and see the world. Alright?\" Katennodded with an expression of resignation. She didn't have thenmental or physical energy to fight with her brother. She walked tonher room to get ready. Kate knew Charlie was right. If she lost hernbaby how would she ever forgive herself? Kate sat down on the bed andnopened a journal she had bought months ago and had remainednuntouched. With pen in hand she wrote her first letter to Leopold. DearnLeopold, Indon't know if you can hear my thoughts. I talk to you every nightnand pray you dream of me and hear what I say to you. Inknow you must hate me…I hate myself. I sit here alone and I crynmyself to sleep each night. I miss you and love you and I can barelyntake the pain of being apart from you. Stuart keeps telling thatnit's over and I can never come back. But, it's not overnLeopold…it will never be over now. I'm pregnant Leopold. I'mngoing to have our baby and then I will come back to you. I know Inwill. I am begging you to please wait for me. Inhave to take care of myself now. I haven't been doing a very goodnjob of it since I got back, but now I must. I'm going to doneverything I should for our baby. Inwonder what you do all day and if your uncle is being kind to you. I'llnwrite again soon. I love you forever….. Kate Katenhad no way to know that Leopold did not hear her thoughts nor did hendream about her. He wished he could but his dreams were as empty asnhis life had become. He was despondent and unwilling to accept thatnKate was gone forever. He held onto the belief that she would returnnto him as soon as the portal was open again. But while she was gone,nhe didn't sleep or eat as much as his body required. He lookednhaggard and depressed. He spent his time locked away in his quartersnor walking near the bridge. The entire household was in mourningnalong with their young master. Millard still received no informationnor tips which would help discover Kate's whereabouts. It was anunsolved mystery. ………………………………............................................................ Katenclosed her journal and got dressed in her sweats and sneakers. Shenbrushed her teeth, combed her hair and joined her brother who waitednwith uncertainty if she would really emerge from her room. \"Looknat you….dressed and actually going to see sunlight.\" Charliensmiled as he grabbed a light jacket and his wallet. \"Let's go\" Theynwalked to Kate's favorite breakfast spot and took a table next tonthe window. Both ordered a Greek omelet and whole wheat toast. \"ThanksnCharlie.\" Kate smiled although her eyes were still filled withnsorrow. \"It'sna first step. Those are always the hardest.\" Katenhad never heard such pearls of wisdom uttered from her brother'snmouth before. \"Did you grow up while I was gone?\" Kate teased himnand actually laughed a bit. Theynfinished their breakfast and walked around the neighborhood. As theynapproached Kate's favorite local bookstore, she hesitated beforenwalking inside. They both lingered in different sections until Katenhad two books in her hands; ready to check out. The woman at thenregister looked at Kate with a kindhearted expression as she rang upntwo very different books; \" Whatnto Expect When You're Expecting\" & \"When Husbands Die\" Katengave barely a smile as she shrugged her shoulders and took hernpackage out the door. She and Charlie walked slowly home. Kate wasnanxious to begin reading her books. \"Whyndid you get that book, Kate. That widow book?\" \"Indon't know. I feel like a widow. I need help to start living untilnI see him again. And what happens if I never do? I'm so scared.\"nSome moments Kate believed with all her heart that she would benreunited with Leopold. But in her darkest moments, she did notnbelieve it at all. \"Inknow…..it stinks. But…just keep hoping…don't give up. OK?\" \"Yeah…ok.\" Katencurled up on the sofa and started reading her baby book first.nCharlie asked her if it was OK if he left to have a cup of coffeenwith Patrice. \"Ofncourse…you go. You love her, Charlie?\" \"Yeah…Inthink I do.\" \"Thenndon't lose her. \" \"I'llntry…thanks Kate.\" He kissed his sister on the top of her head andnleft her alone to her books and thoughts. ………………………………..................................................................... Beingnpregnant gave Kate something else to focus on, which allowed hernbrief moments of happiness but more often longer moments of sorrow.nDays were the easiest, but nights were long and agonizing. She triednto maintain some sort of emotional stability but she would dissolveninto tears the moment she got into bed. She would see Leopold lyingnbeside her as he did not long ago in her room. His presence was therenand she found it emotionally crippling rather than comforting.nSeveral days later Kate had an announcement to make. \"Inhave to get out of here.\" \"Outnof where ?\"nCharlie asked reluctantly. \"Outnof the city. I keep seeing Leopold here and I thought I would wantnthat…but I don't. Not now. I need to be somewhere new.\" \"OK….butnwhere?\" Katenput a folder on the table. \"Oh no…not this again.\" Charlienresponded to the familiar manila folder. It was Kate's weekendndream home file. Each week she would linger over the country homesnreal estate section of the New York Times. She would cut out hernfavorites and store them away. She pulled out one particularnadvertisement and Charlie recognized it immediately. It was Kate'snfavorite and she had actually called the listing agent about it annumber of months ago. \"Inthought that one was sold.\" He said, looking at the quaint Tudornstyle home. \"Itnwas…but it must have fallen through. It's back on the market andnnow it's for sale or rent. And…what do you think about this…it's in Sussex County.\" \"Yeah…and?\" \"Leopoldnis from Sussex, England. Isn't that an unbelievable coincidence?\" \"So..youndon't want to be in New York because of memories but you're oknmoving to a county in New Jersey with the same name as Leopold'snhome?\" \"Yeah…crazy…Inknow. I can't explain it…but I know this is the place.\" \"Younhaven't even seen it yet. Everything looks better in the paper.\" \"Let'sngo…tomorrow. OK?\" \"Tomorrow?nAlright….ok.\" He was not about to extinguish his sister's newnfound exuberance. Katenbusied herself with making calls to the real estate agent and carnrental center. She found the house listing on the internet and wasnable to see more pictures of the house and property. She could notnexplain the strong connection she had for this home…which had begunnbefore she even knew Leopold existed. Financially,n Kate was secure and did not need to work for the time being. She hadnearned a healthy salary and was a savvy investor. Her apartment innthe city was rent controlled so she could easily afford the housenrental. Thennext day Kate and Charlie were on the road by 8:00 AM. They wentnthrough the Lincoln Tunnel and headed to Rt. 80 West. Eventually, thenconcrete & city landscape made way for mountains and springngreenery. \"Wow…it'snreally beautiful out here. Who knew?\" Charlie marveled as theynexited Rt. 80 onto Rt. 15 and headed north. Kate's GPS guided themnthrough winding and hilly country roads and eventually into a tinynhamlet surrounded by grazing cows and horse farms. She easily foundnthe house and Joan the realtor standing at the end of the longndriveway. Kate parked the car and they looked down the driveway atnthe most perfect country cottage. The neighbors to the left had ansmall pasture with two horses and one cow who happily grazed on thisnlovely early spring morning. \"Hello!nHow was your trip?\" Joan greeted them each with a firm handshake. \"Itnwas beautiful…and this house is just what I imagined. Inwant it .\"nKate responded enthusiastically. \"Well,nlet's go inside and check out the property first.\" Joannsuggested as she led them down the long cobblestone driveway. Thenhouse was nestled on a picturesque plot of land with one neighbor innthe vicinity. It was tranquil and right out of a fairy tale. Lessnthan one hour to the city and 5 minutes from the quaint town center;nit was beyond perfect. Inside,nthe fully furnished home was tastefully decorated in modern country.nEverything had been updated and it was move in ready. \"I want it.\"nKate said again. \"Fornrent or purchase?\" Joan inquired. \"Rent.nI am going to be moving out of the area in about a year.\" AlthoughnKate hoped it would be less than a year. Theynheaded to Joan's office to handle the paperwork and run the creditncheck. Kate and Charlie went into the town and had lunch at a countryncafé and within 2 hours Kate was presented with the key to her newnweekend home. Kate and Charlie returned to the home once more andnKate was even more certain that she had done the right thing. Theynleft to return to the city and at the end of the driveway an olderncouple stood waiting for the car to pass. They waved as Kate stoppednthe car and got out. \"Hello!\"n the couple greeted Kate and Charlie with a decidedly British accent.n\"We're Cecelia and Walter. Will you be moving here? We noticednyou came back.\" \"Uh…yeah.nI rented the house.\" Kate wasn't initially happy about beingnwatched. \"Lovely….we'venbeen waiting for you.\" \"For me ?\"nKate questioned. \"Well….fornsomeone. The house has been empty far too long.\" Katenlooked at them with a strange expression. Something about them wasneerily familiar. Something in their voice and mannerisms. Somethingnin their eyes and the way they looked at her. She couldn't put hernfinger on it. \"DonI ……know you?\" Kate's expression was somewhat bewildered.nCharlie looked at his sister wondering why she would think she knewnthese people. \"Well,nI don't believe so. Perhaps in a past life?\" Cecelia said with anslight smile. \" What ?\"nKate looked perplexed as to the woman's response. \"Inwas just joking, my dear.\" \"Arenyou sure we don't know each other?\" \"Insuppose it's possible. But, we will know each other now.\" \"That'snnice. Oh..I'm Kate and this is my brother, Charlie.\" Katensmiled; feeling some strange connection to the couple. \"And,nforgive me if I am invading your privacy, but are you married?\"nCecilia inquired. Katenhesitated. \"I'm …uh…yeah…I'm married. But, my husbandnis…away. Far away for awhile. He's English too. I'm going joinnhim…soon I hope.\" …….\"His name is Leopold.\" Katenadded…wondering what sort of response she would get. \"Well,nthat is certainly an old fashioned British name. Have not heard thatnname for quite some time. But, it is certainly a handsome name.\"nWalter responded with a twinkle in his eye that Kate had seen before. \"Well,nwe better be going. I'll be back in a few days and start movingnsome things in.\" Kate started walking toward her car. Thencouple bid them a farewell and they were on their way back to NewnYork. \"Whatnwas that all about?\" Charlie questioned Kate. \"Something aboutnthat was weird. Why would you think you knew them?\" \"Charlie,ndo you believe in reincarnation?\" \"Donyou?\" \"Well,nno. But….something about them reminds me of Constance and Otis.nActually, everything about them. They look different but they haventhe same eyes, same expressions. It's so spooky. I think they knewnme….something in their eyes. I know it sounds crazy. Charlienlaughed. \" No crazier then jumping off of a bridge to the past.\" \"Yeah,nI guess. Maybe I am just so desperate for them all that my mind isnplaying tricks on me.\" \"nI think so. But either way,nthey seem like a nice neighbor to have.\" Theyndrove home with little conversation. Kate could not get that couplenout of her mind. She knew that mind was just playing tricks on her.nBut all the same, she could not wait to return and get to know hernnew neighbors better. She was under the misguided notion that fleeingnto the country would take away her pain. Charlie knew that she wouldnonly be transporting it along with the rest of her emotional baggage.[Chapter 13] Kate and Charlie left the countryside and made their way back to New York. Kate's enthusiasm over her new cottage began to fade the closer they got to the concrete of the city. Despite her impulsive decision to flee her home, Kate now found herself more content to remain in her apartment where she could feel Leopold's presence. She became averse to spending time in a unfamiliar place where he had never been. In her apartment, she could see him; feel him. His presence was there. \"Enough!\" Charlie yelled through Kate's door one morning in response to the sound of her despairing sobs. There had been a brief reprieve from her frequent emotional breakdowns; but within days of returning from their first trip to New Jersey, she had relapsed. \"You have to stop this Kate. It's not good for you or the baby. You need to talk to someone. You need help.\" Charlie pleaded with his sister. \"I don't want help!\" she yelled back in response. \"I WANT to feel this way.\" \"What? Why would you want this?\" \"Because I deserve to feel this way. It's my punishment.\" \" Punishment … for what?\" \"For what I did. For leaving him.\" Charlie wanted to respond ; \"Yes... YOU did leave HIM . I'm thinking about poor Leopold and how HE'S coping with this.\" But…he knew that it would only make things worse. So, he shifted his thoughts back to Kate. Although she was taking care of herself physically for the baby's sake, emotionally, her feelings of loss and guilt were causing her to waste away. He knew she needed someone to confide in and share her pain. She continued to ignore messages from her many concerned friends. However, there was one person whom Charlie thought might help to bring Kate out of her paralyzing depression. It was probably the only person she could tell the truth to and who would unconditionally believe every word of it. It was her loyal and devoted assistant, Darcy. She called almost daily; leaving concerned messages. Charlie called her and within an hour, Darcy was in the lobby and on the elevator. He met her in the hallway, where Kate could not hear them. \"Charlie!\" Darcy cried out, hugging him tightly. \"Where is she? Is she here?\" \"Yeah…she is.\" Charlie nodded as he rolled his eyes. \"What's happened? She never returned any of my calls. I try..everyday.\" \"Don't feel bad…she never calls anyone back. But, she really needs a friend.\" \"Where has she been?\" \"I can't say….she has to tell you herself. Just go in there and knock on her door.\" Surprisingly, Kate opened her door after Darcy had knocked and announced who it was. Darcy was a bit shocked and dismayed upon seeing Kate's haggard appearance. They embraced and Kate cried, although Darcy still had no idea as to the reason for Kate's mysterious disappearance; until she began to look around Kate's room. The walls were covered with photographs that Darcy had never seen before. They looked as if they were stills from a period film, until Darcy got close enough to see the details. They were Stuart's photographs from Millard's party. Something about the display seemed peculiar as Darcy looked at Kate with a quizzical expression. \"Where are these from?\" Kate could no longer keep her secret. She needed to and wanted to confide in someone and Darcy was the perfect candidate. It was, as Charlie had hoped, a match made in supernatural heaven. As Kate began to reveal her saga; Darcy hung on every word. She was utterly spellbound as Kate recounted her astounding story in vivid detail. And better yet, Darcy positively and absolutely believed every word without even the slightest hint of doubt. \"What are you going to do?\" Darcy questioned; her eyes damp with tears. She couldn't understand how Stuart could so coldly keep Kate and Leopold apart. \"I'm going back. I know I am.\" Kate replied with a resounding tone of certainty. Over an hour had passed when Charlie interrupted them and walked into Kate's room. \"Did Kate tell you about the house?\" He inquired, looking over at Darcy. \"Yeah…sounds amazing.\" \"So…why don't the two of you take a trip out there? Will do Kate good to get away.\" Charlie said with a hint of desperation in his voice. \"Sounds great to me.\" Darcy responded, looking at Kate. \"When?\" Kate hesitated for just a moment, but realized having Darcy for an entire weekend would mean she could talk endlessly about Leopold for that length of time. She was not about to pass that up. \"How's this weekend?\" \"Perfect. I'll start packing!\" Darcy was thrilled that her relationship with Kate was apparently transitioning from boss to friend; something she had always wished for. Charlie was equally thrilled that he could have the weekend and apartment to himself. There was a method to his madness and he left the girls alone so he could call Patrice with a weekend invitation. (Which she enthusiastically and wholeheartedly accepted.) On Friday morning, Kate and Darcy left New York in a rental car for what they hoped would be a peaceful few days in the country. The weekend with Darcy turned out to be therapeutic and ultimately cathartic. Kate began slowly spending more time in the country; sometimes with Darcy, other times with Charlie and eventually on her own. The weeks passed quickly and despite Charlie's initial objections, Kate had all but moved to her country home Charlie did not think she should be alone in case of an emergency during her pregnancy. Kate assured him that between her neighbors and 911, she was well covered. Kate flourished in the country. She changed doctors and would be delivering in the medical center only 20 minutes away. She planted flowers and a small vegetable garden and became a regular at the local café and book store. And, she had found HER Constance and Otis. Although Kate initially longed to believe that Cecilia and Walter were someone else…..they were just a lovely childless, older couple with the same grace and warmth as Leopold's surrogate parents. They helped fill the void in Kate's life, as she did theirs. They respected her privacy and never questioned anything too personal. As Kate began taking small and tentative baby steps toward rebuilding some semblance of a normal life; very little had changed with Leopold's. She was fortunate to have her brother and Darcy to confide in; along with a pregnancy and new home to keep her mind occupied. Leopold, however, had not one person with whom to share his true pain and grief. Otis and Constance tried their best to comfort him, but they knew only a fraction of the true story. Leopold was all but alone in his heartache. He had lost interest in anything which had previously brought him pleasure, including his invention. In an unconscious act of self-preservation, Leopold's anguish slowly turned to anger. While he had never before doubted Kate's devotion and love, he now found himself questioning whether she had truly loved him at all. If she had, how could she abandon him so quickly? How could she mistrust his vow of a better life in England and why would she leave before he even had a chance to fulfill his promise? He hated himself for possessing such emotions, but at times Leopold welcomed his anger; it freed him from his sorrow. But, in the quiet of the night, when he felt most alone, his longing for Kate once again consumed him and he was forced to begin all over again. For the first time since she left, he began to contemplate returning to England. It was now October and the crisp feel of autumn was in the air. The leaves had changed and the view from Kate's house was spectacular. It was the sort of scenery that city people took rides to witness, but it was now Kate's backyard. She left the house and drove next door in her newly purchased car to pick up Cecilia, who was accompanying Kate to her first ultrasound appointment. Kate's emotions were conflicted between excited anticipation and sorrow that Leopold would not be with her. An hour later, Kate was having cold gel spread over her bare abdomen. She would be having a standard 2-D ultrasound first and then a 3-D. Dr. Lewis began the procedure as Kate watched the screen. Kate was mesmerized as healthy, normal body parts were pointed out. Ten fingers and ten toes, a healthy heart. Her tears were not quite the same as the usual tears of the average expectant mother. Her's had an added level of emotion. \"Do you want to know the sex?\" Dr. Lewis inquired. Kate responded that she did indeed want to know. The doctor took a few moments to zero in on her target. \"Your baby is being very cooperative and there's no question as to the sex. It's a…boy.\" \"Oh….a son. Little Leo.\" Kate said softly, her voice cracking, her eyes overflowing with tears. She hoped he would look exactly like Leopold and envisioned the day he would have met his son for the first time. A day that would never come. Several weeks later, Stuart had come home for a long weekend to pick up some warmer clothing and handle some paperwork. He knew Kate was in New Jersey and there would be no chance of running into her. He stopped by her apartment to say hello to Charlie before returning to school. Stuart went into the kitchen to grab a few beers and was instantly struck by the strange photograph hanging on the refrigerator. He looked at it closely, examining it from every angle. Charlie walked into the room to see what was taking Stuart so long and found him inspecting Kate's ultrasound image. Stuart had never paid much attention to the ultrasound pictures passed around by his expecting co-workers. He could never make much of them and felt foolish ooohing and aaahing over something that resembled an alien blob. But this was a 3-D image and as clear as a bell. \"Little Leo\" Charlie said, sounding very much like the proud uncle. \"Amazing…huh?\" Stuart could not seem to stop gazing at it. He was clearly astonished and at a loss for words. Charlie removed the photo and handed it to Stuart, \"Here, take it.\" \"No, I couldn't.\" Stuart responded as he pushed the picture back torward Charlie. \"She has a stack of them. Anyway…he wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you.\" Charlie grabbed two beers from the refrigerator and walked back to the sofa. Stuart followed, clutching the snapshot of Little Leo. He spent more time focusing on the baby's face than he did on the game. \"Alright, you haven't said a word….what are you thinking?\" Charlie asked with growing curiosity. \"Nothing…not a thing.\" Stuart answered matter-of-factly, as took took his first swig of beer. But, that was a lie. Stuart was thinking many things and some he had hoped to never have to think about again. He thought he had put this all to rest and now, the face of an unborn child had stirred emotions and feelings he was unaccustomed to. He put the picture down and tried to focus on the game. He then abruptedly got up and started walking toward the door. He stopped for a moment and walked back to the coffee table, grabbed the picture and announced to Charlie that he had \"stuff to do.\" Charlie was left alone to wonder what that \" stuff\" was. He had a bad feeling and could not help but wonder if Stuart had now had some crazy idea of Kate back to Leopold. Charlie envisioned his pregnant sister leaping off of the bridge. Or worst yet, her jumping off of the bridge clutching an infant. Charlie wanted this whole time travel thing over with. He wanted his sister here. He knew that people endure much worst than this and survive and she would too. Charlie reminded himself that he really had no idea what Stuart was up to and hopefully it had nothing to do with Kate. Or, at least he hoped not. But, just in case he dialed Stuart's cell phone. As expected, there was no answer. Charlie left a brief but explicit message. \" Don't send her back… please .\" Stuart was sitting in the first bar he passed and had ordered a scotch, straight up. He would need something much stronger than a beer to help contemplate the decision he faced. He listened to Charlie's message as he swirled the golden brown liquid around. He pulled the picture of Little Leo out of his jacket pocket; studying it before downing what was left in his glass. \" Damn her .\" Stuart murmured under his breath as he motioned for another drink. He realized he was contemplating selling his soul ,with Kate reaping all the benefits and shocked that he was ok with it. He pulled his cell phone out of his jacked pocked and hit number 1 on his speed dial. \"Well..well…if it's not the disappearing physicist. Come to your senses Besser?\" questioned the voice on the other end of the phone. \"Ready to hand over the goods?\" \"No…not handing anything over. Oh yeah...and I don't appreciate you sending your thugs after me.\" \"I hardly consider a few grad assistants thugs. I just need to keep an eye on you every now and then to make sure you don't take off again. So….to what do I owe the pleasure of your call?\" \"I'm ready to play let's make a deal.\" \"A deal, huh? I'm intrigued and ready to play. Where are you?\" \"Here\" \"Well…you know where to find me.\" \"Alright.\" Stuart said as he disconnected the call. He finished his drink and stepped outside to hail a cab uptown. He was soon on his way to his office at Columbia University. Dr. John Curry, the department head waited with excitement that he was about to get his hands on the missing part of Stuart's research. He couldn't help but wonder what Stuart wanted in return[Chapter 14] Stuart leaned back in his swivel desk chair and exhaled with a definitive sound of satisfied accomplishment. His printer, busily churning out his precise and thorough list of conditions to be met before he would turn over his life's work. Stuart preferred to think of them as his demands because he would not waiver on any single item. He carefully checked his work one last time before heading back to Columbia University. His plan had been meticulously orchestrated and there was no margin for error. Dr. Curry had already called it a day and was closing his briefcase when Stuart arrived. \"Besser…I wasn't expecting you back so soon. Well...what do you have for me?\" Stuart removed a stack of papers from an oversized manila envelope and dropped them on the desk. Dr. Curry promptly scooped them up and quickly studied Stuart's detailed list. His eyebrows raised slightly as he vocalized his reaction with a few \" hmmmm's\" and \"Uh huh's\" and then finally, \"You serious, Besser?\" \"Quite serious. Have a problem with it?\" \"No, I didn't say that but I'm going to need some time. Have to make a few calls…but I do believe I can make this happen.\" \"Good. I'll be waiting…but don't take too long.\" Stuart walked out as Dr. Curry sat down to fully examine the list. He could not believe that he would finally get his hands on what could be the most extraordinary scientific finding in the history of man. He would do whatever Besser wanted, no matter how crazy, because he was not about to let this once in a lifetime opportunity slip through his fingers. For the next month, life had carried on quietly for all. Kate remained in the country; visiting the city on occasional weekends. Her health was excellent and her pregnancy uncomplicated. Kate had some unexpected good fortune when she was offered and accepted, a prestigious job as the editor-in-chief of an online marketing trade journal. It was perfect for her since she could work out of the house and would rarely need to attend a meeting in person. Kate wanted to always be there for her son and was beginning to accept the reality that she could always would be a single parent. Although Leopold would never be there to help raise their child, Kate fully intended to make certain that little Leo always knew who his father was. At least she had pictures and stories to prove that his father had really existed. She had no idea what she would actually tell Leo about his father, but she gratefully had ample time until that day came. Emotionally, nights were still the toughest for her, especially with the addition of Little Leo's acrobatics. Kate's nights had already been consumed with thoughts and longing for Leopold and now their son shared the painful nights along with his mother. Although she continued to move through the expected and normal stages of grief, Kate doubted that she would ever reach a level of true acceptance for what she had lost. Life in America did not prove to be as bountiful for Leopold as Millard had hoped. Even he found it difficult to witness his nephew struggling with the unexplained disappearance of Kate. Millard encouraged Leopold to return to England, but Leopold would hear of no such thing. Leopold would argue that Kate would never be able find him if she returned. Millard and his wife had returned to England for several months and set sail without their nephew. But now, Leopold could bear no more and finally made the decision to spend the rest of his life far from New York and the memories of his wife. After several months of holding onto hope that she would return to him, Leopold finally decided to move back to England later that month. In preparation for his journey home, Leopold had sold his invention to a small but promising engineering firm in New York. He had lost interest and his ability to concentrate on schematic drawings and engineering plans. Part of the sale contract allowed for Leopold to name the division which would eventually market the future elevator. Leopold chose the name \"Otis\" to honor the man whom Leopold felt loved him above all others. Stuart had been back to school for only one week when Dr. Curry called with his news; all of Stuart's conditions were accepted and he was free to sign an agreement and pick his research up. Stuart was ecstatic, but not without mixed emotions as well. He took a leave of absence from his teaching position and quickly returned to New York. Taking possession of his life's work was like welcoming back an old friend. He immediately began spending countless, sleepless nights delving into complicated mathematical calculations. It took him two weeks to be certain that the equations were accurate and his data correct with 100% certainty. The date was set for the 3rd Friday in November. Less than one week before Thanksgiving, which Stuart thought was quite fitting. The day had finally arrived and Stewart was up early, but not too early. He wanted to wait until the morning rush hour began to wind down and the number of pedestrian commuters on the bridge was at a minimum. Stuart wore the same disheveled ensemble that he sported the first time he had jumped though the portal. He somehow had the misconceived notion that he looked like he belonged, when in actuality he stood out like a sore thumb. At 8:30 A.M. he left his apartment and headed toward the Brooklyn Bridge. Stuart had vacillated on whether or not to even let Charlie know of his plans. He had kept it a secret up until now because he could never quite trust Charlie to not go running off to his sister with the news. What would happen if he then returned without Leopold? Even he would not take the chance of further breaking Kate's heart. He decided that keeping the secret until he returned was for the best. It was a predictably chilly day for November; the sky clear and strikingly blue. Stuart walked briskly; very much like a man on a mission. Although he did not consider himself religious in any way, he prayed to whichever God would listen to him for a safe and successful trip to retrieve Leopold. He was soon painstakingly moving across the steel girder and leaping toward the frigid waters of the East River. Stuart could never begin to describe the actual experience of passing through time, but in an instant he was standing on a cobblestone street in 1876 as if he had been there all along. It was as he remembered; bustling and lively, but yet, elegantly refined. No one seemed to pay much attention to the oddly dressed man who quickly navigated his way to Millard's stately home. Stuart knocked anxiously on the thick wooden door. It was promptly opened by a younger footman who momentarily lost his composure upon the sight of a clearly out of place man. \"May I …..help you, Sir?\" the footman asked, eyeing Stuart suspiciously. \"Yeah…I need to see Leopold.\" \"And whom may I say is calling, Sir?\" The footman hesitantly inquired. \"Stuart.\" \"And your full name, Sir?\" \"Just Stuart….he'll know who it is.\" The footman was clearly displeased with not being able to obtain a simple piece of information like a last name. \"Very well Sir. Please wait here.\" \"Hurry! I need Leopold…right now!\" Stuart yelled as he was about to boldly walk into the house. And with that, the door quickly closed, leaving Stewart standing purposely outside. The young footman might be new to domestic service but he knew enough to not allow a seemingly crazy man into his master's home. He left to locate Otis, who would know exactly what to do. Stuart began pacing back and forth, He wasn't sure that Leopold was even there. This was a one time opportunity…there were no second chances. If he returned without Leopold, he would still have to give his work up. This did not sit well with Stuart. Several moments later, the door opened and a pleasant looking older gentleman stepped outside. \"Excuse me Sir, may I be of assistance?\" \"Yes! I need to see Leopold…right now.\" Stuart responded as he climbed a few steps closer to Otis. \"Is he here?\" \"Yes…he is. And your name, Sir?\" \"Stuart.\" \"Your full name?\" \"Jeeze! Besser…Stuart Besser.\" \"And you are acquainted…..how?\" Stuart was losing his patience with what he perceived as some sort of interrogation. \"A friend!\" He shouted a bit louder than Otis was usually accustomed to hearing. \"Very well, Sir. Please wait here.\" Otis didn't think Stuart seemed dangerous; just odd. But nevertheless, it seemed best to have him wait safely outside. \"Yeah…yeah.\" Stuart muttered under his breath. He knew he was less then welcomed, but as long as he got to see Leopold, who cared what the help thought about him. Otis promptly closed the door behind him and walked upstairs to Leopold's quarters. It was 9:00 A.M and in the past, Leopold would have already been up since 6:00 AM; washed, dressed, fed and busy with his invention. Nowadays, he often slept late, citing that he had nothing to wake up for. There was not much to be done for depression at that time or melancholia as it was known. But, everyone in the house knew that the young Duke was suffering. Otis quietly entered the darkened room, announcing that it was quite late and time for Leopold to begin his day. He pulled open the heavy draperies, allowing the bright morning light to fill the room. Leopold groaned, pulling the blanket over his head. \"Your Grace, there is a gentleman outside requesting to speak with you.\" \"I am not in the mood to see anyone this morning.\" \"Very well, I shall send him away.\" \"Wait, who is it, Otis?\" Curiosity had gotten the best of Leopold. He could not imagine who would be paying a visit. \"He said his name is... Stuart Besser. I doubt you are even acquainted with him.\" Leopold could not imagine that he had heard Otis correctly. \" What did you say his name was?\" \"Stuart Besser.\" Otis responded, enunciated each syllable distinctly. Leopold pulled the blanket down and quickly sat up. \"You must be mistaken.\" \"No, I am quite certain, your Grace. Are you even acquainted with this gentleman? He seems quite adamant and, well...peculiar.\" Leopold immediately felt the adrenalin pulsing through his veins and his heart beating wildly. With that description, Leopold knew that is was Stuart. He gave no thought as to how to explain their connection and impulsively cried out, \"He has brought Kate back to me. She is here…I am sure of it.\" Leopold was out of bed in an instant and frantically pulling clothing out of the armoire. \"He appears to be alone, your Grace.\" \" No, you are wrong…Kate is here. I am certain of it. She is just hesitant to come directly to the house.\" Leopold quickly removed his sleep garments and pulled on the first pair of pants he could lay his hands upon. Otis held out a shirt and attempted to assist Leopold with the multitude of buttons. Leopold declined his help and rushed out of the room with his shirt partially buttoned and barefoot. He stood at the top of the stairs for a moment, to gather himself; taking several deep calming breaths before descending the expansive staircase. His anticipation and speed grew the closer he got to the bottom. Leopold opened the front door and saw Stuart standing on the sidewalk. He practically leaped down the stairs; surprising Stuart with a sturdy embrace. \"Good Lord, Stuart!\" Leopold cried out as he anxiously scanned the area certain that Kate would appear at any moment.\" Where is she? Where is my wife?\" \"She's not here …I came alone.\" Stuart watched Leopold's expression of nervous anticipation surrender to complete despair. \"Then why have you come alone? Is she...\" Leopold hesitated, afraid to ask the next question. \"Have you come bearing bad news?\" Leopold looked away, afraid to make eye contact with Stuart. \"No...that's not it. She's fine.\" \"So she no longer cares for me?\" Leopold's voice was laced with pain. \"No! That's not it either. She doesn't even know I'm here. Look, we need to talk …in private\" Stuart said as he looked up at Otis who watched with curiosity from the open door. \"Very well.\" Leopold obliged; there was nothing else that Stuart could say that could make matters worse. He had nothing else he could possibly lose. Leopold led Stuart through the house to a small sitting room. He closed and locked the door before taking a seat on a brown leather arm chair. \"Very well….tak.\" \"I came to bring you back.\" Stuart said somewhat matter-of-factly. \"Back?\" Leopold looked at Stuart with a baffled expression. \"But, I had wanted to stay and you said…\" \"Yeah…I know what I said….but I was wrong. She didn't belong here, you belong there .\" Leopold stood and faced Stuart. \"And you came to this realization…how?\" \"Well….she loves you…she's devastated.\" \"And may I remind you that she left me .\" \"She made a mistake. She begged me to help her get back, but I couldn't. I wanted to.\" 'But, yet here you are. Explain why you are here alone.\" \"This is why.\" Stuart reached into his jacket pocket and handed a photograph to Leopold. \"What is this?\" Leopold asked as he studied the strange and somewhat unidentifiable image. \"Your son. You're going to be a father, Leopold.\" \"My….son?\" Leopold inhaled a deep breath and looked again at the picture. Shaking his head in disbelief, he looked back at Stuart. \"This is a photograph of an unborn child? Impossible!\" \"Pretty amazing…huh? So, now you know why she isn't here with me and why you belong there. Your child, although unborn, is alive in the 21st century and the world has not collapsed. Elevators are still working. I was wrong about it all.\" \"So... she really has no knowledge that you are here?\" \"No…no one knows. How about if I couldn't find you and came back alone? So? You are coming back with me, right?\" \"This is so sudden and unexpected. My head and thoughts are spinning out of control. But, yes! Of course I will!\" Leopold exclaimed. \"We shall then return one day with our child, as a family.\" This was the first time Leopold smiled. It was more than a smile, he was jubilant, holding his hand over his heart as if it might burst with happiness. \"I have to tell you one thing.\" Stuart said, his expression changed to serious. \"You can't ever come back.\" \"Ever?\" \"No…never.\" Leopold hadn't thought beyond the idea that he could be reunited with Kate. The notion of never being able to return and that he would never see Otis or his family again now seemed unthinkable. That they will never see him happy and with a family. He would have to say goodbye forever to Otis, today and he would never be able to say goodbye to his family or Constance. And, what could be possibly say to Otis? He couldn't actually say that he leaving forever. \"I need some time to think.\" Leopold said; his new found happiness tempered by feelings of sorrow. But, never seeing Kate again was even more inconceivable. \"I know you'll make the right decision. Here….take this.\" Stuart said as he handed an empty, oversized backpack to Leopold. \"Pack whatever you're bringing in here. You surely don't need to bring extra clothes. But…think about what you have.…..coins, jewelry, books. It could be worth a lot of money.\" Leopold nodded in acknowledgement of what Stuart was suggesting. They walked to the front door and shook hands. Stuart voiced a few last words of encouragement and promised that he would be back in a few hours. Leopold returned to his quarters so he could sit for a short time and try to absorb everything that had just taken place. But, within a few minutes, Otis knocked at the door. \"Come in Otis, I need to speak with you at once.\" \"Certainly, your Grace.\" Otis responded as he entered the room and looked quizzically at the strange item Leopold carried. \"Please enlighten me as to whom this gentleman is.\" \"Stuart is….a friend.\" Leopold hesitated for a moment. \"You will not believe why he has come. He has located Kate and wishes to bring me to her.\" \"This is wonderful news, your Grace.\" Otis looked at Leopold with a curious expression. \"You do not appear happy. Why would you seem troubled by this news?\" Leopold could not tell Otis why he was troubled. He could not tell him that everything he would say to him from this moment on would be a lie; that he would never see him again or the child Otis would know nothing about or that he would be living in another time Otis could never imagine. \"Stuart informs me that Kate is... quite a distance and if I were to go I will be gone for some time. Actually….. quite some time..\" Leopold hated lying to Otis, but he didn't know what else to say. How could he tell Otis that \" some time\" actually meant forever. Otis did not seem troubled by the idea of an extended trip; that was more of the norm in those days. \"But you will eventually return with her. Your Uncle seems to be a changed man and will welcome you both home.\" \"Yes...we would return some day.\" Another lie. \"Otis…..how do I know that this is the right path for me? So much has happened between Katherine and myself.\" \"What does your heart tell you, Leopold?\" \"It is telling me to go to her; that I cannot live without her.\" \"Well then…there is your answer, Leopold. There is no instinct like that of the heart…. .it will never deceive you.\" Leopold carefully and completely memorized this moment; the sound of Otis' kindly voice, the joyful glint in his eyes, the face of this gentle soul. All that Otis was, Leopold would carry in this memory for eternity. Leopold could no longer contain all of his news. \"Otis, there is more to tell.\" Leopold took a breath as he looked down and breaking his eye contact with Otis. He didn't speak and was clearly overcome with emotion. \"Your Grace?\" Leopold looked up with a smile which did not quite match the pain in his eyes. He knew Otis would never know his child and now he regretted what he was about to reveal. \"Kate is with child.\" \"This is wonderful news, your Grace. But, you must be aware that this changes everything. Now you must alter your plans and return home immediately with the Duchess.\" \"Immediately?\" Leopold questioned. \" Certainly . She will require specialized care. And how would you live? I mean no disrespect but, you will now have a family to feed and a roof to keep over their heads. In as much as you and your Uncle do not see eye to eye...he is your sole means of support, Leopold. \"Then I am a man whom cannot provide for his own family. What sort of man is that, Otis? That is a disgrace...is it not?\" Leopold said, looking away in shame. \"You cannot help the life you were born into, Leopold.\" \"Yes...you are correct. I cannot change my past, but now I see that the future of my family is within my grasp to change. I have much to think about and a decision to consider. I cannot make a mistake because it will be irreversible.\" \"I do not understand your meaning\" Otis replied with a puzzled expression. \"May I have some privacy now.\" Leopold asked. \"Certainly, your Grace. Just ring when you need me.\" Otis left the room, closing the door behind him. Leopold picked up the backpack and sat on the edge of his bed. He looked around the room at the trappings of his Victorian life as he held onto an object from what could be, his life in the future. He thought his decision had been made, thought that his love for Kate was all that was needed. But now, he had been hit hard with a painful dose of reality. He would need much more than just love to be a proper husband and father. Leopold had always lived as a man of honor. In his shattered heart, he knew that becoming a lifelong burden to Kate would be the dishonorable thing to do. He would be nothing more than another mouth to feed. He sat on the bed, dropping the empty backpack on the floor. He wept as he questioned what he had done to deserve this sorrow. Happiness had finally been within his grasp and it was cruelly snatched out of his hands. ","Summary":" Thank you for reading my story. My fanfic follows the Theatrical release of the film, where Stuart "},{"Movie":"Kate and Leopold","Title":"Love...the true test of time-a 1876 soap opera","Author":"Lady Jane T","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/587660","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All characters in this fan fiction are the property of Miramax….this is allnin good fun and I hope you enjoy. This is dedicated to all those women outnthere hoping that their Leopold will come riding in on a white horse, swoopnthem off their feet and live happily ever after. Keep believing! Kate smiled in her sleep. What an incredible dream she was having.nLeopold gazing at her across the room, then swooping her into his arms asnthey waltzed around the ballroom. This man was perfect. If only he reallynexisted. She didn't want to wake up, this dream had been so detailed,nalmost as if it really happened. So you can imagine what it was like fornher when she opened her eyes and found herself in a room straight out of annEnglish period drama. She took in her surroundings. The magnificent 4 poster bed, she wasnlying in with satin sheets and beautiful carved posts, the splendid walnutnwardrobe in the corner with intricate detail on the brass handles and thenportraits placed strategically on the wall of ladies in beautiful gowns,nchildren with dogs, men on gallant steeds. This was definitely not her NewnYork apartment. There was a light tap on the door, that startled Kate. She hesitatednthen said, \"Come in.\" A jolly plump woman in her 50's entered, \"Good morning, Miss. I'mnsorry to disturb you, but his grace was concerned you might sleep all daynif I didn't come in and draw the curtains. Let a bit of sunshine in, it isntruly a marvelous day and so exciting about the upcoming wedding. Thenwhole house is a buzz.\" She realized she had said to much and quickly wentnto the windows and drew back the curtains. Kate being self sufficient wasn't accustomed to anyone waiting onnher, \"Really, you don't have to do that, I am perfectly capable…\", shenpaused realizing she didn't know the woman's name. \"Sophie, miss. The name is Sophie. And his grace made it perfectlynclear you were to be taken care of. And I will take care of you. Anythingnyou need. That's what I am here for,\" she picked up the gown and began tonhang it up in the wardrobe. \"When you speak of your grace, you are speaking of whom?\" Katencouldn't believe any of this was happening. Was it some kind of joke? Sophie chuckled, \"His grace said you had a very good sense of humor,nMiss. His grace is of course your future husband the Duke of Albany. Henis marvelous, if only I was so fortunate to work for him.\" \"You mean Leopold?\" \"That is his Christian name of course, Miss. But I am not allowed toncall him that. I suppose it's very confusing being American, and not usento the British monarchy and their titles.\" \"What is the date, Sophie?\" \"Why it's April 29, Miss.\" \"The year?\" \"1876, of course, Miss.\" \"And where could I find his grace at this moment in time?\" \"In the dining room with his lord and ladyship, miss, havingnbreakfast.\" As she watched Sophie put the dress into the wardrobe, she realizednshe had no other clothes. She looked down at the plain white rufflednnightgown she was wearing, still very disoriented about the events of thenlast few days. Did she really jump off the Brooklyn Bridge? Maybe she wasndead and this is what heaven was like…being waited on hand and foot. Shensnapped out of it thinking of the moment, what would she wear to breakfast? Sophie seemed to be reading her thoughts and brought out a dress fromnthe wardrobe. \"Her ladyship has arranged for somethings to be sent over,nbut until then she's loaned you some of her everyday dresses and hopes theynwill be suitable. You are about the same size, which is convenient.\" The flowery print dress, to Kate, looked like something a maiden auntnwould wear, but what choice did she have. \"I am sure it will be fine.nI'll get dressed and join them for breakfast.\" She was surprised when Sophie actually tried to help her with hernnightgown. Kate abruptly stopped her. \"No offense, Sophie, I know you arenonly doing your job, but I prefer privacy while I change. I will find mynway down to the dining room, you can inform his grace that I will be therenshortly.\" Sophie seemed a little upset as she closed the door behind her andnleft the room. Meanwhile the dining room was much more animated than usual. Thenquiet English breakfast they were use to had been replaced with a heatednargument by the Duke and his Uncle. The servants were being extra carefulnto stay out of the way, and even Lady Margaret was staying as far away fromnthe two gentlemen (if you could call them that at this time) as possible. \"You can not seriously be thinking about marrying this woman,nLeopold. We know nothing about her family, the McKay's of Massapequa. Younare being irresponsible as usual.\" \"I believe I am being very responsible. You told me I had to choosena wife last night. I did just that. I am marrying Kate. I am in lovenwith Kate.\" \"This has nothing to do with love, Leopold.\" \"It has everything to do with love, Uncle Milliard.\" \"You are a fool, Leopold. The family will lose everything.\" \"Have some faith in me, uncle. Get to know her. You will find hernenchanting like I have. She is so full of life, unlike most of thosenboring debutantes milling around and gawking at me every second.\" \"You should be flattered. Every woman at the ball last night hadntheir heart set on becoming the Duchess of Albany.\" \"They wanted a title, the prestige, the privilege…Kate is in lovenwith me, uncle.\" Milliard paced around the table scowling, Margaret stopped him byntaking hold of his hand, \"This is suppose to be a happy time, Milliard.nYour only nephew is to wed. There is no point in continuing this argument,nbecause obviously Leopold has made up his mind.\" Leopold leaned over his aunt's chair and gave her a kiss on thencheek, \"Thank you, Aunt Margaret, for understanding.\" \"I wish your parents could see you. No matter what your uncle says,nthey would be overjoyed with the happiness you exude.\" \"For god sakes, Margaret, you are supposed to be on my side.\" The side door slowly opened, and Kate found herself intimidated fornthe first time in her life. She had heard the commotion as she hadndescended the stairs, and had no idea what truly to expect. Leopoldnimmediately left his aunts side and greeted Kate at the door. He took holdnof both of her hands and looked into her eyes smiling. She closed her eyesnand then reopened them just to make sure this was real. He was gazing downnupon her and he slowly leaned towards her and kissed her gently on thenlips. \"Kate, dear sweet, Kate. I hope you slept well, come and sit downnand join us for breakfast.\" Leopold glared at his uncle as he walked by,nhoping he wouldn't make a scene in front of Kate. Leopold knew only tonwell, what it was like to be thrown into another world you weren'tnaccustomed to. He knew Kate would need to get adjusted to life in 1876,nand Uncle Milliard could only make matters worst. And knowing his UnclenMilliard, the matter wasn't dropped only brushed aside for the time being.[Chapter 2] Kate was aware of the glances from Leopold's uncle, but took Leopold's lead and decided it was best to ignore them for now. Obviously, the argument had concerned her. Now the room was silent, as they sat down. Leopold gave her a reassuring smile, but Kate felt he was hiding something. Margaret finally broke the silence, \"Dearest, Katherine, I daresay my gown does not do you justice, but my dressmaker will be arriving within the hour, to have you fitted for a more suitable wardrobe for a future duchess. Leopold mentioned your luggage was misplaced on your journey here. It must have been dreadful, to lose one's things. I know I could not cope.\" Kate glanced at Leopold and he shrugged his shoulders. She realized she would have to fabricate some story up. There would be questions about her family and where she was from. Uncle Millard couldn't help but notice the questioning looks between them. He was determined to get to the bottom of it. And he wasn't one to sit back, so he jumped right into the conversation. \"Yes, what a dreadful journey you must have had Miss McKay. And to think your family allowed you to travel alone. A young lady, as yourself, should always be accompanied by a chaperone.\" \"My parents are dead, your lordship, I live with my brother and he would've traveled with me, but under the circumstances, we both felt it was best if he stayed to look after the house.\" \"And what does your brother do, Miss McKay?\" She looked at Leopold for guidance, and he quickly spoke up, \"Kate's brother, Charles is in the shipping business. Very successful. I believe he was off to the West Indies, isn't that right, Kate?\" \" Yes, oh, yes...my brother Charles is quite the jetsetter..Africa one minute, India, the next.\" \"I beg your pardon, jetsetter? I have never heard that word before.\" Uncle Millard looked at her curiously. \"I am awfully sorry, it's American slang, for a worldwide traveler.\" \"I will never understand this country and the way it has destroyed the English language. It really is a shame.\" There was a brief silence while they continued to eat their breakfast, but it didn't last long, \"You know, Miss McKay, Leopold never mentioned how you met. He has been extremely vague about you and your courtship. In fact, just yesterday, he was determined to spite me and not choose a wife at the ball at all.\" Leopold glanced across the table, \"Uncle, I really don't see...\" He was cut off , as Millard raised his hand to quiet him, \"I wasn't speaking to you, Leopold. I was speaking to Miss McKay, or can I call you Katherine, since in a very short time you will be my niece.\" \"Katherine would be fine.\" \"My nephew, doesn't believe I can have a civil conversation with anyone. And in this case, he believes it is none of my business. But he is very wrong. I find it incredibly odd that you weren't even on the guest list, and only yesterday Leopold was making some cynical remark about love. From these words, it was perfectly clear to me, that there was no woman in his life. So you can see how my curiosity has the best of me. If you are to marry my nephew, I believe I am entitled to some details of this relationship.\" Leopold stood up, \"Uncle, you are out of line interrogating Kate as if she were a common criminal. I won't have it.\" Kate managed to get him to sit down, \"Leopold, your uncle is making a valid point.\" He gave her a questioning look, \"He is?\" \"Yes, he doesn't have any idea of my intentions. And you are his only nephew. He wants what is best for you.\" \"Dearest, Katherine, you are seeing it my way. Maybe you have had time to contemplate, that this marriage is not in my nephew's best intentions. It is not to late, to call the whole thing off.\" \"She will do no such thing, and frankly Uncle Millard, I cannot even imagine that you have the gall to ask her to do so in front of me. It is more like you, to take them aside and offer them money on the sly. It wouldn't be the first time you paid someone off, in that matter.\" \"How dare you speak to me in such a way.\" Kate stood up, \"Enough both of you, Leopold just tell him how we met, that's all he wants to know.\" They both looked at each other. \"Somehow I doubt that isn't enough.\" \"I would except that for now.\" Leopold knew that whatever he told his uncle, the matter would not be over, but to pacify him for the time being he would have to create a believable tale of his meeting and courtship with Kate. The only question in his mind...was where to begin.[Chapter 3] \"I suppose it is a acceptable request on your part, Uncle Millard, but for me the only thing that is significant is I did meet Kate and we fell in love and I have chosen her for my wife.\" He glanced at Kate and she rolled her eyes, about how pathetic he sounded. \"But if you insist on the boring details I will gladly give them to you.\" He was stalling and didn't know where to go to next. How would he make up anything that his Uncle would believe? His Uncle had always been involved in Leopold's life, and kept track of where he was and what he was doing. There had to have been some instance that hadn't been accounted for that he could use. He noticed his Uncle's eyes glaring at him, and he realized he had to think fast. Then it came to him. \"I probably never mentioned Stuart to you, Uncle, but he was a dear friend while I was attending Oxford.\" \"Stuart...you can't mean Stuart Preston? Honestly, Leopold, I can see why you wouldn't have mentioned him, because he is an unsuitable companion for you or any other English man of nobility.' \"Oh, no, Stuart Besser...like I said I never mentioned him to you and you wouldn't know him, he was an American student studying Physics.\" \"For god's sake, what kind of name is Besser...\" \"I really couldn't say, but I ran into him only awhile ago down by the bridge and we began talking, he invited me to tea at his home. He was ever so hospitable; I believe it was the afternoon you and Aunt Margaret took a drive into the country. I met Kate and Charles there.\" \"Next thing you are going to tell me, Leopold, is that it was love at first sight, or something else equally absurd.\" \"No, it was nothing like that.\" He looked at Kate and remembered their first meeting and how odd he had found her, but in those few days in the future he had found a woman he could truly love. Independent, strong, beautiful and intelligent. She could tell he was thinking about their meeting and placed her hand over his on the table. \"You never mentioned having tea with anyone that afternoon, Leopold. In fact, you were so enthralled with those idiotic contraptions of yours upstairs, you were oblivious to anyone in the room.\" \"Those idiotic contraptions, as you call them, are experiments, Uncle, and for your information, Otis insisted I get out of the house that afternoon. I had an idea that wasn't working, and it was only frustrating me. Otis felt a walk in the fresh air would do me good. And he was right. It was lovely meeting up with Stuart and meeting his friends. I didn't mention it to you because you would have asked me a million and one questions about these people. Always so concerned about who's company I am keeping. I felt there was no reason to go through one of your inquiries.\" \"So I take it you've been keeping other secrets from me as well.\" \"There are no secrets, Uncle, just things I have kept from you so I could live some kind of normal life.\" \"You are not normal, Leopold.\" Margaret took hold of her husband's hand. \"Dear, please, you are raising your voice and the servants will hear you and you know what they are like. Please let Leopold continue.\" Millard sat back in his chair, \"So if it wasn't love at first sight, pray tell, how did this relationship blossom into a marriage proposal? In the last few weeks you have been extremely occupied attending various galas and balls. There was very little time for you to take a breath let alone, rendezvous with this young woman.\" Kate had been silent long enough, \"He was a complete gentlemen, which I found extremely irritating to begin with. I can't believe all Englishmen are like him, to tell you the truth. Overly polite, standing up every time you leave the table. You cannot believe the American men I have encountered and the way they treat women...\" Millard was appalled by her honesty, \"I am sure I don't have any idea what you mean.\" \"I have never met anyone like Leopold.\" She looked in his eyes, \"I knew he was destined to marry someone from a good family with money, and I don't fall into that description. It wasn't until I had almost lost him that I realized I was in love with him. I came to the party because I had to see if he felt the same way. Leopold didn't have any idea that I would be there, so you see he hadn't planned to choose me as his wife at all. If it wasn't for Charlie and Stuart, who told me to follow my destiny, Leopold would have chosen someone else.\" Leopold smiled at her, lifting her hand and kissing the back of it. Margaret smiled at both of them, \"Katherine, it takes a very determined woman to go after what she wants and I admire that in you. And Leopold, no matter what my argumentative husband says, I think you have chosen wisely.\" \"Then we have your blessing, Aunt Margaret\", Leopold questioned. She glared at her husband, \"Millard, I think you owe them both an apology for your behavior...as well, as a blessing for them to marry.' He was silent. Leopold shook his head in frustration. He wasn't going to get a blessing from his uncle. \"It is no use, dear Aunt, he is stubborn and set in his ways, and he will have the last word, as he always does.\" He stood up, \"Kate, I think I have had enough of this pleasant family gathering, care to join me in the study?\" But Kate was irritated and wasn't going to allow Uncle Millard to have the last word. She had a hard time accepting the fact that Leopold was related to this unfeeling, bitter man. She knew Leopold wouldn't stand up to him. And she felt it was time someone did.[Chapter 4] Kate stood up and before taking Leopold's arm as offered, she turned to Uncle Millard, \"I would really like to know what is so wrong with marrying someone for love. Obviously, it is an oddity in this day and age and it has me perplexed on why? Could you answer this question for me, your lordship?\" Leopold realized she was about to lose her temper and tried to stop her, \"Kate, please, let's be on our way.\" But she pushed his hand aside. \"Tell me, your lordship, what about you, did you marry for love or money?\" Leopold covered his face with his hand and sighed, \"Oh, god, Kate, no.\" But realized it was too late. Margaret was shocked, she looked over at her husband, questioning him with her eyes, but she knew the answer. It was something you didn't talk about. Millard stood up,\"Leopold, you and Miss McKay are not welcome at this table. Kindly remove her from the premises immediately. And I will deal with you later.\" Kate was ready for a fight, \"You aren't going to let him speak to you like that are you?\" Leopold took her by the elbow and escorted her out of the dining room, while she struggled all the way. He managed to get the study room door and open and gently pushed her inside, closing the door behind them. She pulled herself away from him, \"Why don't you stand up for yourself? I can't believe you can actually let him speak to you that way.\" \"Kate, this is not the 21^st century. Things are done differently here. You were out of line in there.\" \"I was right wasn't I? He doesn't love your Aunt Margaret.\" \"Did you see my aunts face when you made that outrageous display? Did you even think about anyone else in the room or only about the way you felt, Kate? Yes, he married for money. Are you satisfied? My aunt was in love with another man, whom she was not allowed to marry. Her father had already arranged the match between her and my uncle. That was over 30 years ago. She has accepted her place and she loves my uncle in her own way. I am not saying it is right, but it is the way it is. For you to make that remark in her presence was embarrassing and insulting.\" He walked away from her and went to the window, his back to her. Kate knew he was mad, and that she had once again put her foot in it. \"I am sorry, Leopold. I'll apologize to your aunt. I was just so angry with the way your uncle treated you. I will be more careful next time. I have a lot to learn about 1876, obviously. This isn't easy for me. I have come to a time where the dresses are uncomfortable\", she tugged at the neckline of her dress, \"nothing is mine, and everything I know and love is more than 100 years in the future. I am overwhelmed. I am going to make mistakes.\" He turned towards her, \"Not everything you know and love.\" He smiled at her, and she was glad he didn't plan to stay mad at her. She moved over to him and he wrapped his arms around her, looking into her eyes, \"And I know about being overwhelmed. Remember I have been there, at least you had History books, so you had some sort of knowledge what to expect. I don't expect you to fall into my world with ease. It will take time, but we have each other. When I saw you across the room last evening, I knew we were destined to be together. Our love is the true test of time, Kate. You have to believe that. I know that I do.\" She kissed him and didn't want to come up for air, when they finally pulled apart he smiled, \"Now that is one 21^st century custom I thoroughly endorse. Women taking the initiative.\" \"Really I thought you would disapprove. It isn't a ladies place to do such things.\" \"This is one 19^th century gentlemen who will not argue if and when the mood strikes you again, Miss McKay.\" He had that twinkle in his eye. \"Very well, your grace, I will keep that in mind.\" She was just about to kiss him again when the door of the study opened, and they both turned. Margaret stood there, \"I am very sorry to disturb you.\" She started to turn around and head back out the door, but Leopold left Kate's side, and went to his aunts. \"You aren't disturbing us, really, Aunt Margaret. Is everything alright?\" \"Your uncle is furious.\" Leopold turned to Kate and she slowly walked toward them, \"I want to apologize, your ladyship, I really didn't mean to embarrass you. I was out of line.\" Margaret took hold of Kate's hands, \"Oh, dear sweet, Katherine, we all know the truth, it just has never been spoken. And I want you to know, I am not unhappy. Leopold's uncle has provided for me and in his own way, he has loved me. He isn't always argumentative and stubborn, and he has been a father figure for Leopold since his parents have died. He has always wanted what's best for him, like any father would.\" There was a rap on the door and Otis entered, \"Pardon me, your ladyship, your grace, Miss McKay, but Madame Marchant has arrived for Miss McKay's dress fittings. I have showed her upstairs to your quarters Miss Mckay.\" \"Oh, we mustn't keep her waiting, Katherine, she is a very busy woman. Woman dressmakers are very few, and she is the very best. She is on a very strict schedule, everyone in New York wants to own a dress designed by her. Leopold, you will excuse us. \" \"Of course, Aunt Margaret. And I think I will make myself scarce, so that I don't have to deal with Uncle Millard's scolding. A ride in Central park might be just the trick, Otis. What do you think? Especially since the ladies, will be occupied for a least a few hours.\" \"That would probably be a very good idea, your grace, he is in a right state and best to avoid him at every cost. I will have a horse ready for you, your grace.\" Otis left the room. By Kate's expression, Leopold could tell she wasn't extremely pleased with the thought of spending the rest of the morning being measured and fitted for dresses. But he gave her a reassuring kiss on the cheek and whispered in her ear, \"It will be painless, I promise you and afterwards we will do whatever you please. Maybe a stroll down to the waterfront. I am sure you are anxious to see the New York of 1876.\" Kate still couldn't help but wonder what she had gotten herself into. The last 4 days in the future had been undeniably the most incredible days of her life, but everything seemed so strange here. How could she possibly get use to any of this?[Chapter 5] While the women headed upstairs, Leopold headed towards the front door and grabbed his coat off the coat rack. Otis appeared out of nowhere to help him with it \"Your grace, I have a horse waiting for you out front, I hope your ride will be enjoyable.\" \"I am sure it will be, all things considering, it is turning out to be a beautiful day.\" They walked outside together and Leopold went up to the horse and young lad, holding the reins. He patted the horse, and looked at the boy, \"He is a lovely specimen, what is his name?\" \"Charlie, your grace.\" Leopold laughed, \" I hope he lives up to his reputation,\" thinking of Charlie and his bad accents, his way of working the crowd...but most of all his friendship. He smiled to himself. He had to admit he missed Charlie. He couldn't remember ever having a close friend, especially not one as endearing as Charlie, all the while growing up, under his uncle's supervision. \"He is a fine horse, your grace. A bit feisty, but you just have to let him know who's in control.\" Leopold pulled himself up onto the horses back and looked down at Otis, \"You'll make sure Kate stays out of trouble, Otis and for god's sake keep her away from Uncle Millard.\" \"No problem, your grace.\" He paused a moment and Leopold, could tell by his expression there was something else on his mind. \"What is it Otis? I know that look. Speak your mind, there are no secrets between you and I. I hope that is still the case. My choosing a wife should not alter our relationship whatsoever.\" \" I am glad to hear that, your grace. And I just wanted you to know how happy I am for you. She seems like a wonderful young woman. Very full of life, and I can tell you are very much in love with her.\" \"Oh, yes, I am in love with her. And to think a few days ago, I had no inclination of what love was. It is an incredible feeling...a bit odd...a little frightening, I must admit.\" \"You will be fine, your grace, I have never known anything to rattle you. Very much like your father.\" \"I may be, Otis, but I do think I have found my match in Kate. I am sure you can tell she is not like any other woman I have ever encountered. And she has already shaken me up considerably. She has been a challenge. Life will never be dull with Kate around.\" \"And that pleases, your grace.\" \"Most definitely. Life has been rather uneventful of late, it's about time someone or something stirred things up a bit.\" Recalling the events of this morning, the stirring had already happened and he really had no idea what to expect next. He gave Charlie a kick and rode off down the street. Leopold had always found solace while riding. It was a great time to think and reflect, and most of his ideas for inventions had popped into his head while out on a horse. Today was no different. He had planned to ride straight to Central Park, but detoured down by the waterfront. There was some minor activity, and Leopold enjoyed watching people. He steadied Charlie and stopped right below the bridge. As he looked up at it, it was hard for him to imagine that he had actually followed Stuart up it, and fallen into the portal. The tales he could tell. No one would believe him, but he had Kate and that for him was proof enough that it all really happened. He heard some commotion farther down the waterfront, and realized the SS Great Britain II was in dock. It was the steamer he had traveled over on from Liverpool, a month ago. England entered his thoughts. The last month had left little time to think about home. Uncle Millard had managed to receive invites to every ball and gala and Leopold had believed that he would settle in America with his new found wife. That had been the plan. But now things had changed. His new found wife had no dowery and no home, and he desperately wanted to go back to England and live at Balinor with Kate. She would adore it. And to raise their children there would be wonderful. Peace and quiet, rides in the countryside, and a real royal wedding. There was no question in his mind, and no time to waste; he wanted to go back to England as soon as possible. He dismounted Charlie and tied him to the nearest post, and entered the office of the Royal Atlantic Streamliner Company and booked passage for 5. He knew his Uncle would not be pleased, but surely he couldn't refuse his request to be married at Balinor. Millard's concern of the cost of running the place was hardly relevant under the circumstances, surely. With tickets in his coat pocket, he remounted Charlie and gave him a swift kick and rode towards Central Park, a smile on his face. It was turning out to be a glorious day after all.[Chapter 6] Leopold was totally rejuvenated after his ride through Central Park and when he arrived at the house he showed it. Otis was at the door to take his coat \"Did you enjoy your ride, your grace?\" \"Absolutely fantastic, Otis. It is a truly glorious day. Next time you will have to join me.\" Otis managed a chuckle, \"My horse riding days are over, your grace. I think I will stick to a horse and buggy, but thank you for the offer.\" 2 of the house maids were in the hall and they both bowed to Leopold, he smiled at them,\" Why, Mary, you did something to your hair. And it looks charming. It suits you.\" She blushed, \"Thank you, your grace, I just curled it a bit.\" He was always kind to them. And everyone in the house had enjoyed his time there. Such a contrast from Millard barking orders at everyone. He turned to Otis, \"Surely, the ladies are through with the dress fittings.\" \"I am afraid not, your grace, but I imagine that it won't be long now. Should I fetch you your tea and have it brought to the study?\" \"That would be lovely, Otis. And pray tell, where is my dear Uncle? I need to have a word or two with him.\" \"He retired to his room.\" \"To sulk, I assume. Change of plans, I will have my tea in my uncles quarters.\" \"Your grace, do you really feel that is a wise move, under the circumstances?\" \"When to approach my uncle, is never an easy task. So I will take care of it now, wise or unwise. And I must say, I don't feel I can be easily rattled at this moment, so there is no time like the present.\" \"Very well, your grace, I will have your tea brought up to you.\" Leopold had a skip in his step as he headed up the stairs, two at a time. As he passed Kate's room he stopped and had a listen. He could hear all the women talking at once and wondered how she was copping. He rapped on the door, \"Are you ladies decent?\" he called out. He started to open the door and was met by his Aunt Margaret, \"This is inappropriate, now go away.\" \"You can't blaming me for wanting a peek.\" His aunt smiled at him, while he desperately tried to look past her. He caught a glimpse of Kate in her undergarments and she had a pleading look in her eyes. \"Leopold, a gentleman should not be peeking a glimpse at his fiancé in her undergarments.\" \"I realize that Aunt Margaret, but you have kept me away from my fiancé for the last 2 hours and I am desperate for any glimpse of her at all.\" Kate pulled away from the dressmaker and ran to the door, before Margaret could shut it; \"You have to get me out of here. I am going crazy. I have had enough prodding and poking and measuring. Please....\" \"I would love to oblige but I have no precedent in these matters, Kate. I am but a lowly Duke, who is brushed aside by the women when it comes to clothes and other such necessities. And you do need a wardrobe, yes?\" She nodded her head, \" Then grin and bear it. I am sorry I can't be of much assistance.\" Margaret pulled her away from the door. \"Leopold, you are distracting her, now run along. I promise we won't keep her from you much longer.\" Before the door closed he mouthed, \"I love you\" and she sneered at him. He headed down the hallway and knocked on his uncle's door. \"Uncle, I have come to make amends.\" From inside his quarters he said, \"Unless you are going to tell me you are calling this ridiculous engagement off, I don't want to speak to you.\" Leopold barged in without an invitation. \"You will speak to me.\" He closed the door behind him. He took the steam liner tickets out of his pocket and laid them on the table in front of his uncle. \"What are these?\" \"What do they look like? \"I really am in no mood for games, Leopold.\" \"Fairly well, they are tickets on the Great Britain II which sets sell, in 4 days time. I have booked passage for the 5 of us, Otis included of course.\" \"Oh, for god's sake, if you think for one minute I am going back to England you are dead mistaken.\" \"You will go back to England because I am requesting it, Uncle. I am to be married to Kate, whether you like it or not, and I want to be married at Balinor. I would never even consider a wedding without you and Aunt Margaret there, no matter how stubborn and pig headed you are. You are the only family I have. And Balinor is my home, as well as yours. It is where I want to raise my family, just like you raised me and just like my grandfather raised you and my father. I realize there is a lot to be done on the estate, but I believe I can make Balinor what it once was. Give me a chance. I belong in England, I belong at Balinor.\" Millard looked at his only nephew. He and Margaret had never been able to have children and when his brother (the previous Duke of Albany) and his wife were killed when Leopold was 7, they had raised him as if he were their own child. Leopold had grown up into a fine young man, and Margaret had told him time and time again, that he was partly responsible for the man he had become. He loved Leopold and felt he was protecting him. And to go back to England now with Kate, could be a huge mistake. But how could he deny him the wedding he dreamed of. Both Millard and his brother had been married at Balinor. It was a grand place, despite the financial difficulties that had fallen upon the family and maybe Leopold could save it. There was a rap at the door.It was Otis. \"Pardon me, your lordship, your grace, I have brought your tea\" \"Thank you, Otis.\" After he set it the tray down, he was about to leave and Leopold stopped him. \"Please stay. Uncle Millard, I believe was about to say something of major importance before you walked in the room. Am I correct? Uncle?\" He muttered under his breath, in discouragement, \"Otis, I really don't know what to make of this young man. But once again, he has managed to pull the wool over my eyes and I am giving into him and his foolish whims.\" Leopold smiled in triumph, and proceeded to go over and hug his uncle, who quickly pushed him away, \"None of that, nonsense.\" \"Pardon me for asking, your grace, but what foolish whim is his lordship referring to?\" \"Otis knows you to well, Leopold. It has been one foolish whim after another, I am correct on that matter.\" \" Enough from both of you. This is hardly a foolish whim. Otis, we will be packing our things. We set sale for England in 4 days time.\" Otis wasn't the least bit surprised. He always knew that Balinor was where Leopold's heart was. The question now was how would Kate deal with the news.[Chapter 7] With the dress fittings over Margaret took hold of Kate's hand, \"Inthink I have kept you from Leopold long enough. If I know Leopold, he willnbe found with his uncle.\" \"But they weren't speaking. I think Leopold would be smart to staynaway from his uncle.\" \"Oh, dear sweet, Kate. You do have a lot to learn about our Leopold.nThe relationship he has with Millard is extremely complicated. They may notnsee eye to eye all the time, in fact, they very rarely see eye to eye, butnMillard has been like a father to him and Leopold never stays angry withnhim for long.\" They walked out into the hall, and ran into Otis, \"Your ladyship,nyour husband and his grace are having tea in his lordships quarters, I willnhave Sophie bring up 2 extra cups.\" \"That would be lovely, Otis.\" As they approached the doors to Millard's quarters, they could hearnlaughter and when Margaret opened the door, Kate was surprised to see bothnmen in such high spirits. Margaret smiled at both of them and Kate just stared in amazement. Leopold headed towards her, putting his arm around her waist andndrawing her near to him, kissing her cheek, she was leery of his change innmoods. \"I am hoping you will forgive me for the last few hours of torturenthat I allowed my aunt to put you through.\" \"I will think about it. Why are you so happy? Either your tea isnspiked, or the spring air has had some bizarre effect on you, while younwere riding.\" \"I am happy because I have you…how can you even question me in such anway. Shouldn't I be happy? …And yes, the ride was exhilarating and causednme to rethink a few things. But I am not sure what you mean by spikedntea…\" \"It isn't important. But obviously something that happened in herenis. Are you going to let me in on it.\" \"Uncle, Aunt, I think I will take Kate out for a stroll, if you don'tnmind. I haven't had any time alone with my bride to be since she arrived.\" \"I think that is a lovely idea, Leopold, the fitting was a bitntiring, and Katherine could probably use the fresh air.\" He took hold of her hand and they headed down the stairs. As theynstepped outside, Kate realized she hadn't been out of the house since shenarrived in 1876. Horse and buggies lined the streets, there were othersnout for strolls, and Kate looked in awe at her surroundings. Leopold hadnmentioned the slower pace and now she was experiencing it, \"I have something to show you.\" His face lit up like a child in ancandy store. She loved how things were so simple for him. He loved hernand that was all that mattered. He got excited about riding a horse, ornjust having a peek at her through the bedroom door, like earlier when shenwas having her fitting. He put his arm out for her to take, and she gavenhim a funny look, \"This is how it is done here, Kate. Holding hands isnslightly to intimate for being out in public.\" \"This will take some getting use to.\" She took his arm and smiled up at him, whatever doubts she had, whennshe was with him they went away. They continued to stroll towards thenwaterfront and Leopold knew Kate had the same sensation he did when shenlooked up at the bridge. They continued walking towards the docks and Katennoticed the steam liner. She also realized Leopold had stopped. \"I remember you said you had lived in New York for years and hadnnever crossed any of the bridges.\" \"That's right, I have never been anywhere.\" \"I've done something frivolous, but it's done now. And I believe Inhave made the right choice. I am hoping you will feel the same way.\" \"Will you just tell me.\"? \"Well, you are going to cross a bridge, Kate. In fact, you are goingnto cross an ocean.\" She looked at him and then at the ship, \"That boat. That boat hasnsomething to do with what you are talking about.\" \"It is the only way to cross an ocean.\" \"Oh, right, there are no transatlantic flights or anything yet. Sonwhere are we going on this boat.\" \"I am going to take you home. My home in England. I booked passagenfor us today. I want us to be married there.\" \"England…Leopold, I don't know. I am thrown into 1876, with enoughnon my plate to deal with. At least this is New York and I know somethingnabout Americans and this city. But England, it's a foreign country. Hownam I going to fit in there? And it's cold and drafty, and muddy. It rainsnall the time, and the food…. it's stodgy. How can I eat stodgy Britishnfood?\" \"You are being awfully negative about this. What about your sense ofnadventure? Obviously you had some of that when you jumped off the bridge.\" \"I was following my heart.\" \"And now do you feel you have made a mistake?\" \"No, I didn't mean it that way. I didn't make a mistake, I want tonbe with you.\" \"Then you can be with me in England, just as well as here. It is mynhome, where I was raised. It isn't perfect, but we can make it perfect.nAnd yes, it can be muddy, and it rains quite a bit…but I can't think ofnanything more perfect than to be cooped up in bed all day with you during anEnglish rainstorm.\" He raised his eyebrows, \"and cold and drafty…you havennothing to worry about there as well…I believe I am perfectly capable ofnkeeping you warm under any circumstances.\" She smiled at him, \"I see. It is sounding a bit more interesting.nBut what about your uncle and aunt? Will I ever have any time alone withnyou?\" \"The house is huge, you won't even know there is anyone else there.nIt is very easy to get lost at Balinor.\" \"I would love to see where you grew up.\" \"I know you will agree it is the perfect place to raise children.nThe grounds stretch out forever. And the summers are glorious. You won'tnbe disappointed.\" She was still at the word children. \"Children. You said children.\" \"Yes, I did say children. Kate, what is it?\" \"We have never talked about children. You just assumed I wantednchildren.\" \"What woman doesn't want children?\" \"Plenty of women in the 21st century. Leopold, you can't just assumenI will have your children because I am going to marry you.\" \"I am expected to have a child, Kate.\" \"I won't be expected to do anything. I may be in 1876, but I am notngoing to be this subservient woman who will do as her husband says. I amnmy own person, Leopold. And when I marry you I will still be that person.\" \"And I do not want you any other way.\" \"Well, from now, on decisions that effect both of us need to benaddressed together. I don't want to be told that I'm leaving on a boat inna few days, or that I'll be having a baby in 9 months. A marriage isn'tnlike that. It's two people working together, making decisions together.\" He put his arms around her and looked down at her, \"I have a lot tonlearn as well.\" \"Yes, you do.\" \"So do you think you could be happy in England? Do you think youncould live there with me?\" \"I think I could and I'm willing to give it a try.\" She smiled at him and brushed his hair off his face, looking into hisneyes, he smiled at her, a sweet cockeyed smile she adored and he strokednthe side of her face, \"You realize, this is highly inappropriate behavior,nI suppose we can get away with it in America, but in England, well, itnwould be frowned upon. Kate McKay you are going to turn heads. What am Insaying, I am sure it will be more than turning heads. And frankly, I looknforward to it. My country could use a little kick up the backside.\" \"I think I am capable of that.\" He was quiet for a minute, \"And about the other matter.\" \"What other matter?\" \"Would you even consider having my child?\" \"Leopold, we've known each other a few days. This isn't anconversation we should be having now.\" \"I want to know where you stand on the subject.\" \"Of course I would consider it, but I want us to have some timentogether. Please let's not rush this.\" He had gotten the answer he wanted and smiled triumphantly. \"You look incredibly pleased with yourself.\" \"Shouldn't I be, I have the woman of my dreams in my arms, I am goingnback to my homeland to marry her and she is considering having my child innthe future…hopefully not to distance future. But yes, I am pleased,nextremely pleased.\" \" You do need to remember something, Leopold.\" \"And what is that.\" \" I'm not here just to please you.\" \"Really, I was under the distinct impression that was your solenpurpose. And being a duke, I am used to having my way and having peoplenplease me.\" She could tell by the twinkle in his eye, he was teasing. \"And I'mnexpecting when I become duchess I'll have the same privileges.\" \"That is not how it works at all, but under the circumstances I donbelieve that I might be able to accommodate you in some respects. Pleasingnyou is something I am very willing to take part in. In fact, I believe itnmight even become my sole purpose in life. So you see, I may be a duke andnI may be a 19th century gentleman, but I have come back from the 2lstncentury knowing, it is not all about me.\" \"You know, Leopold, I have got me one hell of a 19th century Englishnduke, 2lst century new man and I don't think I'm going to be the only onenturning heads back in England.\" Leopold knew this was possibly the truth. His brief encounter withnthe 2lst century had changed him and England was not a country thatnaccepted change very well.[Chapter 8] Getting ready for a transatlantic journey was no easy feet in 1876.nThe household was busy packing, and telegrams had to be sent to prepare thenstaff at Balinor for the Duke and his party's arrival. Otis would be thenonly servant traveling with them. The other staff members had been hirednspecifically for their New York stay and many were feeling sad about thendeparture of the Duke. It had been an exciting 2 months for them and nownthey would be placed in other homes. But as long as they were stillnworking they got on with their jobs and didn't complain. That was what wasnexpected of them. On the morning of the sailing the staff was busy finishing thenpacking. As Sophie was finishing up the packing in Kate's room, she foundna small pocketbook that had slid under the bed. It had obviously beennmisplaced and forgotten and she picked it up and placed it on the top ofnKate's things before closing the trunk. She had been told that the cartnthat would carry the trunks and suitcases down to the docks would benarriving at any moment, so there was no time to waste. As the trunks and suitcases were loaded onto the cart, Leopoldnwatched over the proceedings, to make sure they were handled with care. Henwas extremely protective of his inventions and didn't want anything tonhappen to them. Otis realized he was only getting in the way and quicklyninterceded, \"Your grace, I will make sure everything is in order here, andnproceed down to the docks with your luggage, you needn't worry. I thinknMiss Katherine, could probably use the company at this time. Your ladyshipntold her to stay put in the study, til she is called for.\" \"I see what you are doing, Otis. You think I am in the way here.nThis is your way of telling me to vacate the premises.\" \"Well, your grace, I do believe your presence is needed elsewhere. Inam only thinking of Miss Katherine on her own.\" \"I will oblige, only because I do know that I am leaving mynbelongings in more than capable hands. I imagine Kate is relieved thatneveryone has stopped fussing over her for the time being, she is probablynenjoying the time alone. \"Did you ever think that this voyage could be making her a bit nervous?\" \"Kate, nervous? That is highly unlikely, Otis. I realize this wholenendeavor has got to be overwhelming for her, but she is not some delicatenlittle flower of a girl who cannot handle new situations. I have every bitnof confidence in her, but I will take your concern into consideration and Inwill go check on her.\" Otis knew full well, that he was checking on hernfor his own sake. In the last few days, Leopold had hardly been away fromnher side and often Kate was the one who needed breathing space. With Margaret's and Sophie's help, Kate had been dressed in herntraveling clothes, which included a hat…which Kate detested and thought itnlooked ridiculous, but Margaret insisted that a lady always wore a hat whenntraveling. She was told to sit in the study until the carriage came tontake them to the docks and she was impatient, anxious and uncomfortable andnscared to death of the trip. She had never been on a plane, and a boat wasnout of the question. She couldn't swim and she remembered watching thenTitanic and being grateful things like that would never happen in hernlifetime. Traveling was fairly safe. Now she was in 1876 and nothingnlooked safe. Carriages were rickety and that ship, looked like it wouldn'tnmake it across the bay, let alone the Atlantic Ocean. She had not toldnLeopold of her fears. She could do this, she kept telling herself over andnover again. The study door swung open and Leopold was all smiles, in fact hentried holding back laughter when he saw Kate trying to sit like a lady innher new travel attire. \"What are you laughing at, and if it's the hat,nwell, I will tell you one thing, it is coming off the minute we are on thatnship.\" \"Aunt Margaret's suggestion, I take it.\" \"Leopold, I look ridiculous.\" He moved over to her and took her in his arms, \"You look absolutelynbreathtaking, of course the hat hides your beautiful features, but actuallynthat isn't a bad thing. I won't have to be fending off male admirers onnour journey.\" He teased. \"What I will do for you, I can't believe it.\" \"The hat isn't the only thing bothering you.\" \"Nothing else is bothering me. I am perfectly fine.\" He held up her hand, \"You have been chewing on your nails. A nervousnhabit, I've been told. So what pray tell, are you nervous about.\" She didn't want to tell him, so he began to guess, \"I suppose youncould be nervous about the wedding. Ah..Maybe the wedding night has you anbit flustered.\" He smiled. And she playfully hit him. \"I think I can handle the wedding night.\" \"Maybe you're concerned about the ladies I have left behind innEngland, resurfacing and trying to win my affections back.\" \"You are so full of yourself sometimes, you should be concerned aboutnthe Englishmen who will want to throw themselves on me because of mynincredible charm.\" \"Alright, so whatever is bothering you has nothing to do with me, sonit has to be about the journey itself.\" \"Why would I be worried about the journey?\" \"I am not sure why actually. It is perfectly safe, Kate. It is thensame ship I came to New York on. The accommodations are grand and the foodnexquisite. We can dance all night. You will love it.\" \"I will love it.\" She said sarcastically. \"You don't know anythingnabout the Titanic, Leopold. It was supposed to be the safest ship evernbuilt, and the designer screwed up, there wasn't enough lifeboats and whennit hit an iceberg, thousands of people died in the icy waters.\" \"I admit I don't know anything about this tragic sailing of thenTitanic, but I can assure you there are plenty of lifeboats and for onenthing, there will be no icebergs. It is April for god's sake. You need tontrust me. I would not put your life in jeopardy.\" \"I know that, but things happen.\" As she said these words, Leopold'snmind drifted. Things did happen. They happened when he was 7 and he wasnnever to see his parents again after that dreadful accident aboard the shipntaking them to India. This was something he would have to keep from Katenfor the time being. It would only give her more cause to be concernednabout the journey. And he must admit, every time he stepped foot on anship, he thought of his parents, but he was always a risk taker and hennever let any fear get the better of him. He tried to reassure her. \"Don't tell me you weren't afraid jumping off that bridge. And youndid it, and survived it. Don't you think we can survive just aboutnanything after that ordeal?\" There was a rap at the door, \"Your grace, the carriage is waiting outnfront, whenever you are ready.\" \"Thank you, Otis, we will be out shortly.\" Leopold took both of her hands in his and gently kissed them. \"Younwon't regret this, I promise you and I won't leave your side for onenminute.\" \"Will you be there when I am throwing up my dinner over the side ofnthe ship?\" \"Yes, I will be there when you discharge the contents of your stomachnstarboard.\" \"You even make vomiting sound elegant.\" He held out his arm to her, \"Shall we? Our carriage awaits. And ournfuture life together is about to begin.\"[Chapter 9] Leopold insisted they stay out on deck as they left New York. Notnonly was Kate feeling nervous, she couldn't help but believe this would benthe last time she ever saw New York and it left an empty feeling in hernstomach. Of course this isn't how she would really remember New York, butnas the ship set sail and she watched the city get smaller and smaller andnfurther and further away, a tear came to her eye. Leopold couldn't helpnbut notice and pulled her closer to him, wondering if taking her away fromnthe only home she had ever known was the right thing to do. \"I remember when I was younger and my parents took Charlie and me onnone of those tourist trips of the bay, and how all the skyscrapers lookednfrom the water. They didn't seem so big anymore, from the boat. It wasnlike a model town, not real. And now I am looking at New York 100 yearsnearlier, there are no skyscrapers and it doesn't even feel the same, but Infeel a connection to this place…I know it doesn't make any sense.\" \"I am taking you away from the only home you've ever known. It makesnperfect sense. I felt very much the same way when we departed Liverpoolnjust 2 months ago. Am I being incredibly selfish taking you away from allnthis?\" \"Leopold, I came here to be with you, and I know how important it isnfor you to return to England. I will be fine. Do you mind if I go down tonmy cabin for a while? I just want to lie down for awhile.\" There was a look of concern on Leopold's face and Kate tried to putnhis mind at ease, \"I really am fine. Just tired, too much excitement fornone day. I'll be a new person in time for dinner.\" \"Why do I have the distinct impression, you are trying to put my mindnat ease. And in actuallality you are covering your apprehension about thenjourney and your sense of lose of leaving New York behind.\" \"I need some time alone. That's all. Please?\" \"Very well, but I insist you will allow me to escort you down to yourncabin.\" She smiled up at him, \"I have no problem with that request.\" After seeing her to her room, he wandered down the corridor to hisnown cabin, where he found Otis unpacking some of his things. Otis couldn'tnhelp but notice the melancholy look on his face, \"I thought you would bentaking advantage of the beautiful afternoon and taking Miss Katherine for anstroll around the deck, your grace.\" \"She wanted to lie down.\" \"It has been an exciting day and I am sure she is exhausted. Inbelieve she has made a wise decision in having a rest before dinner.\" Leopold gave him one of his looks, \"You think I have made a hastyndecision in returning to England so soon, don't you? That Kate is notnready for this yet.\" \"What I think, your grace, is not important.\" \"And you happen to know, Otis, that I have always relied on yournopinion and respect it. You have always been by my side and guided menthrough life's obstacles. In many ways you have been more of a father tonme than Millard.\" \"That shouldn't be the case, his lordship has always down everythingnfor you with your best interests at heart. I am just your man servant, herento serve you in every way I can.\" \"That is a load of rubbish and you know it. When my parents died innthat accident, it was you who comforted me more than anyone else. I spentnmore time with the servants than I did with my uncle and aunt. My unclenlacked the warmth and love I could've used at that time.\" \"He did try. And your aunt doted on you. You mustn't be to hard onnthem, they did the best they could.\" \"I know they tried, and I am grateful, but I also want you to acceptnthe fact that I would not be the person I am today without you. I need younto be honest with me now. Is this move to England a mistake?\" Otis put away another shirt in the drawer and turned towards him,n\"Katherine will be happy wherever you are, I am sure of that, your grace.\" \"Please, Otis, as long as we are in my cabin, we can drop thenformalities. I really despise being referred to your grace, everywhere Inturn.\" \"Very well, Master Leopold.\" \"Much better. So you feel she will be happy, but I hear a concern innyour tone of voice.\" \"She is very unique and I see that is what has drawn you to her, butnI am sure you are well aware that England may not be as excepting of her asnAmerica is.\" \"You are telling me something I already know. There is somethingnelse.\" He was apprehensive talking to his master this way but he also knewnhow persistent Leopold could be and he would find out, \"I have heard MasternEdgar is back from India and residing at Westlake.\" This was news to Leopold and it took him by surprise, \"You are surenabout this, it isn't some idle gossip?\" \" I am afraid it is true, I received a telegram from Cook a few daysnago.\" \"And Millicent, how is she?\" \"Not very well, I am afraid. She is with child again, and Cook saysnshe is very pale and weak. They have returned to England, so she can havenbetter medical care. She did mention that Lady Millicent seemed happy to benback.\" \"Well, that isn't surprising. He dragged her over to India, and shenleft all her family and friends behind. That was extremely hard on her.\"nLeopold pictured Millicent, his childhood sweetheart, with his retchednrival Edgar. It had been 10 years now, since he had laid eyes on her. Shenhad been 18 and when Leopold made no intention of marriage, she had marriednher cousin Edgar Spencer, Leopold's neighbor and childhood rival. \"I am concerned Master Leopold, I probably have no right to be andnthings are different now. I am hoping they are, but I know Master Edgarnhas always felt he has to compete with you.\" \"We were children, for god's sake, I am sure marriage and a childnhave made him a changed man. He can't still feel animosity for me surely.nAnd I really don't know why he did in the first place. It never made anynsense.\" \"He was always such an angry young man. I truly blame his father. Henacted like he didn't exist when he was younger. You on the other hand werenloved and cared for by every member of the staff as well as your family. Indon't think Master Edgar ever had that kind of love.\" \"Well, it will be wonderful to see Millicent again. And I think shenand Kate will get along splendidly. It will be good for both of them.\" \"You are very optimistic, Master Leopold.\" \"Obviously you think it will be a disaster.\" \"They are as different as chalk and cheese. And as I recallnMillicent never stopped loving you, even after she was married. How do younthink Miss Katherine will feel about that?\" \"That was a long time ago, and we're all adults now. Kate has hadnadmirers as well and Millicent is part of the past. \" Otis wished he could be as optimistic as Leopold. But he knew to well thatnEdgar meant trouble and Millicent being unhappy in a loveless marriagenwould only cause fuel to the fire. And then there was Kate…she was like nonother woman Otis had ever encountered and she wasn't going to sit back andnbe the obedient loving wife most men expected. Of course Leopold wasn'tnlike most men either. Him choosing Kate as a bride was evident of that. _________________________________________________________ Margaret went to Kate's cabin when it was approaching dinnertime, shenwas alarmed to find Kate looking pale, and she had obviously been crying. \"My dear, Katherine, what has happened? Have you and Leopold had anfight?\" \"No, no, nothing like that.\" She sat up and thought she might bensick. \"Maybe you should skip dinner tonight and just rest. I am surenLeopold will understand.\" \"I am going to dinner. I just need to have a wash, I will meet allnof you in the dining room.\" After Margaret left, Kate managed to drag herself over to thenwashbasin and splattered cold water onto her face; she closed her eyes andnthought how nice a shower would be right about now. She saw the eveningndress Margaret had gotten out of the closet laying on the bed. What shenwould do for a pair of Levi's and a baggy sweater right about now.nEverything seemed like such a struggle. There was a rap at the door and Kate went to answer it, it was Otis,n\"Your grace, wanted me to make sure you were all right and if you will benmaking it to dinner tonight.\" \"Please come in, Otis.\" \"Miss Katherine, it would be highly inappropriate.\" \"Do you think I care, just come in.\" He obliged, \"Why didn't Leopold come check on me himself.\" \"He has having drinks with his Uncle and the Captain, MissnKatherine.\" \"I see. Ladies aren't invited.\" She said sarcastically. \"Not usually, Miss.\" \"Well, I don't see why he should have all the fun. Otis, bring me anbottle of champagne. I would like a drink before dinner.\" \"Miss Katherine…\" She interrupted, \"It would be highly inappropriate I assume.\" \"Well, yes.\" \"Please, I don't think I can get through dinner without a drink. Inwon't tell Leopold, I promise. He will never know you had anything to donwith it.\" \"Alright, Miss, I will see what I can do.\" \"You are a saint, Otis.\" She gave him a kiss on the cheek and henblushed, \"Everything Leopold ever said about you was true.\" Otis went to the galley in search of a bottle of champagne fornKatherine. On his way back to the cabin with the bottle in hand he ranninto Margaret. \"Otis, where are you taking that bottle of champagne?\" \"It is for, your grace, my lady. After dinner he was planning tontoast his engagement.\" \"Otis, I know how devoted you are to Leopold. I don't want him to donanything foolish and I think you understand what I mean. We have anreputation to uphold and Leopold succumbing to his desires on this shipnwould be a mistake. I know you will see to it that Leopold is sensible innthis particular matter.\" \"Of course, your ladyship.\" \"Very well, have a wonderful evening, Otis.\" \"The same to you, your ladyship.' After she was gone, he continued to Kate's room, once he rapped onnthe door she immediately opened it. She was already dressed for dinner andnlooked stunning. \"I can tell by your expression I look presentable for dinner.\" \"You look lovely, Miss Katherine.\" She took the bottle from his hands. \"You are a lifesaver.\" \"I can help you with that, Miss.\" \"I think I can manage, thank you anyhow. I won't keep you anynlonger.\" He continued to stare at her as she poured a glass, \"You don't havento worry about me. I am fine. My nerves are a bit rattled that's all. Thisnwill help. And you don't have to say a thing to Leopold. He will onlynworry and fuss over me.\" \"Alright, then I will be on my way. I am glad I could be of servicento you, Miss Katherine.\" She smiled at him as he left. She then chugged down a glass ofnchampagne, and poured herself a second. Leopold pulled out his pocket watch to see the time, as they sat atntheir table. Kate was already a half hour late. Margaret and Millard bothnexchanged glances. \"Are you sure she said she was coming Aunt Margaret?\" \"Yes, I am positive. I will go check on her if you like.\" \"No, that won't be necessary. I will go and check on her. I won't benlong.\" He excused himself and went down to the cabins, he rapped on her doornand heard giggling inside, \"Kate, open up, it's Leopold.\" He heard a thud, and then it sounded like she ran into somethingnbefore the door slowly opened and revealed a very intoxicating Kate. \"Leo,nthis is such a surprise, but a lovely one. I will get you a drink.\" Shenwent to the bottle and held it upside down, \"Oops, it's all gone. I amnterribly sorry.\" \"Kate, you are intoxicated and my aunt and uncle are waiting for usnupstairs for dinner. What in god's name am I supposed to do now?\" \"Forget dinner, we can have our own party in here. Who wants to benwith those stuffed shirts anyhow?\" \"I can tell them your ill.\" \"No, I'll go. It'll be fine. I wouldn't want to disappoint anyonenand it's important to you.\" \"You cannot attend dinner in this state. My uncle and aunt will benappalled.\" \"And you are appalled aren't you?\" \"I am disappointed. I wanted us to get off to a good start, this isnnot what I had in mind.\" \"I am trying. Really I am.\" She started to cry and slipped to thenfloor. Leopold knelt down and took her in his arms. \"It's alright. Of course you are trying and I am not benunderstanding.\" He stroked her hair and wiped a tear from her eye. Shensmiled up at him and he couldn't help but smile back, \"I think it best ifnyou remain in the cabin tonight, I will have Otis bring you dinner.\" \"Will you stay with me?\" \"As soon as I speak to my uncle and aunt, I promise.\" He managed tonget her up to the bed and helped her lie down, \"Now you will stay put,nuntil I return. I will send Otis over to check on you.\" She smiled sweetly at him, in a very intoxicated way, \"Will you comento bed with me?\" He blushed and kissed her forehead, \"We will speak of this later, nownclose your eyes and rest.\" He covered her up and as when he reached to door, turned to look atnher smiling up at him. It was incredibly tempting, but he was not one tontake advantage of a woman under the influence. In actuality he wasn't onento take advantage of a woman under any circumstances. In the few days henhad experienced 21st century New York, he was well aware that the men Katenwere used to were continually taking advantage of women. It seemed wellnaccepted and common practice, which had alarmed Leopold. He wanted Kate tonexperience what love was all about…honesty, sincerity, romance, respect… itndidn't necessarily mean a roll in the hay…He closed the door behind him andn went to his cabin looking for Otis. He found Otis relaxing with a cup of tea and a book, in his cabin,n\"Master Leopold, I thought you were at dinner.\" \"I need your help, I'm afraid. Kate has managed to acquire a bottlenof champagne and succeeded in emptying the contents in record time. She isnin no state to attend dinner in the dining room, and I will have to conjurenup some kind of tale to my uncle and aunt concerning her absence. I wouldnbe ever so grateful of you could sit with her until I return.\" Otis couldn't look at Leopold. Knowing he was the reason. Leopoldnsensed something right away, \"Otis, what do you know about this?\" \"She insisted. She was feeling very low and I really thought therenwas no harm. I should've consulted you. I am well aware of that.\" \"You acquired the champagne for her?\" He nodded. \"Well, it's water under the bridge now. In future, please let menknow what is going on. Right now, my concern is Kate.\" \"Of course, I will be glad to sit with her.\" They headed over to the cabin and Leopold knocked on the door. Therenwas no answer, but he had left it open. \"Kate,\" he slowly opened the doornand the bed was empty. \"She is gone. Otis, this is a disaster waiting tonhappen. If my uncle sees her in this state, he will have my hide.\" \"Don't you worry, your grace, she couldn't have gotten far. We willnfind her.\" Leopold sighed and rubbed his hand over his face in concern. He didnnot have a good feeling about this at all.[Chapter 10] Kate wandered into the dining room, assuming Leopold would be there.nIt was a glorious room with tables covered in lace tablecloths and finenEnglish china adorning every place setting. Men and women dressed in theirnfinery conversing over a glass of wine surrounded her at every corner.nKate scanned the room feeling light headed, but she knew it meant the worldnto Leopold for her to be there. She couldn't let him down. She shouldn'tnhave had that second glass. How many glasses had she had? Well, it wasnhardly relevant now. She spotted Uncle Millard and made her way to thentable, he immediately stood up. \"Katherine, I am glad you could make it.\" He looked around expectingnto see Leopold but he wasn't there, \"Leopold isn't with you?\" \"I thought he was here.\" Margaret gave her a questioning look as she sat down and practicallynfell off the chair, Kate giggled. \"I guess I didn't judge that one right. So what have I missed?\" Margaret glanced at her husband; it was obvious Kate had beenndrinking. \"For one thing, you are over a half an hour late and Leopold wasnquite concerned. I can't imagine where he is gotten to now.\" Millard looked around the room and towards the entrance of the diningnroom, hoping Leopold would be there. \"Well, until he gets here, we should have a chat. You know, I reallyndon't know a lot about either one of you and if we are going to be livingnunder the same roof, don't you think we should know each other better? AndnI am sure you could give me an insight on Balinor and what to expect. Am Inlikely to run into any of Leopold's old flames? I am rather curious,nactually. I am sure he has had all the local women's hearts a flutteringnat one time or another.\" Millard raised his eyebrows in disgust, \"Katherine, we will not bendiscussing Leopold's past relationships now or at anytime in the future, isnthat perfectly clear.\" \"Don't you think I have a right to know? I am marrying him. Younknow, Millard, you need to loosen up. I really don't get all this, what isnappropriate to say and what isn't. I am not supposed to know about Leopoldnand his past conquests but I am sure he has every right to know aboutnmine.\" She raised her voice and a few people at nearby tables turned tonlook. \"Please, Katherine, lower your voice, this is a private matter thatnthe whole ship doesn't need to overhear.\" Margaret pleaded. She thennlooked at her husband who was ready to burst. She gently put her hand overnhis, in hopes to refrain him from saying anything at all. \"I assume you have quite a colored past, Katherine.\" \"Yes, maybe I do.\" \"And you have not spoken of this past to Leopold? Am I correct?\" \"It hasn't come up, but it doesn't matter to him. Just like his pastndoesn't matter to me. It only matters to you.\" \"I think you might be mistaken, Katherine.\" \"So are you saying that Leopold needs to marry a virgin?\" Margaret gasped and covered her mouth. She quickly looked around tonsee if anyone had heard. A few heads had turned and Margaret had hadnenough. \"That will be enough, I will not have this topic of conversation atnmy table. Both of you are out of line.\" \"Leopold can't possibly expect that…and if he does, does that mean henhasn't been with a woman or is it a double standard for men? It doesn'tnmake any sense. Men are allowed a past, but women have to be pure on theirnwedding day. I know I have heard of this being the case, but I really havena hard time believing it really exists.\" She laughed, \"I really can'tnbelieve it. Please tell me that I am wrong.\" Leopold and Otis entered the dining room and from a distance Leopoldncould see that trouble had already ensued, he quickly headed towards thentable. \"Leopold, once again, I am outraged about the behavior of your futurenwife.\" Kate was looking at him and wondering…was she to be his first…shengiggled. Leopold smiled sweetly at her, \"I am afraid Uncle, that Kate had anlittle too much to drink and she really isn't quite herself. So I willnescort her back to her cabin. I am sure tomorrow you will see an entirelynnew woman.\" \"I have never heard of such a thing, Leopold. It is very unfittingnfor a woman to be drinking alone, let alone getting drunk. This behaviornis appalling.\" \"She was very apprehensive about the journey, it won't happen again.\" \"And what about the embarrassment she continues to cause thisnfamily?\" Kate looked back and forth between Leopold and Millard's faces andnfelt things getting a bit fuzzy, \"Why do you act like I am not even in thenroom? No one here even answers my questions. Hello…I am here, pleasenacknowledge my presence. Thank you very much.\" \"Uncle, we will talk later.\" He managed to get Kate to her and feetnand motioned for Otis to come over and lend him a hand. She looked into Leopold's eyes, \"Are you rescuing me again? You arenvery good at it. Tell me Leopold, what else are you good at?\" She raisednher eyebrows and smiled. Then felt another bout of wooziness and stumbled,nOtis reached her side and managed to hold her up. The dining room had gonensilent and all eyes were on them. \"I think I am going to be sick.\" \"We need to get her out on deck.\" As Leopold and Otis walked her out, the whispers grew and he turnednto the room, \"Nothing to worry about, my fiancé had a little too muchnchampagne, I am sure you all can imagine the apprehensions a new bridenfaces. I am truly sorry, if there has been any inconvenience to yourndining pleasure. In fact, I will arrange for all of you to receive anbottle of champagne, compliments of myself and my family.\" Millard stood up, \"Leopold!\" He was outraged. Leopold throwing awaynmoney like that. \"Uncle, I am sure you have no objections, to making your fellownpassengers enjoy their journey.\" He gave his uncle a look, and put him onnthe spot. The crowd had focused on Millard and he felt he had no choice, \"Ofncourse not, it is the least we can do.\" The crowd continued their meal, chatting about the kindness of thenDuke, and Kate's behavior was put on the back burner for now. As Leopold and Otis headed for the deck, Otis smiled, \"That wasnhandled very well, your grace.\" \"Thank-you, Otis. Now let's get Kate up on deck before we reallynspoil their appetite.\" _____________________________________________________________ Once on deck they held Kate up and managed to have her lean over thenrailing, where instantly she threw up over the side. When she wasnfinished, she held her head up and turned to Leopold. He had anhandkerchief ready and wiped her face, \"Do you feel any better?\" \"I don't think I have ever had anyone stand by my side while I threwnup, well, maybe my mother when I was 6. But mothers are expected to donthat. You are a wonderful man, Leopold.\" Otis cleared his throat, \"I think if my assistance is no longernneeded, your grace, I will retire for the evening.\" \"Very well, Otis. Your assistance was greatly appreciated.\" \"Good Evening, Miss Katherine, and I hope you will feel better in thenmorning. In future may I suggest, a glass of champagne is probablynefficient before dinner. \" She smiled at him; \"I will take that into consideration next time,nThank-you.\" After he left, Leopold was silent. It had been some night. \"You're angry with me. I can tell.\" \"I am not angry. It was actually quite amusing, to see the look onnthe passengers faces. Of course, once again I will be answering to mynuncle and aunt, for your public display. I suppose I should get used tonit.\" \"He winds me up, Leopold. He says things to me that are soncondescending. And then he won't answer my questions. Like you have allnthese secrets, that I will never know about.\" \"You have a lot to learn. I don't want you to change, but you have tonmake an effort with my uncle, for all of our benefits. There are notnsecrets. I will tell you anything you want to know, but not tonight. Younneed to get into bed.\" \"With you.\" He laughed nervously, \"That would only make matters worse, Kate.\" \"Why?\" \"Like I said, you have a lot to learn. We will talk about this innthe morning. When the champagne is no longer affecting your thoughts. \" \"You are just like your uncle, never answering my questions.\" He put his arm around her waist and she leaned on him as they headedntoward her cabin. Leopold was silent. This was going to be a lot hardernthan he ever imagined. ______________________________________________________________ When Leopold finally got Kate into her bed, she was alreadynpractically passed out. He managed to take off her shoes, but he wasnapprehensive about removing her dress. He sat on the edge of the bed fornawhile, and watched her sleep. He ran his fingers through her hair andnstroked her face. It really had been a lot simpler in 2001. He rememberednthe night he had carried her to bed and slept with her in his arms. It wasna memory he cherished, and now everything was complicated. He started tonfeel he really didn't fit into 1876 either. She stirred and turned towardsnhim, \"Leopold, you're still here.\" \"Sleep Kate. Close your eyes.\" \"You'll stay with me?\" \"I don't think that is wise, my uncle is probably awaiting my returnnto my cabin. It's best I face him this evening. But I will stay until younfall asleep.\" She looked disappointed. She began to sit up and immediately feltnwoozy. So she lied back down, with Leopold's help. \"Help me with my dress. It is so uncomfortable. I really don't knownhow women can live like this. But I suppose if they have men like you,nthey could put up with anything.\" \"Don't put me up on a pedestal, Kate.\" He began to unzip the dress, and as she started to slip it off henstood up and turned away from her. \"If I am going to be your wife, you are going to have to get used tonme undressing in front of you. You can peek, it's no big deal.\" \"It is not suitable for a man to see his future wife in hernundergarments or in anyway undressed. You have to understand, Kate, that Inview things quite differently than you. I was raised in a family wherenwomen were respected and cherished. And I will continue to embrace thenvalues I was brought up with. This is something you will have to acceptnabout me, Kate.\" \"You are a virgin.\" She said in surprise. He was silent and she realized truly embarrassed. \"I think it bestnthat I leave you at this time. I assume you will be accompanying me tonbreakfast in the morning. Until then, I hope you sleep well.\" The tone of his voice had changed and he didn't even kiss her beforenhe left, she called his name to stop him, but it was too late. He was outnthe door and she was left alone, with a throbbing headache and a discoverynabout Leopold she wasn't sure how to take. In the 2lst century he would benconsidered an oddity, a freak. What man could last until he was 30 withoutnsex? And even in 1876, she assumed lords and squires and other men in thenupper class were bedding servants or peasants…she had watched enough PBSnhistorical dramas to know that. But Leopold had saved himself for hisnwife, probably something his father had done as well. And it was noble andngallant and incredibly sweet. But also weird. To Kate, sex had been anmajor factor in every relationship she had ever had. She had a fairlynstrong sex drive, or so many boyfriends had told her, and here she wasnfaced with a man who seemed to have none. Her head started to throb andnshe lay back down, she couldn't think about this anymore tonight. Shenclosed her eyes. So much had happened today. She fell asleep thinking ofnLeopold, which wasn't surprising and about what surprises were in store fornher tomorrow.[Chapter 11] Leopold didn't go straight back to his room. He took a stroll out onndeck. It was quiet; passengers were still finishing their dinner and wouldnbe gathering in the ballroom shortly. He hadn't eaten anything and hisnstomach rumbled, but he ignored it. He had hoped he would've beennstrolling the decks with Kate. Gazing at the stars, but it wasn't meant tonbe. He was having doubts. Not doubts about his love for her, becausenthere was no question in his mind how he felt about her. Doubts about hownthey were going to live a life together. Maybe he was naïve in believingnlove was all that mattered. Her careless remarks about his sexuality ornlack of it concerned him. She had made him feel like a fool. He hadnchosen to save himself for the right woman at a very young age. It hadn'tnbeen an easy choice. Millicent had wanted him desperately, and he couldnstill remember the night in the stable when he had been 17, and they hadnbeen roughhousing in the hay. Millicent had been willing, but Leopold knewnthat it could possibly ruin her life. He had no intention of marrying her,nhe knew he wasn't ready but he cared for her deeply. No man would haventaken her for a bride if he had had his way with her. That had only beennthe beginning. Women were constantly throwing themselves on him. He wasnone of the most eligible bachelors in England, and an extremely good catch.n He despised their advances. He found it unlady like and extremelynunattractive. He preferred hiding in his laboratory, and working on hisninventions. He was an oddity. Often being called reclusive. Millard hadneven arranged for a prostitute, on his 2lst birthday. Leopold was moreninterested in finding out about her background and he ended up teaching hernhow to play cards. Now he had found the woman he wanted to spend his wholenlife with, a woman who had a past. Could she ever really be happy with himnand his 19th centuries values? He was beginning to wonder. He was broken from his thoughts by his Aunt Margaret, \"Leopold, Yournuncle has been looking for you.\" \"Well, you found me.\" \"How is Katherine?\" \"Asleep. I want to apologize for her behavior, Aunt Margaret. It wasnout of line and I will make sure it doesn't happen again.\" \"Leopold, don't be too rough on her. I admire her openness. I oftennfeel we could all learn something from her.\" \"She embarrassed you.\" \"She will learn. Just as you are learning.\" He gave her a questioning look. \"I don't know what you mean.\" \"Love isn't as easy as we are led to believe. There will be timesnwhen you question why you married this person, how could you possibly liventhe rest of your life with them. Those are normal thoughts. It won'tnalways be perfect.\" \"It is far from perfect now.\" \"But you love her and you will work through it.\" \"Are there times you regret your decision to marry Uncle Millard?\" \"Many times. But then there are those moments when we are sittingnacross the room from one another and he will glance my way, and he willnhave that twinkle in his eye and he will smile, and I know then that I madenthe right decision. Of course it was different for me, I was chosen to benhis bride. It wasn't my choice, so we had many difficult times at thenbeginning. You, on the other hand, have chosen the woman you want to benwith. It will be a lot easier for you.\" He gave his aunt a hug, \"I hope you are right.\" \"I have no question in my mind, she loves you deeply. You have to benpatient.\" \"I think it's the other way around, aunt. She will have to benpatient with me.\" She was about to question him when Millard stormed onto to the deck,n\"There you are. I was just about to knock down Miss Katherine's cabinndoor, assuming that is where you would be.\" Margaret touched his cheek, \"We will talk in the morning.\" She thennwalked past Millard, \"Please be kind. He is having a rough evening.\" \"And what kind of evening do you think I am having?\" \"I will be waiting, so please don't be long.\" Margaret had alwaysnbeen so forgiving. He watched her leave and wished he could be joiningnher. Leopold turned his back on his uncle and looked out on the dark sea.nIt was ominous but alluring at the same time, and he felt a calm come overnhim. He didn't feel like fighting. \"Are you going to give me an explanation for Katherine's behaviornthis evening?\" \"I have no explanation, Uncle. She had too much champagne and she wasnfeeling apprehensive about the journey. Anything other than that you willnhave to ask her yourself.\" \"This little episode, has not caused you to rethink your marriage tonher?\" \"No, it has not.\" \"And what if I told you she has admitted to a past.\" \"We all have a past, dear uncle.\" \"That is very funny, Leopold.\" He said angrily, \"You know what Inmean?\" \"I do know what you are implying and I am fully aware of it.\" \"That is all you are going to say on the subject? It doesn't concernnyou?\" \"It doesn't concern you, Uncle. It does concern me, yes.\" \"No one has to know, I suppose. She doesn't have a past in England,nunless there is something else she hasn't told us. As long as we keep itnunder the mat, everything should be fine.\" He turned to his Uncle, amazed at his train of thought. \"That is allnyou are concerned about…what people think of you?\" \"I am concerned about you, Leopold? If people should find out, itncould be disastrous for you.\" \"You know I have never been concerned about what people think of me.nI have never done the right thing, or said the right thing in your eyes.nIf I would have, I would have been married years ago, I would have given upnmy aspirations to be an inventor. I would be lord of the manor, with andozen children running around the garden, and I would be sitting back whilenmy dutiful wife bowed and scraped to my every whim. I told you before Inwould give up my title, it isn't important to me.\" \"I will not hear that kind of talk from you.\" \"You would become Duke, uncle. That would suit you.\" Millard was quiet; he had been keeping a secret from Leopold. OnenLeopold was bound to find out at some point, but if he did give up hisntitle, it would be a disaster. He changed his tone, realizing thisndiscussion would just make Leopold more determined. He patted Leopold's back, \"It won't have to come to that I am sure.nWe will get through this together.\" \"And will you be supportive?\" \"I will try.\" Leopold wasn't so sure. \"I don't want to argue you with Uncle. Inhave high aspirations of the life I will make with Kate, and I admit I amnstarting to question a lot of things. I need you to be supportive, notnfighting me every step of the way. I need you to try and make amends withnKate. It is going to be difficult enough as it is once we arrive atnBalinor. Otis has informed me Edgar is back from England. Had you heardnthis news?\" Millard was shocked. If he had known of Edgar's return, he wouldnnever have agreed on returning to England. \"Uncle, obviously this is news to you. And you aren't pleased.\" \"He is trouble, Leopold.\" \"I know exactly what he is\" Millard looked concerned, Leopold had nonidea what he was. \"But I am hoping that he has grown up and he can bencivil. Otis seems to think he will cause problems for Kate. It is in hisnnature to hurt and destroy anyone who I have ever cared about.\" \"I am sure you are right about his growing up. We must give him thenbenefit of the doubt. But it might be wise, to warn Katherine about him.\" Leopold continued to look at Millard with concern. Something wasnwrong. He was acting peculiar. What was it about Edgar that had him soninfuriated? Leopold would find out soon enough. \"Uncle, I really think I will retire for the evening. And I knownAunt Margaret is waiting for you.\" The way he said it, there was sadnessnin his voice. \"Maybe you shouldn't be alone. Go into the ballroom, have a waltznwith a few elderly matrons…\" Leopold smiled, \"Elderly matrons?\" \"Well, they would definitely take your mind off thoughts ofnKatherine.\" \"I think another night.\" \"Aunt Margaret was fairly sure you would be in Katherine's cabin thisnevening.\" \"I was. Briefly. You don't have to worry; I will not make anspectacle of myself. You probably have visions of me coming and going fromnher cabin at all hours. Only because that is what you would've done in mynshoes.\" \"Leopold, really.\" \"I have remained a gentleman, and I plan on remaining a gentlemanndespite the temptations I am being faced with. You can be assured of that.nI am sorry to disappoint you, Uncle.\" \"I am not disappointed.\" \"You cannot fathom my honor. You have always been disturbed by thenfact that I am not like you.\" \"You are like your father, Leopold. He was always true to his heartnand stood by what he valued. He would be proud. I am proud of you. I amnproud you have stuck by your convictions and you will make a good husband.nBetter than I could ever be.\" \"Don't underestimate yourself, Uncle. Aunt Margaret loves youndespite your hotheaded temper. She accepts your flaws. I am hoping Katenwill accept mine. Goodnight, uncle.\" The following morning a storm was just beginning. Everyone seemed tonbe staying put in their cabins, but it didn't faze Leopold. The rockingnmotion of the boat was something he accepted and he carried on the day,nlike he would have done if there hadn't been a storm. Margaret joined himnfor breakfast. \"Isn't Uncle Millard joining us for breakfast?\" \"He really does not like the rocking. He is lying in bed and hopingnit will go away. He can be such a big baby. And I did go check onnKatherine.\" He looked up surprised, \"And..\" \"She is suffering from the effects of the champagne and the rockingnof the ship is not helping matters. She plans on staying in bed thisnmorning. I told her I would come and see how she was later. I amnsurprised, Leopold, that you didn't check on her yourself.\" \" I was going to after breakfast. But now that I know she is fine, Inwill let her rest.\" \"You are avoiding her.\" He buttered a piece of toast and looked innocently at his aunt, \"I amndoing no such thing.\" He took a bite. \"Well, whatever took place between the two of you has to be settled.nDo not leave it to long.\" \"Did she say something to you?\" \"No. Leopold, won't you confide in me. I might be able to help.\" \"No, this is something I will have to deal with on my own. I justnneed some time.\" \"Does it have anything to do with Millicent and the news she andnEdgar are back in England?\" \"I wish it was as simple as that, Aunt.\" \"So how do you feel about their return to Westlake?\" \"Mixed feelings, I'm afraid. I am anxious to see Millicent again. Onnthe other hand, seeing Edgar again is not something I am looking forward tonone bit. And how do you feel about it?\" \"I always loved Millicent. She was such a pleasant child, and Incould not believe that she would ever consider marrying Edgar. I hope henhasn't taken away her spirit. She was always so lively. I remember thentwo of you riding horses and chasing each other through the garden. Inwould have loved to have seen the two of you married.\" \"Aunt Margaret…\" \"I know it is ludicrous for me to even dwell on such things. Whatnis past is past. She married Edgar, they have a beautiful bonny daughter Inam told and expecting another. I am truly hoping she is happy and thatnEdgar has been good to her.\" \"I know what you are thinking, she married Edgar because I was notnready to make a commitment. I was still a boy, Aunt Margaret. I wasnhardly ready to make the leap into marriage. And I really do not believenshe was ready either but she accepted Edgar's proposal, there really wasn'tnanything I could do. I know Edgar always fancied her and even though Infind his manner arrogant and crude, he deeply cared about her. I have tonbelieve he has been good to her.\" \"Well, we will soon find out won't we.\" She took a sip of her tea. Leopold was deep in thought. He had bad feelings about the state henwould find Millicent in and deep down he felt responsible. He hadnbasically thrown her into Edgar's arms and he had never felt good aboutnthat at all. But right now, there were other things on his mind. He hadnnot forgotten the scene in Kate's cabin and the tone in her voice. And itnhad replayed in his head over and over. Margaret was right, he needed tonsettle this with Kate. He needed to find out what she really felt, and hownthey were going get through this time together. Right now they seemed tonhave separate thoughts and desires, and he wondered if they really couldnhave a life together. Kate had fallen back to sleep after Margaret had checked on her. Andnwhen she finally woke up the storm was still raging outside her cabin. Thenrain hitting the side of the ship was extremely loud and she wondered hownshe had slept through it. She had no idea of the time, since she didn'tnhave a watch and since the cabins were below deck there was no porthole.nHer head was still throbbing but she was hungry, so she managed to put onnone of the day dresses that had been made for her, and decided to make hernway up on deck, no matter how bad she felt. Last night was a blur to her,nshe remembered Leopold being in her room, but not much else. The emptynbottle of champagne sat on the dresser and she rolled her eyes. What hadnshe been thinking when she did that? It was an unsteady walk up to the dining room, with the boat rocking.n And it was very quiet. She saw waiters setting tables and even though shenwas not up on the table settings of this time, she assumed they werenpreparing for dinner, since the tablecloths seemed fancier. She thennnoticed the clock on the wall…5:30. She had slept the whole day. A waiternapproached her, \"Can I help you, Miss? I am afraid you are a bit early for dinner.\" \"I missed lunch. Is there anyway I could have a sandwich or a piecenof fruit. Anything.\" \"It is strictly against regulations, Miss, but I will see what I canndo.\" \"Thank-you.\" He wasn't gone long and came back with a napkin, tied like a parcel,n\"Bread and cheese. I hope that will be sufficient.\" She gave him a kiss on the cheek, \"You are life saver.\" He blushed, not used to ladies kissing him. She went back down to her room and stopped at the door, gazing downnthe hallway towards Leopold's room. She knew that it was inappropriate tonvisit a gentleman's room, but she hadn't seem him all day. So she decidednto risk it and found herself knocking on his door. Otis opened the door, \"Miss Katherine\" He seemed surprised. \"Leopold isn't here I take it.\" He was silent and then she heard his voice from behind the door,n\"It's alright, Otis. You can let her in.\" He opened the door, to reveal Leopold sitting at a table with anchessboard in front of him, contemplating a move. He didn't even look upnat her. \"You're playing chess.\" \"Very observant, Kate.\" He said sarcastically. Otis decided henshould excuse himself. \"We can finish the game later, your grace.\" \"Maybe I would like to finish the game now.\" Otis and Kate exchanged glances. \"I am sorry I interrupted. I willnsee you at dinner.\" She started to head out the door, and was about ready to cry. When henspoke. \"No, No, No…stay. I have no reason to snap at you. That wasnuncalled for. I didn't sleep well last night, and I shouldn't be taking itnout on you.\" He motioned for Otis to leave, and Leopold finally looked up at her.nShe looked vulnerable, and he could tell on the verge of tears. He stoodnup and moved towards her. Part of him wanted to take her in his arms butnthe part was angry and wanted nothing to do with her. \"Whatever I did, I am sorry.\" \"You don't remember a thing about last night?\" \"It is a blur, I'm afraid. Do you want to fill me on? Did I put mynfoot in my mouth again? Oh, Leopold, I am not very good at the 1876 thing.n\" He took her in his arms and wiped the tear from her cheek, \"You arendoing fine. I think it might be a good idea if Otis and myself gave younsome tips. Just a few things to help you get by with everydaynoccurrences.\" He couldn't bring himself to even mention last night. \"That sounds like a good idea. I just don't want you to be mad and Indon't want to do anything else to embarrass you and your family.\" Leopold noticed the napkin, \"What's this?\" \"Lunch. I slept all day, and I am starving.\" \"Come sit down, I will pour you a cup of tea.\" She sat on the love seat and unfolded the napkin in her lap, shenravenous and tore of chunks of bread stuffing them into her mouth. Leopoldnset a cup of tea on the table and started to laugh, \"You were hungry.\" \" I know not very ladylike. I will use the right fork at dinner, andnonly speak when I am spoken to.\" \"You don't have to go that far.\" \"Are you going to tell me what I did last night? \"You finished off a bottle of champagne on your own.\" \"I remember that much.\" \"You and Millard had it out once again in the dining room.\" \"Oh, my god, what did I say.\" \"I wasn't there, I don't know, but Millard was extremely appalled bynyour behavior. Otis and myself managed to get you out to the deck beforenyou were sick. I put you to bed, and that's about it.\" He was quiet andnshe looked at him. \"You are leaving something out.\" \"It's not important and it can wait. Dinner is in a half hour.\" Henlooked at his pocket watch, \"And I need to get changed, as well do you.\" He stood up and offered his hand to her. She took it, all the whilenlooking into his eyes, seeing something hidden behind them. He kissed herncheek, \"Let's forget about the events of last evening, and start afreshntonight.\" \"It's a deal.\" She kissed his lips. \"So is it really naughty for mento be in here?\" \"Yes, extremely naughty. Gossip travels fast. This is not a bignship, and everyone knows everyone's business.\" \"They would think you were having your way with me.\" \"I suppose they would.\" He turned silent again. \"I am making you uncomfortable, aren't I?\" \"This isn't the time to discuss this, Kate, I will escort you to yournroom now.\" He was silent all the way back to her room and as he walked away, shenwatched after him. Did she come on to him last night; was that what thisnwas all about? Whatever it was, he was in a right state about it. Beingnvery abrupt with her and distant. She decided to leave it for the timenbeing. It was best for her not to press him, he would talk about it whennhe was ready. Kate was hoping he wouldn't wait to long, she hated thenawkward silence between them. She wanted it to be like it was in 2001. Itnwasn't as complicated. He had warmed up to her, and now there was distancenbetween them. A distance she couldn't bear.[Chapter 12] The evening went surprisingly well. After the commotion from thennight before Millard and Margaret were apprehensive and waiting fornsomething to occur, but Kate managed to be the perfect lady at dinner andnLeopold once again found himself enchanted by her. Millard watchednintently as the two of them seemed oblivious to everything and everyonenaround them. Not a lot was said, but it didn't have to be. Leopold knewnKate was trying to make up for the night before. She made small talk aboutnthe storm, the place settings, the food and her anticipation of arriving innEngland. Margaret was pleased to see Leopold smiling again, and assumednwhatever had transpired between them last night had been settled. Afterndinner they joined other passengers in the ballroom, where a string quartetnwas playing, and Leopold persuaded to Kate to join him on the dance floor. As they waltzed around the room, all eyes were on them. Kate noticednwhispering and she smiled. There were many beautiful women in the room andnLeopold totally ignored them. He had chosen her. She looked up into hisneyes. He was looking at her and she felt his gaze penetrate her soul. Henhad this way about him. \"Thank you.\" She looked confused, \"Thank-you for what?\" \"I know that it was difficult for you at dinner.\" \"Actually, it wasn't that difficult. I find your Aunt charming, andneven though your Uncle and I have gotten off on the wrong foot, he is anninteresting character. I want your family to like me.\" \"They don't have to like you. I am the one who is marrying you, butnI do appreciate the effort you are making on my behalf.\" \"I am doing this for me as well. I am going to a foreign country inna different time, where I know absolutely no one. I can't always rely onnyou for my soul companionship.\" \"It must be extremely difficult for you. You miss your family andnfriends.\" \"And I now have acquired a new family and I will make new friends.nIt will be an interesting adventure to say the least. Leopold, you have tonstop worrying about me. I see it in your face every time I look at you.nAnd you have to start being honest with me. You were always honest with menin the future. Here you seem distant and I can't read what you arenthinking or feeling.\" \"I have a lot on my mind.\" He became distant again and turned hisneyes away from her as they waltzed around the room. She took her hand off his shoulder and pulled his face towards her,n\"You are doing it again. Do you think maybe we should talk?\" \"Yes, I suppose that would be a wise thing to do.\" \"Okay, do you want to talk now?\" \"I do not feel this would be the suitable time. I am enjoying thisnchance of holding you in my arms, and shutting out the world outside.\" She smiled at him and brushed her lips gently against his cheek, \"Indefinitely like the idea of shutting the world out, but I don't know hownyou can do that here. They are all staring, just look around you.\" \"I'd rather not. I am enjoying the view I have at the moment. Letnthem gawk and stare, I am oblivious to them as long as I am with you.\" \"You are avoiding the subject, Leopold. We really have to talk.nSometimes you act like this is a fairy tale, and everything bad will justngo away. I am grateful you are so forgiving, but you act like nothingnhappened last night, and I know something did. Stop pretending everythingnis fine. I am sorry, Leopold, but I am a realist and I believe we have tonface our problems head on, not run away from them.\" Leopold scowled at her. \"Why do you have to spoil a perfectlynwonderful evening?\" \"This is not my fault.\" Kate was surprised at his reaction.n\"Leopold, what is going on? Please talk to me.\" He let go of her andnstormed out of the ballroom, all eyes on him. Margaret sensed something wasnwrong and walked over to Kate, taking her by the arm. \"Come on my dear, let's find someplace to sit down.\" \"I don't know what's wrong with him. One minute he acts likeneverything is wonderful and the next he is distant and angry. And he won'tntalk to me.\" \"Give him sometime, Katherine. Leopold is much more complex than henlets on.\" They walked out of the ballroom and found a loveseat in the corridor.n Kate was ready to cry, but she took a deep breath and closed her eyes.nHolding back tears. \"I don't know anything about him really. What was I thinking? Hentalked about taking the leap and I did, and now I look at him and he seemsnto have doubts and where does that leave me?\" \"He has a lot on his mind.\" \"That is exactly what he said. And what does that mean?\" \"His concern about the family fortune and returning to England hasndefinitely been troubling him.\" \"He wanted to return to England.\" \"Yes, that is true, but he is bound to have some apprehensions. Andnthe wedding, of course men don't want to admit it, but they tend to havennervous tendencies as well about these things. And of course there is thenaccident.\" \"The accident? What accident?\" \"Leopold hasn't told you about his parents death?\" Margaret seemed anbit surprised. It was obvious Kate knew nothing about it. \"I am surenLeopold was thinking of your best interests, when he refrained from tellingnyou. He knew of the anxieties you were experiencing about the crossing.\" \"What happened to his parents?\" \"There was a boating accident, when Leopold was 7. They werentraveling to India. Leopold and his governess stayed behind, becausenLeopold was recovering from a bout of pneumonia. He was ill for a verynlong time, and his mother wouldn't leave his side, but he was a very strongnwilled boy and he fought the illness. When he was on the verge ofnrecovery, the Duke was called away to India, and the whole family was tongo. The day before they were to set sail, the doctor said Leopoldnshouldn't be traveling. He needed a few more weeks, bed rest. Leopold wasnto remain in England with his governess until he was well enough to travel.n Then they would reunite with them in India. That was never to be. A weekninto the voyage there was a fire on board, the Duke and Duchess were asleepnin their cabin, they were trapped.\" Kate covered her mouth, \"Oh, my god, that's horrible.\" \"He had nightmares for months. He had a fear of water for anlongtime. He never says anything, but I can see a look in his eyes,nwhenever he is on or near a ship. He thinks of them often.\" \"I wish he would've told me.\" \"I am sure he was going to. Katherine, have some faith in him. Henis a good, honorable man, but a bachelor for a very long time. He hasnnever been in love, women are still very a much a mystery to him.\" Leopold had reappeared and heard her last words, clearing his throat.n They both turned to see him standing in the doorway. Margaret stood up, \"I will leave you two alone.\" She patted Leopold'sncheek as she walked past him and he managed a smile. He took Margaret's seat next to Kate, and took hold of her hand,n\"Aunt Margaret is a wise woman.\" \"You stormed out of the ballroom, leaving me standing there alone.nThis isn't something you would normally do, but something I would do. Indon't understand.\" \"I am not so sure I can explain my behavior, but I want to apologizenfor it. I am on edge about many things, one of them being my lack ofnexperience with women.\" She looked at him and he had turned his head away ashamed. \"Leopold, I saw women's reaction to you in the future and I see itnhere. They adore you. You are every woman's dream. Handsome, kind,nsensitive, affectionate. You treat women with respect. You know how tontreat a lady, which most men never even grasp their whole life. Younshouldn't be feeling on edge concerning that at all.\" He was quiet, and slowing turned his head meeting her gaze, \"That isnnot exactly what I meant.\" He seemed embarrassed. \"The experience I amnlacking is one that traditionally takes place in the bedroom.\" She nervously smiled and held back laughter. \"You are laughing at me. So you see, I have every reason to feel onnedge about this matter. If my own fiancé finds it amusing.\" \"Leopold, I am sorry. It's just the way you said it. It isn't funnynand I am not laughing at you.\" She squeezed his hand, \"It is incrediblynromantic. Saving yourself for your wedding night. I really didn't thinknthese things actually occurred. I thought lords were forever having anquick one under the staircase or in the stables with their servants. Innever really believed a gentleman could exist.\" Leopold looked at her outraged, \"Well, they do exist and I am one.nAnd for your information I have never taken advantage of any of my servantsnin that matter or in any other manner.\" She smiled at him, \"Okay, okay, I am not saying you did. Of coursenyou wouldn't, I know that much about you. But I assumed there were women innyour past, a childhood sweetheart or something.\" \"You find me a freak.\" \"Stop being so defensive. This obviously bothers you, more than me.nI don't find you a freak at all. You are a breath of fresh air, comparednto most of the men I have had relationships in the past.\" \"My uncle refers to you as a woman with a colored past.\" She laughed, \"Hardly, I can count on both hands how many men I havenbeen with. I have known women who had a different man ever week. I have anpretty average past, compared to most women my age. Stuart was the last,nand that was 3 months ago. I am not some wild charlatan, like your unclenwould like you to believe. Obviously I said something last night, whichnoffended you. Did I come on to you when I was drunk?\" \"You made innuendos, that I found flattering, but uncomfortablenwith.\" \"You are going to be my husband, Leopold, whatever I said was notnmeant to make you feel uncomfortable. I am flattered I will be your first,nit feels a bit strange…but I can deal with it.\" \"You will compare me with your previous lovers and I will not meet upnto your expectations.\" \"Now that is a bunch of bullshit, first of all you are incomparable.nI wouldn't compare you to any of them, there is no way. You have qualitiesnnone of them possessed. Sincerity, Tenderness, Respect…I could go on andnon. Second of all, none of them were that great. And what's to say I won'tnmeet up to your expectations.\" \"I think that is highly improbable.\" He blushed, contemplating thensituation. She smiled at him, \"So you think about me in bed? That is verynnormal Leopold. I don't think you have anything to be worried about it.\" \"You are not offended that I have not made an advance upon you?\" \"Of course not. I find it very sweet. I love you the way you are. Incan wait till our wedding night. You have to understand, 21st centurynAmericans are always talking about sex, it's in our nature and in a lot ofncases it's a front. It doesn't mean we really want to hop in bed with thennext guy. Of course, as far as men go, it is often the case. They can'tncontrol their raging hormones, but for me and a lot of other women, we wantnmore. We go along with the sex, because we think that special chemistrynwill happen and he'll sweep us off our feet, and the romance and everythingnelse will come along with it. And more often than not, it doesn't. Withnyou, everything has come first. Everything that is really important. Inhave learnt that from you, Leopold. I have learnt more from you in thenpast 2 weeks, than I have learnt from any man in my life.\" He leaned towards her and tenderly kissed her, she could tell she hadnput his mind at ease and she felt relieved. He gazed longingly into herneyes, \"I am glad we had this talk.\" \"I am too. You have to promise me, that we will always be honestnwith each other. I don't care about the fact you are English and royaltynand what should and shouldn't be said.\" \"I promise.\" \"Alright, now we have that sorted, tell me what else is troublingnyou?\" \"What has Aunt Margaret been telling you?\" \"You promised to be honest with me, Leopold.\" \"I suppose I do have some apprehension of our arrival in England. Inwas informed that my neighbor has returned from India. Edgar and I havenlong been rivals and he is known for causing trouble. I don't trust him,nKate, and I am afraid he will try and make our life as unpleasant as henpossibly can.\" \"And how can he do that?\" \"Edgar will find a way.\" \"Does he have anything to do with your families financialndifficulties?\" \"No, of course not. When my father died, there were a lot of debts.nUncle Millard has always managed that side of things.\" \"Did you ever consider, Uncle Millard the reason your family isnindebt and not your father? You were a child when he died, you couldn'tnhave possibly known what was going on.\" \"That is utterly absurd, Kate. Uncle Millard wouldn't be carelessnwith his and Aunt Margaret's security.\" \"Just a thought.\" She decided to change the subject, \"So tell menmore about the evil Edgar.\" \"This is serious, Kate.\" \"He sounds like someone out of a Jane Eyre novel.\" \"Actually worse, but there is one consolation. He is married to anwonderful girl, Millicent. Of course I haven't seen her in 10 years, and Inhope Edgar hasn't molded her into a typical squire's wife. She was alwaysna lively, energetic young woman, with a lot of spunk. Much like yourself.\"n She noticed a faraway look in his eye. \"You said you were never in love.\" \"I wasn't in love with her, but we were very close as children. I amnanxious for you to meet her.\" \"Why did she marry the evil Edgar, if she is so sweet and wonderful?\" \"We are being honest, so I must tell you the truth. I wouldn't marrynher. It was semi arranged between Uncle Millard and Millicent's parents,nbut I felt I was too young and I wasn't in love with her. I am afraid Inbroke her heart, because she was in love with me. Edgar picked up thenpieces and they were married within months of her 18 birthday.\" \"That is pretty drastic. Trying to get back at you by marrying yournrival. This is great stuff, Leopold.\" \"Kate, this isn't some script for one of your motion pictures, thisnis real life.\" \"I am sorry, I didn't mean it that way.\" \"You are forgiven. Have you now satisfied your curiosity about mynanxieties and can we have another dance around the ballroom?\" He looked atnher pleadingly. \"One more thing, why didn't you ever tell me about your parents?\" \"I am amazed how much was said between you and my aunt within such anshort period of time.\" \"Don't you know by now, women don't waste anytime with pleasantries,nLeopold. We get down to the nitty gritty right away.\" \"Nitty Gritty..interesting terminology.\" \"If you don't want to talk about your parents, I will understand.nMargaret said you felt if I knew, it might have caused me more anxietynabout boarding this ship.\" \"That is correct. I wasn't keeping a secret from you. I was oncenafraid to go anywhere near water because of their tragic demise.nNightmares haunted me for years. Of course I was very young, but I finallynfaced my fears and haven't looked back. What happened to them was annaccident. A Tragic accident, but through all of my research I know I havennothing to fear when I board a ship, or a train…accidents can happen, butnthese vessels are safe. As safe as they can be for this day and age.nObviously since being in your time, and how much the industrial age hasnadvanced, I see how many improvements can be made. But for now, it isnsafe.\" \"I know. I trust you. You will tell me about them one day, won'tnyou?\" \"Of course. I would enjoy that very much. When you are at Balinor,nthere are many portraits of them throughout the house and many things thatnbelonged to them. Of course they are just things, my mother's ring, the onenyou are wearing…\" He picked up her hand and rubbed his finger over it, \"Isnthe only thing that really had any significant value to me. My father gavenit my mother when he asked her to marry him. She never took it off, butnbefore their trip she had an accident and cut herself on a piece of cutnglass and her she wasn't able to wear it. She gave it to me to look afternand told me if I ever felt sad and lonely, that it would remind me that Inwas always in her thoughts and that she loved me very much.\" He thought ofnthat afternoon, before his parents took the carriage to the docks and hisnmother taking him in her arms. It was the last time he would ever see her,nand he felt a tear come to his eye. He quickly snapped out of it and stoodnup, offering his arm to Kate, \"And now that dance you promised me.\" Kate knew there was still a lot to learn about him, but she wasnpleased that the evening had been so productive and he was much morenhimself. She smiled and took his arm and they made their way back into thenballroom, where they once again became lost in the music and each other'sncompany.[Chapter 13] The days seemed to be running into one another and Kate and Leopoldnhad lost all track of time. They were rarely apart. After breakfast theynwould stroll around the deck arm and arm. They were oblivious to the othernpassengers who often whispered as they walked past. Leopold and Otis spentnthe late morning hours teaching Kate proper English etiquette, by lunch shenhad usually had enough and was anxious to get away from both of them.nAfter lunch they would sit in the ship's library. Leopold introduced Katento poets such as Tennyson and Elliot, and authors such as Dickens, thenBronte sisters and Jane Austin. They were often found sitting in a quietncorner, Leopold engrossed in a book, Kate asleep, her head on his shoulder.n The nights were filled with food, wine and dancing and a late night strollnon deck. Kate found she was falling into the rhythm of this quiet lifeneasier than she expected. Thoughts of Charlie often crept into her mind,nbut her life as a marketing researcher was almost as if it never existed.nOtis noticed the calming effect Kate had on Leopold and the chemistrynbetween them was evident. He was pleased that Leopold had finally found hisnmatch and was settling down. But Otis also had a niggling feeling; thisnwas too good to be true. Things were bound to be less calm when they setnfoot on English soil, which was very soon indeed. Leopold was known to wake before dawn. He often had a brilliant ideanand would take his sketchbook on deck and sketch out ideas and inventionsnwhile watching the sunrise. He loved the peace and quiet of the earlynmornings, with nothing but the sea for miles and miles. He looked up fromnhis drawing and realized he could see something on the horizon. Henimmediately stood up and leaned on the railing, could it actually be land?nHe had lost all track of time and was unaware how many days they had beennat sea, could it have already been a fortnight? He thought to himself. Andeckhand walked past him, \"Excuse me, sir, but I am to assume what I am looking at on thenhorizon is England?\" \"Oh, yes, sir, that is England alright. We should be docking innLiverpool after lunch sometime.\" Leopold contained his excitement, and headed down to the cabins,ntapping on Kate's door. He heard mumbles from inside. He tried to benquiet, and whisper \"Kate, wake up, it is of utmost importance you join menout on deck.\" She called from inside, \"Go away. It is too early\" \"I will not go away. I will continue to cause a racket out here andnwake up the whole ship, if need be.\" The door slowly opened and Kate was in a nightgown rubbing her eyes,n\"You are not dressed.\" \"Of course I am not dressed. I was in bed, asleep. Have you heardnof sleep, Leopold? Obviously, you need very little, but I on the othernhand need a lot. What is so important?\" She looked at him immaculatelyndressed, every hair in place, and they had been up dancing very late lastnnight. It was incredible how good he looked. \"You must accompanying me on deck.\" \"I must. Why?\" \"Just get dressed, please.\" He was now looking at her with pleadingnin his eyes, like a hurt puppy dog. \"I will put on my robe.\" He raised his eyebrows, \"What if someone should see you?\" \"I don't think anyone will see me. All the sane passengers are stillnin bed…SLEEPING. And that's what I plan to do once you show me this allnimportant occurrence happening on deck at this ungodly hour.\" She went tonthe closet door and put on her dressing gown and a pair of slippers.nLeopold was smiling triumphantly as she walked past him out the door. \"Do you always get your way?\" \"The vast majority of time, yes.\" He took hold of her hand, something he normally didn't do in public,nand brought it towards his lips, kissing it gently. \"You won't bendisappointed.\" \"I better not be.\" Once they reached the deck, she leaned on the railing, \"I see nothingnbut miles and miles of the Atlantic ocean. Leopold, this is nothing new ornexciting.\" \"Look closer, towards the horizon.\" She squinted, the sun just coming up in her eyes. And she saw whatnhe was talking about it. It had been so long since she had seen any kindnof land, \"Is that England?\" \"It is. We are to arrive in Liverpool shortly after lunch.\" She turned around and hugged him, \"I can't believe we are finallynhere. I have lost all track of time.\" \"As have I. We have been both been pre-occupied as of late.\" Henleaned down and kissed her and realized she was shivering. He promptlynremoved his coat and draped it over her. She leaned against him, his armsnaround her waist, and they both looked out over the ocean to the firstnglimpse of England. Leopold thought to himself how wonderful it was to bensharing this with someone. It really made all the difference in the world.nHis lonely recluse life was coming to an end. Kate would always be therento share in everything, and that gave him a warm feeling inside. Hensqueezed her a little tighter and smiled contently. ************************************************************************ The Great Britain II docked in Liverpool shortly after lunch.nFrantically passengers and crew hustled about, and Kate watched in ayeneverything going on around her. Leopold had already disembarked with Otisnto make sure their belongings were properly loaded onto the cart that wouldnbe taking them to Balinor. Normally a man in Leopold's position would havenallowed his manservant to make all the preparations, but Leopold was hardlynnormal. He wanted to be involved and was often found doing menial labornjust because he felt like it. Margaret joined Kate on deck, \"So we havenfinally made it, not the finest first impression of a country, grant you.\" The Docklands area was rather rough and Kate could see for herself,nhow it disgusted Margaret. Obscenities were being shouted, a fight hadnalready occurred and everything looked very dirty and muddy. Kate thoughtnof similar scenes she had witnessed out the fire escape of her New Yorknapartment. The only thing different was the clothing and the accents. \"I really don't mind. It is all very fascinating and colorful.\" Shenwanted to say like something out of a movie, and bit her tongue. Margaretnwould surely not understand that comment. \"Leopold painted a fantasticnpicture of it in my mind actually. It really is how I imagined it and hensaid the journey to Balinor through the countryside is breathtaking.\" \"I am afraid Leopold tends to paint everything like a rose. It is anlong journey, and the roads are rough and can be uncomfortable. I am surenhe has forgotten to mention that.\" Margaret was right. Leopold often pointed out the good things andnfailed to mention the negative. \"He sees the good in everything. I loventhat quality about him.\" As she said this, she heard her name being called from below, \"Kate\" She looked down onto the crowd of people, and found Leopold smilingnup at her and waving. Margaret sighed, \"Thank god his Uncle is not witnessing thisnoccurrence. He would be once again outraged at Leopold's behavior innpublic, and his insistence on helping with the baggage is something Millardnwould strongly disapprove of.\" Kate smiled back down at him and waved. She felt proud of him atnthat moment, knowing that he was rebelling against his status of Duke andnwhat was expected of him. \"I won't be a moment, Kate.\" He shouted up to her. Millard strolled up behind her and Margaret, \"Ladies, everythingnseems to be in order for our journey. Where is Leopold?\" Kate turned to face him smiling. Millard could tell she was hidingnsomething. He then looked at Margaret, who had glanced at Kate. Margaretnsmiled at Kate, and he knew something was going on, \"Margaret, what isngoing on here?\" \"Why nothing, Millard, Katherine and myself were just finding thenantics down below rather amusing. Weren't we, Katherine?\" \"Oh, yes, amusing.\" \"This does not answer my question, on the whereabouts of my nephew.\" \"Oh, you know, Leopold, he is probably supervising Otis. No harm innthat, Millard.\" \"There is plenty of harm in that, Margaret. There are photographersnand journalists from the Times down there. Sent to take photographs of thenDuke with his intended. The last thing this family needs is to have himnseen loading his own baggage onto a cart.\" \"Leopold is discreet, Millard. I am sure you are fretting fornnothing.\" As soon as she said this, he showed up behind Millard. \"Uncle, you were looking for me?\" Millard turned around and noticed Leopold's white britches mudnstained and his tie crooked, \"You are hardly presentable in your presentnstate, Leopold and the press is awaiting to take your photograph with MissnMcKay.\" \"It's a little mud, that won't even show up in a photograph, Uncle.\"nMillard moved towards him and straightened his tie. Leopold slapped his hand, and straightened it himself. \"The Britishnpress will have to accept me the way I am, mud and all.\" He held his armnout for Kate, \"Shall we?\" \"Is a photograph really necessary?\" She took his arm and he smiled sweetly at her, \"You look beautiful.\" \"You make me feel beautiful.\" \"Then I am doing something right, even if I have mud on my trousers.\" \"Yes, you are definitely doing something right.\" Millard rolled his eyes looking at his wife as Kate and Leopoldnwalked ahead of them towards the gangplank, \"Have you ever heard anythingnso ridiculous, the way those two carry on?\" \"It is very sweet. Leopold knows how to treat a lady. You couldnlearn a thing or two from your nephew.\" \"And what in god's name is that suppose to mean? Are you insinuatingnthat I do not know how to treat a lady?\" \"When was the last time you told me I was beautiful?\" \"Margaret, this is ridiculous.\" \"I don't think it is. Excuse me, I have a carriage to catch.\" And instead of waiting to walk with him she proceeded down thengangplank on her own. The photographer managed to snap a few photographs and a fewnquestions were thrown out about Kate's lineage, Leopold quickly whisked hernaway to the carriage, Otis was waiting and helped her up. It was directlynout of a PBS drama, and as she looked down at the road beneath her she nownunderstood what Margaret had been saying about how uncomfortable the ridenwould be, \"Leopold, how long will it take to get to Balinor?\" \"Oh, we won't arrive till tomorrow. We will stay overnight at myngreat aunt's home in Leicestershire. It's very comfortable and we willnneed the rest for the long journey in the morning.\" He took hold of hernhand as he sat next to her in the carriage, Noticing the look on her face, \"You managed to make it across the AtlanticnOcean, Kate. I promise I will get you to Balinor all in one piece.\" \"England is a small country, I never thought it would take so long tontravel across it.\" \"Ah, it would be wonderful to have a limousine drive us to Sussex,nnow wouldn't it. That is a luxury, that one could get use to very quickly.n But, the motor car has not been invented yet and we will make do.\" She still found his speaking charming, and she couldn't help butnsmile, \"What are you smiling about?\" \"You are absolutely right, we will have to make do.\" \"You find my choice of words amusing?\" \"I find them charming, just like I find you.\" Margaret stepped into the carriage just as Leopold and Kate werenkissing, and she felt awkward and embarrassed, clearing her throat. Leopold pulled away from her blushing, \"And now where's UnclenMillard?\" \"As far as I am concerned we can leave him here in Liverpool.\" \"You have had an argument.\" \"No, not an argument. I do believe there is not one bit of romancenleft in that man and it infuriates me beyond belief. I don't know why Input up with it.\" Before another word could be said the carriage door opened andnMillard stepped in holding a small bouquet of flowers and handing them tonMargaret, she covered her mouth surprised. \"Millard, they are beautiful.\" \"Not half as beautiful as you my dear.\" Leopold and Kate smiled at each other. Kate couldn't help but titterna bit and Millard turned and looked at both of them, Leopold quickly made anserious expression and Kate followed suit, \"Lovely gesture, Uncle. Thenflowers are indeed beautiful.\" Millard was embarrassed and leaned out the window, \"Driver, let's benon our way.\" Margaret took his arm and squeezed it. All was forgiven. The coach headed down the road and Kate looked out the window at thenshops that lined the streets, and marveled at all the people, she turned tonLeopold, \"And just think the Beatles were born here.\" He looked at her quizzically, \"The Beatles?\" She whispered in his ear so Margaret and Millard couldn't hear, \"Onlynthe greatest rock n roll band that ever existed. Huge.\" \"The greatest rock n roll band came from Liverpool? That seemsnhighly unlikely.\" \"It is fact.\" \"I listened to some of Stuart's music, and I have a hard timenbelieving that anyone in Liverpool, or anyone from England for that matter,ncould make such noise. Americans, yes. They have that capability.\" \"Just because you are Duke of Albany, you don't know everything. AndnI don't think I like the fact that you are saying American's are loud andnobnoxious.\" \"I do know that I am about to marry the most incredible woman on thisnearth.\" \"You are changing the subject.\" He put his finger up to her lips, \"Maybe so. We have a long journeynahead of us, and in these cramped quarters, I think to proceed in arguingnabout something so trivial, is not a wise idea. And I am sure my uncle andnaunt would agree.\" He looked over at them and they were oblivious to him,nwhich he found surprising, smiling sweetly at one another and talkingnamongst themselves. He turned back to Kate, \"I can't believe I am actuallynsaying this, but I think we could possibly learn something from them atnthis time.\" She looked at his uncle and aunt, and could see love in bothnin their eyes. She turned to Leopold and took hold of his hand looking atnhim. \"As usual you are right.\" \"You are learning, Kate.\" He teased her. She playfully hit him and then sat back in her seat. Leopold put hisnarm around her and drew her close to him. She laid her head on hisnshoulder, and soon felt herself beginning to relax.[Chapter 14] The carriage ride lost its novelty for Kate shortly after leaving thencity center of Liverpool. She enjoyed the countryside briefly, but soon itnall looked the same to her and she was desperate for something cool tondrink, and a bathroom would be nice. Much to her surprise, the carriagenstopped along the roadside, close to a clump of trees where Leopold,nMillard, Otis and the coachman made their way to the small forest andnmanaged to relieve themselves. When Margaret followed suit, Kate felt anbit uncomfortable. Was that really what ladies did in 19th centurynEngland? Kate did not get out of the carriage, while the others stretchedntheir legs along the roadside. Leopold leaned through the window, \"Kate,nwe still have a few hours before we reach Leicestershire, we will not benstopping again until we reach my great aunt's house, are you sure you donnot have to relieve yourself?\" \"I think I would know if I had to, Leopold.\" \"I realize you are use to modern conveniences but when you have to gonyou make do with the resources you have. We are all gentlemen here and wenwill turn the other way. I assure you no one will see you.\" \"No, I don't have to go for the last time.\" \"Suit yourself. At least come out and stretch your legs a bit.\" She managed to get out of the carriage and watched Margaret comingnback from the woods, holding her head up, like a lady would. She couldn'tnpicture this woman squatting in the forest one bit. Leopold watched with amusement Kate's puzzled face and leaned overnwhispering in her ear, \"Yes, Kate, even ladies have bladders. They dropntheir drawers like everyone else when the urge comes to them.\" She playfully hit him, \"Stop making fun of me.\" \"You have to go don't you?\" \"I told you before I don't.\" \"You are behaving like a child. It isn't a big deal.\" She stormed back into the carriage. As the others got back in shenturned away from them, but just as the coachman was ready to leave, shennearly jumped over Leopold, Margaret and Millard, getting out of thencarriage picking up her skirt and running towards the clump of trees asnfast as she could, Leopold couldn't stop laughing. Margaret poked him,n\"Leopold, behave yourself, Katherine is not used to the country. Younshould not make fun of her.' \"She refuses to listen to me. She is willful and stubborn. She had tongo all along, Aunt Margaret. Afraid of looking like a fool, well who isnthe fool now.\" \"Willful, stubborn, refuses to listen… sounds very much like someonenwe know.\" She smiled at Leopold, \"Yes, I admit I can be those things.\" \"All the more reason, to be sympathetic.\" \"Your Aunt is right, Leopold. When Miss McKay rejoins the carriage,nyou will refrain from any comments on the matter. She is having a hardnenough time, without you laughing about this incident. It is infantile,nsomething I would expect of a young schoolboy, not a grown man. Not anDuke.\" \"Since when do you care about Miss McKay's feelings?\" \"I am making an effort, Leopold. I suggest you do the same.\" Leopold stepped out of the carriage, when he saw Kate heading back,nher head low. When she reached him, she put her hand up before he couldnspeak, \"I don't need your comments right now. You and your family can laughnall you want about this one, but I don't want to hear it. I never thoughtnI would be squatting in the forest alongside a road, why didn't you warn menabout that.\" \"I just assumed you would know. I never thought…\" \"Right, Leopold, you never thought. The only time I have ever donenthat was when I was 4 and we were driving to New Jersey and I couldn't waitntill the next gas station. Please tell me there are bathrooms at Balinor.\" \"Of course there are bathrooms, where you take a bath. I am afraidnour toilets are not up to your standards and they are not in thenbathrooms.\" \"Where are they?\" \"They are located in the outhouse.\" \"But the house in New York, had a toilet in the house.\" \"Those Americans are quite clever, I must say.\" \"I will have to go outside, to go the bathroom, sorry, I mean thentoilet, is that correct?\" \"That is correct.\" \"Anything else you have failed to mention to me about the livingnarrangements?\" \"I can't think of anything at this time, no.\" \"You will let me know, before I make an even bigger fool of myself.\" \"You will be the first informed when I think of something.\" \"Good.\" He took hold of her hand, \"I don't like when you are cross with me.\"nGod, he was doing it again. That look. Kate tried to avoid his eyes, butnit was next to impossible. \"I am not cross at you. I just feel stupid.' He lifted her chin so she was looking straight at him, \"I want tonapologize for my rude behavior earlier and for the fact that I neglected tontell you about the roadside toilets, it will not happen again…at least forntoday.\" He managed to get a smile out of her. \"Alright, you are forgiven.\" She started to walk towards thencarriage and he pulled her towards him, \"Leopold, everyone is staring.\" Leopold looked towards the carriage and found both Millard andnMargaret looking out the window. Millard yelled at him,\" Leopold, we mustnget on the road, if we want to get to Leicestershire by nightfall. Oncenagain, you are holding us up.\" \"I have some unfinished business here, Uncle. I will be with younshortly.\" \"What unfinished business is that?\" He swept her in his arms and dipped her as if they were dancing, andnshe began to laugh, \"For god's sake, Leopold, what are you doing?\" \"I am making you smile.\" He smiled at her, \"And I am giving ournaudience something to stare at.\" \"You never cease to surprise me. One minute you are reserved andnserious, like a Duke should be. Then the next minute you are playful andnfunny, like a schoolboy.\" \"How boring and dull would I be if I behaved like I was suppose tonall the time, that is not in my nature. Be prepared, my dear sweet Kate, Inam full of surprises. You bring out the boy in me, and that is a goodnthing.\" He passionately kissed her in front of the others and smiledntriumphantly as he let her go. She was a bit taken a back, \"This isndefinitely a change from your behavior on the ship. I am not sure how I amnsuppose to take this sudden change.\" \"I can easily become the boring stiff shirt Duke, if you prefer. Itnwould be quite a laugh actually. It drives Uncle Millard mad, because henknows I am mocking everything the title stands for. You know I am veryndisrespectful to the privilege I was born with, but that is a story fornanother day and we have many days ahead of us.\" \"Come on, I for one would like to arrive in Leicestershire as soon asnpossible. Just a question, why didn't we travel by train? Wouldn't wenhave arrived at Balinor sooner.\" \"My great aunt has requested our presence. My uncle and myself arenher only living relatives. And Uncle Millard tries to remain in goodngraces with her. She is a character, my great aunt Agnes. Never married,nno children. My father and uncle were practically raised by her. I amnsure she wants to look you over and make sure you are suitable to marryninto the family.\" \"I am going to be interrogate again.\" \"She is harmless. You might find you like her. Everyone says I havenher spirit. Millard will tell you that is nothing to be proud of. Mynfather was her favorite, and it has annoyed Millard greatly. I am quitenassured you will enjoy our brief visit with Aunt Agnes. Maybe even sonmuch, the journey to Balinor tomorrow will not look as pleasing.\" \"Now you have me curious.\" \"Then let's not dawdle, Kate, our carriage is waiting.\" He gave her a little pat on the behind and she picked up her skirtnand ran, Leopold hot on her heals. When they got back to the carriage,nthey were both laughing and Millard was looking disgusted. \"Maybe I shouldnhave had Mrs. Collins air out the nursery, Leopold. I am sure we couldnfind your rocking horse and toy soldiers.\" He smiled at him as he climbed in, \"Sounds like a brilliant idea,nUncle. I think Kate might enjoy them as well.\" She tried to hide the laughter and scooted into the carriage.nLeopold and Kate looked at each other, and Millard was annoyed about hownpleased they were with themselves. He sighed and looked at Margaret,n\"Children.\" The coachman cracked his whip and the carriage was on it's waynto Leicestershire.[Chapter 15] The carriage arrived at Langley House, the home of Leopold's GreatnAunt Agnes Mountbatten at dusk. Kate had managed to sleep most of thenjourney. When Leopold awoke her they were alone. He gently shook her,n\"Kate, darling.\" He kissed her forehead and she slowly opened her eyes,nand smiled up at him. \"Are we at your aunt's?\" She looked around the carriage, Millard andnMargaret no where to be seen, and she could see from the window it wasngetting dark out, \"Where is everyone?\" \"Inside. We have only just arrived; I just couldn't bear to wake you.n You look so enchanting when you are asleep.\" \"So what does that mean about when I am awake, I don't looknenchanting?\" \"Only a woman, could take a compliment and twist it around in such anmanner.\" She stretched her arms and sat up, \"I hope there is food. I am sonhungry.\" \"I have been informed dinner is being served as we speak.\" \"Then why are we sitting out here?\" He continued gazing into her eyes, \"Because I wanted to be alone withnyou.\" \"Really?\" \"And once we go inside the house, my aunt Agnes will monopolize younthe whole evening. I just wanted to have a few quiet minutes where I couldntake a deep breath and enjoy your company. The last two weeks on the ship,nI was spoiled.\" \"We have our whole lives together, Leopold.' He took her face in his hands and kissed her, \"I am being selfish, Inwould like you all to myself and we could live in a remote castle, where nonone could find us.\" \"And you would be bored.\" \"Not likely.\" \"Your family would be lost without you.\" \"Well, that is probably true.\" He smiled, cockily. \"And have you ever thought that maybe I want to give this wholenDuchess thing a go. I have this incredible opportunity, to live in the pastnand be a part of it all. Even though I find the clothing ridiculouslynuncomfortable and I doubt I will ever know what is appropriate behavior andnwhat isn't, I am not thrilled with the toilets and I am sure I will find Inam going to miss a lot of the conveniences I am use to. But I want to benthe Duchess of Albany and go to parties and be lady of the manor. I am notnready to run off to some remote castle and be a recluse with you, at leastnnot yet. Give me a few weeks at least.\" \"I see your sense of adventure has not been lost on the journey.\" \"Far from it.\" \"I am glad to hear that.\" All of a sudden they heard a noise outside the carriage, it was Otisnclearing his throat to get their attention. \"Otis, what are you doing out there?\" \"I am sorry to disturb you, your grace, but the elder LadynMountbatten is becoming a bit agitated and is requesting yours and MissnMcKay's presence in the dining room as soon as possible.\" \"In actuality you mean 10 minutes ago.\" \"Precisely, your grace.\" Otis opened the carriage door and helped Kate out, and Leopoldnfollowed. \"So, Otis, what kind of mood is my Great Aunt in?\" \"She has already managed to make his lordship feel like a fool, I'mnafraid. Of course he is handling it very well. He has not lost hisntemper, as of yet.\" Leopold laughed, \"We are in for an interesting evening, wouldn't younsay, Otis?\" \"Oh, yes sir, she is in her element tonight.\" He smiled at Kate, \"Be yourself. That is what Aunt Agnes will want.nYou have nothing to worry about, I assure you.\" \"She likes you, that is easy for you to say.\" \"And she will like you, believe me.\" When they entered the dining room, all eyes were on them, Aunt Agnesnheld her arms out for Leopold, \"My dear sweet boy, I must have a hug.\" Leopold looked a little embarrassed but proceeded to hug his aunt,n\"Now step back, let me look at you.\" Leopold did as he was asked, \"Younlook marvelously well, and I swear you are more handsome every time I layneyes on you.\" She then looked past him at Kate. \"And this must benKatherine. You will sit next to me, Katherine, at dinner. Leopold, you cannsit next to your uncle and try to keep him in line.\" Leopold pulled outnthe chair for Kate, and he gave her a wink of reassurance, and then tooknthe seat at the far end of the table next to Millard, who was lookingnextremely sheepish. Dinner was rather quiet, which Kate thought odd. She had expectedntwenty questions from Leopold's aunt. But instead she smiled pleasantly andnobserved. When dinner was finished and they headed to the drawing room,nAgnes held Kate back, \"I would like to speak to my future great niecenalone. The rest of you make yourself comfortable in the drawing room.\" Leopold was about to speak and Agnes stopped him, \"Leopold, she isnperfectly safe in my hands,\" \"Of course, Aunt Agnes, but I just thought you would want to speak tonus together.\" \"And why would I want to do such a thing? I know all there is tonknow about you, Leopold. We have enjoyed many long intricate conversationsnin the past. And I know you. If I allow you to join us, Katherine willnnot even be able to speak, because you will speak for her.\" \"There you are wrong, she is perfectly capable of speaking fornherself and will do so.\" \"So you are concerned about things she will reveal, is that is,nLeopold?\" He eyed Kate and she looked a bit frightened. \"She has nothing to reveal that would concern me in the slightest,nAunt.\" \"Then run along and entertain your uncle and his wife and don't worrynabout us. I am sure we will get along splendidly.\" Agnes took Kate's arm and they turned down the hallway to a doorwaynacross the hall. Kate turned and looked at Leopold concerned, and he bitnhis lip, hoping everything would be fine. Kate found herself in a small parlor room, it was warm and personalnand she looked around at the portraits adorning the walls. She stopped innfront of one of two young boys with two hound dogs. \"That is Millard andnLeopold's father Philip.\" \"I can see him in Leopold. He is very much like him, isn't he?\" \"I suppose you could say that. Of course Leopold's upbringing wasnvery different than Philip's. Philip's was much stricter, his father…mynbrother made sure Philip would grow up to fulfill his duties as a Duke.nAlthough Millard won't admit it, he did not have the control over Leopoldnhe would have liked once Philip died. Leopold lived in two worlds. Otisnand the other servants of Balinor were as much responsible for hisnupbringing as was Millard and Margaret. He will never be the Duke hisnfather or grandfather was because of that fact.\" \"And that's a bad thing?\" \"On the contrary, that's a good thing. But we are not here to talknabout Leopold. We will have to save that for another day. I have such anshort time with you on this visit and the next time I will see you, younwill be married to my great nephew and be the Duchess of Albany. I want tonget to know you.\" She sat down and motioned for Kate to sit across from her. \"I am sure Millard has already interrogated you thoroughly, so you donnot have to fret, I will refrain for repeating that incident. Leopold hasnchosen you for his wife and Leopold is no fool. He has had more than 10nyears of courting and being introduced to every available suitable woman innEngland, and thank god, he didn't chose any of the ghastly prospects hisnuncle paraded his way. When Millard informed me that he was taking Leopoldnto New York, to find him a wife, I was not amused. But I have been toldnthat Millard had nothing to do with your meeting, and that pleases me.\"nKate looked a little puzzled. \"You looked surprised. I know Millard wasnnot thinking of Leopold, but of himself and the family's debt when hendragged him over to New York to chose a wife. And I am pleased Leopold isnmarrying for love, not money. I can see it in his eyes when he looks atnyou. I don't need to know anything about you except that Leopold loves younand knows in his heart you are the right young lady to become his wife.\" \"I guess I am surprised, because of Uncle Millard's reaction to me,nand I know the family's debt is riding on everyone's mind. I have nonmoney.\" \"I know that as well. And of course the debt is a concern. ButnLeopold's happiness is what is of utmost importance. And I am hoping we cannget to the bottom of our financial problems. With your help, I think thatnmight be a possibility.\" \"I don't think I can be of any help. I am hopeless in regards tonmoney.\" \"Kate, can I call you Kate. Katherine seems so formal.\" \"By all means, Leopold calls me Kate. I much prefer it.\" \"Kate, has Leopold ever talked about the family's debt to you?\" \"Not really. But he seems very optimistic, that things will getnbetter,\" \"I said earlier, Leopold is no fool. But in regards to his familynfinances he is ignorant. He trusts Millard.\" \"And why shouldn't he?\" \"Do you trust Millard, Kate?\" \"I don't think I can really make a judgment about him as of yet. Indon't really know him.\" \"And I don't know you, but I can see a good head on your soldiers.nYou are not some love struck debutante who expects becoming a duchess allnparties and fancy dresses and looking elegant on her husband's arm. Leopoldnnot only finds you beautiful, he enjoys the fact you can have a discussionnwith him about politics or religion or anything for that matter.\" \"I suppose that is true. But what you say about Millard. I don'tnthink he would ever hurt Leopold. He loves him in his own way.\" \"I know he loves Leopold. But he has lied to Leopold as well. He hasnblamed Philip for the indebtedness. Saying he gambled away his money. Ofncourse Leopold was a small boy and has no recollection of his father'snbusiness ventures, but I can assure you, Philip was no gambler. And hownthe financial situation could be getting worse year by year makes no sense.n Something has been going on and before I leave this earth I have to knownwhat it is and it has to stop.\" \"I really don't know how I can help.\" \"You can be my eyes and ears at Balinor. Watch Millard; find out what henis up to. But Leopold mustn't know.\" \"I can't do this. I can't lie to Leopold.\" \"You don't have to lie, you just don't tell him everything. This isnextremely important for yours and Leopold's future and the future of yournchildren. He could lose Balinor, if he is not careful. I feel thatnsomething terribly wrong is happening and I believe the secret lies atnBalinor.\" \"I find all of this a bit overwhelming.\" \"Of course you do my dear, and I will leave it for now. You think aboutnit. I love Leopold with all my heart. He has had a difficult childhood,nbeing orphaned so young, but has turned out to be a magnificent young man.nI would like to see one member of this family live a happy fulfilled life.nPhilip was taken so young in that terrible accident, and Millard has neverntruly been happy. He has been deeply affected by the family's financialnproblem and I would like to believe he is not at the bottom of it. If thentruth could be found out, possibly Millard too will be able find somenhappiness. I can be awfully cruel to him, but I love him. Philip andnMillard were like my sons. I never married, and when their mother died innchildbirth having Millard, I helped their father raise them. I want tonprotect my family, Kate. And now you are to be a part of this family. Inwant to protect you as well.\" \"I understand how you feel about them. They are the only family you have,nand their happiness is so important.\" She thought of Charlie and what itnhad been like after her parents had died. She just wanted to take care ofnhim. \"I will do what I can. I can't promise anything, but I don't wantnthis family to lose everything either. Leopold may hate the fact he is anduke, but I know what his family means to him. And this is my family nowntoo.\" Agnes smiled at her and took her hand, \"I knew the minute you walked intonthe dining room, you were a Mountbatten. You have the determination allnthe Mountbatten women have had. Leopold's mother was never one to sitnback. She stood by her husband's side, but she had a mind of her own andnPhilip loved her for it. Margaret came into the family, not by choice andnit has been harder for her, but she is a wonderful woman and I believe hasngiven Millard some happiness. We are important to this family. Even thoughnoften the men would like to believe that is not the case.\" Kate smiled, \"So why didn't you ever marry?\" \"I could not be tied down to any man. Of course I had many suitorsnin my day, and all of them anxious to take me as their wife. I am happy innthis life, Kate. I can do as a please. I am not lonely. I have Millard andnLeopold and my wonderful servants whose company I enjoy. And now I have anbeautiful intelligent niece, who I look forward to spending time with. Inthink you will be good for this family, Kate.\" \"Leopold said I would like you.\" \"And?\" \"I like you very much. Why don't you live at Balinor? Wouldn't it be morenconvenient?\" \"Convenient yes, but I like things my way. I visit often. But this is mynhome. Millard gets on my nerves and Leopold can be overly attentive atntimes, and I like my space. I am happy here.\" She stood up, \"I suppose wenshould join the others. Leopold looked very nervous about us spending timenalone together.\" \"He can be overprotective.\" \"Oh, Yes, I can see that. But he lets you be yourself. That is a traitnmany men lack. They tend to mold their women into what they would like.nLeopold will always let you be yourself. He is a rare man and he is yours.n You are to be envied by every available woman in England.\" \"Believe me I know how lucky I am.\" \"But Kate, don't ever forget, he is also extremely lucky to have foundnyou.\"[Chapter 16] When Kate and Agnes entered the drawing room, Leopold was at thenpiano playing Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata. Kate had never heard him play,nand she thought it was one of the most beautiful things she had ever heard.n She wasn't really surprised, Everything Leopold did, he seemed to do well.n And she smiled to herself, thinking…I am marrying the most perfect man innthis universe, how incredible is that. Leopold stopped playing and stoodnup and Kate went to his side. He put his arm around her and kissed herncheek, \"I have missed you.\" Kate could not recall having anyone evernsaying those words to her after only being absent from the room for a shortnwhile, but they sounded wonderful coming from Leopold. He whispered in her ear, \"Everything alright?\" She nodded, \"Fine. Everything's fine.\" Leopold's expression was that of concern and Agnes picked up on it,n\"I have brought your lovely Kate back to you all in one piece, Leopold. Infind her charming and unique, and I am pleased you have made such a choicenfor your future bride. She will make a fine duchess.\" Leopold seemed a bit disgusted. He was tired of everyone makingnjudgments. He could care less if anyone approved of his choice of a wife,nand put up with it because it was what was expected of him. Agnes noticednhis facial expression and moved closer to him, \"Leopold, you are tirednfrom your journey. Maybe it would be best if you retired for the evening.nYou have a long trip to Balinor in the morning.\" \"I am not tired, I am irritated by all of you and your insistence onnjudging myself and my future wife. You brush me aside, Aunt Agnes, toninterrogate Kate, telling me to go entertain my uncle and aunt, like I amnsome child. I am a grown man and I don't have to answer to any of you.\" Kate squeezed his arm, \"Leopold, I think you are overreacting?\" \"I see your tune has changed, Kate.\" Kate looked over at Agnes and they exchanged glances, which Leopoldnnoticed. \"What did you and my aunt discuss in there?\" Agnes walked over to him and patted his cheek, which irritated himneven more and he turned his head away from her, \"Leopold, I assure you,nKate and I spoke of nothing that what cause you embarrassment. We spoke ofnyour father, and the background of the family. Nothing more.\" \"I am not a fool, Aunt. I know this family well enough, to know whennthey are keeping something from me.\" He looked over at Millard whonshrugged and looked back down at the hand of cards he was holding.nMargaret, too, kept silent and returned to the card game. Kate knew he was ready to blow, so she took his arm, \"Leopold, Inwould like some fresh air.\" \"It's half past nine, Kate. Not the most congenial time to partakenin a constitutional.\" She gave him a nudge and she gave him a look, \"What are you doing?\" Frustrated with him, she whispered in his ear a bit irritatingly, \"Anwalk isn't what I had in mind.\" He then looked at her face and she was smiling. \"Oh, I see. Yes, ofncourse, fresh air sounds like a splendid idea. If you will excuse us, Inthink the night air would do just the trick to clear my head. You arenpossibly right, Aunt, I am tired from the journey. I am truly apologeticnif I was out of hand in my outburst.\" Agnes kissed his cheek, \"You two young people go out and enjoy thenevening.\" She winked at Kate. Once outside, Leopold escorted Kate to the side of the house where henknew no one would disturb them and he took her in his arm and began kissingnher. He was more aggressive then usual and this behavior startled her, asnshe pushed him away. \"What is with that kiss? If I didn't know better Inwould assume you have more than just kissing in mind. What happened innthere, Leopold? I really don't know. All I did was talk to your aunt,nlike you wanted me to. And then you go and have a fit. I brought you outnhere so that you wouldn't cause a scene. Things are going well. Tomorrownyou will be home. Isn't that what you want?\" He turned away from her, frustrated and upset, \"This life isn't easy,nKate.\" \"You don't think I don't know that.\" \"They expect too much from me. I will never live up to theirnexpectations of what the Duke of Albany should be. My family will nevernleave me alone.\" \"And I don't think you want them to leave you alone. Yes, they cannbe irritating, and judgmental and pompous but they are your family. Theynlove you. And you mean everything to them. Your Aunt Agnes, wants you tonbe happy more than anything else.\" \"They have no idea what will make me happy.\" \"I think they know I will make you happy.\" He turned and looked at Kate who was smiling at him. He managed ansmile back, \"This time you are right, Kate.\" \"Of course I am right, and it won't be the first time.\" He moved back over to her and kissed her gently. She sighed, \"Now that is more like the Leopold I know and love.\" \"You didn't like the aggressive, man taking control kiss? Some womennfind that very attractive.\" \"I might have found it tempting at one point of my life, but not now.nNot from you. Leopold, I want you the way you are. I even like when younare stubborn and willful and I can take your bursts of anger in smallndoses. Because these are things that make you…you. And you won't ever benthe Duke that your father was, but you are the best Duke you can be. Thatnis all your family wants from you.\" \"And what do you want from me, Kate McKay?\" He raised his eyebrowsnand it was incredibly cute. She smiled at him, \"Do you want me to say I want to have my way withnyou?\" \"Is that what you want?\" \"Well, yes, but…\" She felt tongue tied and didn't know what else tonsay. \"So that is all you want from me?\" He teased. And she was at a lose for words, \"And what if that is what I wanted to? Of course it is not all Inwant.\" \"Leopold, no.\" \"My aunt Agnes would be thrilled actually. She would not look downnon either one of us for wanting to be together in the biblical sense. Mynaunt has had her share of affairs, and has never been one to hide any ofnthem. The sacrament of marriage means nothing to her.\" \"You are not your aunt.\" \"So if I invited you into my bed this evening…\" She didn't let him finish, \"I would refuse.\" \"Why pray tell, when it is what you want?\" He was enjoying this game.nHe could see she was flustered and blushing. \"I am protecting your honor, Leopold.\" He laughed out loud, \"That is a good one, Kate.\" \"You are teasing, and it's cruel.\" He squeezed her tightly, \"I would love to invite you into my bed thisnevening, I want you desperately. Every time I touch you…\" he sighed andntook a deep breath. \"I want more.\" \"We will wait.\" \"But it's not what you want.\" \"I want it be right. For you, it will be right on our wedding night.nThat is when it will be right for me to.\" \"And what if I change my mind?\" \"I will know that something else has had an influence on you,nsomething called lust…and I want to experience love. You promised menlove.\" \"I do love you.\" \"I love you too\" They started kissing, and then Leopold stopped andnlooked at her seriously, something on his mind. \"You and my aunt, thosenglances.\" She playfully hit him, \"You were thinking of your aunt when we werenjust kissing, that is encouraging, Leopold.\" \"No, I was not thinking of my aunt, I was thinking of you, but thosenglances you exchanged inside.\" \"You are paranoid.\" \"You are not going to tell me anything about the conversation thatnthe two of you had are you? We aren't even married and you are alreadynkeeping secrets from me.\" \"She told you, we were talking about your father. She told me a lotnabout raising Millard and your father. And about your upbringing, shenasked me about my family.\" Kate was now lying, and she hopped she could donthis. Maybe she was making a mistake getting involved. But she too wasnconcerned about Leopold's financial situation. It would soon be hers asnwell. \"You said I would like her and I do. I am looking forward to hernvisit to Balinor. She is an interesting character. She is non judgmental.nI felt I could be myself with her.\" \"I suppose that is what I am worried about.\" \"That I might slip up and say something that will connect me to thentime I am from?\" \"Precisely. She is quick and smart. She doesn't miss much.\" \"I will be careful.\" \"I know you will, I am just concerned.\" \"Are you concerned about going home?\" \"I am very anxious about arriving at Balinor, but I also havenmisgivings concerning various issues. But I will not dwell on thosenmatters until after we are married. The wedding will be first priority.nThere will be a lot of preparations.\" \"I don't want anyone to make a fuss.\" \"It isn't often that a Duke takes a wife, and I am afraid a fuss willnbe made in my household, this is one matter that I cannot have much say in.n But I promise you, it will be a day you will never forget.\" Kate had always thought about planning her own wedding and now itnseemed it was out of her hands. She decided to let it go. It didn'tnreally matter. She was marrying Leopold and that was what was important.[Chapter 17] The day's journey seemed endless and it was late afternoon when theynfinally reached the countryside in the county of Sussex. It wasn't longnthat they were riding across Balinor's property and Leopold looked out ofnthe window, and took a deep breath. He was home. The rolling hills andnforests he had rode through millions of times on his black stallion,nMordrid, once again beckoning to him. Kate leaned over him to peak out thenwindow, \"This is all yours?\" It seemed to stretch for miles. \"All mine.\" Leopold felt proud. \"Not for long if you aren't careful.\" Millard added. Margaret piped in, \"We have a wedding to plan and I will not haventhis pessimistic attitude about the future of Balinor at this time. Itnwill only put a black cloud over the celebration.\" Kate was in awe of the surroundings; she saw the house approach,nwhich was hardly a house at all. She would have called it a castle, butnthere were no turrets or drawbridge, like in fairy tales. She could seenpeople gathering outside, in the distance and she asked Leopold, \"What arenthose people doing?\" \"It is a tradition to greet the master of the house, when he arrivesnhome. That will be our servants. There aren't as many as in the past,nMillard let a number of them go before we left for America.\" \"A waste of money. Too many of them, were not even capable ofnkeeping a shack in order let alone a house such as this.\" \"My uncle is overexagerating.\" Leopold glared at him. As they got closer and Kate could see their faces, Leopold pointednthem out to her, \"The two elderly ladies on the left are Mrs. Collins, thenhead housekeeper and Cook. They have been with the family for a long time,nbefore I was born. On Cook's left is Jack, my groomsman, then there isnMolly and Maggie, Mrs. Collins' nieces who are the upstairs maids. And Lilynand Sarah, the downstairs maids. And I mustn't forget Parker, our butler.nThere are a few others, basically kitchen help and Thomas thengroundskeeper. I don't think I am forgetting anyone.\" \"This is going to be interesting. I am supposed to remember theirnpositions and names.\" \"Katherine, only Leopold remembers all their names, it isn'tnrequired. Most of the time you will have little to do with any of them,nexcept Mrs. Collins and Cook. Leopold has always made it a point to benpersonal with the staff, which I find a waste of time and highlyninappropriate. As a young boy, he was often found in the kitchen baking ornhaving breakfast with them. It was a habit I tried to break him of.\" \"And he failed miserably.\" Leopold smiled triumphantly. \"I alwaysnfound their lives more exciting than mine. They were always so happynworking and being in each other's company. I consider them as much part ofnthe family as my aunt and uncle.\" Millard shook his head, \"He does this to spite me, it is obvious. IfnI embraced the staff the way he does, he would turn his back on them.\" Leopold laughed. \"That will be the day, you embracing the staff.\" The carriage rolled up to the front of the house, and Millard steppednout of the carriage and helped Margaret out, they were greeted by Mrs.nCollins and Parker, \"It is wonderful to have you home, Lord Mountbatten,nLady Mountbatten.\" Millard started to address the condition of the house, when henrealized all eyes were on the carriage, and they were only interested innLeopold and his fiancé. There were whispers among them. Leopold stepped out and helped Kate out, she felt awkward with allneyes on her, and she heard whispers and gasps. \"Your grace, you've beenntruly missed.\" Mrs. Collins smiled as Leopold turned to her and picked hernup and twirled her around, she giggled, and Millard looked disgusted. \"Mrs. Collins, it is wonderful being home.\" He kissed her cheek as henput her down, and she blushed. \"Let me introduce you to my fiancé, Kate.\"nMrs. Collins and the others bowed. \"It's a pleasure.\" Leopold turned to Jack and slapped him on the back, \"Jack, I hope allnis well with Mordrid. I am anxious to have a ride around the estate in thenmorning.\" \"I have been exercising him daily, your grace, he is in fine form.\" \"Just what I wanted to hear. You will be accompanying in the morning,nI insist. I would like Guinevere to get use to longer rides, I am hopingnKate will be riding her in the future.\" Kate looked shocked, \"Riding a horse?! Leopold, I don't think so.\" \"In time, in time. Jack is a fine horseman and I am sure he will benof great assistance to you. Guinevere is a very gentle mare and I believenperfectly matched for you. There is no rush. Come, I am anxious to shownyou your new home.\" As they entered the house, Mrs. Collins followed closely behind them,n\"Your grace, I hate to trouble you with this matter, the minute you arrivenhome…\" \"What is it, Mrs. Collins? You aren't troubling me.\" \"I would normally confer with Lady Mountbatten about this matter, butnseeing as Miss Katherine is to be the new lady of the house..\" \"Yes,\" \"Miss Katherine might be needing a personal companion, and I havensomeone in mind.\" \"How many more nieces do you have Mrs. Collins?\" \"Not a niece, your grace, a daughter.\" Leopold looked surprised, \"Not Janet. I thought she was in Scotland,nand married.\" \"It is a long story, sir, but she is back in Sussex and in need of anposition, she has no references.\" \"Is she here at Balinor, as we speak?\" \"Why yes, sir, she is. But, I knew his lordship would not be pleasednand I thought it best she help out in the kitchen until I could speak tonyou.\" \"I haven't seen Janet since we were children. You know what my answernwill be, Janet is like my sister. Of course she may have a position atnBalinor and you are perfectly right about Kate needing a personalncompanion. Janet would be perfect. I will be showing Kate her rooms, Mrs.nCollins, send Janet up so they can meet.\" Leopold managed to stride up the stairs skipping every other one,nKate trying desperately to keep up with him. When she got up to the topnshe was out of breath. \"What am I going to do with a personal companion?\" \"She will perform tasks for you, much like Otis does for me. Helpnyou with your wardrobe, draw your bath, turn down your bed.\" \"I can do those things myself.\" \"Of course you can, Kate. But you are to be a duchess and it is onlynsuitable you have your own servant. You will like Janet.\" \"You assume I will like everyone you like.\" He looked at her and sensed something was wrong. \"You are jealous.\" \"Jealous. Ha! Why would I be jealous, I don't know anything aboutnthis girl.\" \"I played with her as a child, for god's sake. She and I rode horsesntogether, along with Jack. Jack's father was my father's groomsman.\" \"Fine. She is a tomboy, who you consider like a sister.\" \"You are being ridiculous.\" \"Is she pretty?\" \"I haven't seen her since she was 15. She was sent to Scotland tonwork for some Earl. It was a horrible time for her mother. Janet was hernonly surviving child. Her two sons died of Scarlet Fever. I had heard shenmarried a few years ago. Obviously, something has happened.\" \"You didn't answer my question. Is she pretty?\" \"She was one of the lads. We never thought of her as anything else.nCan we talk about something else? I really wanted to show you the house.\" He took her by the arm and escorted down the hall, and opened thendoor. It was a set of rooms, a sitting room, a bedroom and a bathroom.n\"These were my mothers rooms.\" She looked around at the beautiful carvednwood dresser and the patterned wallpaper and portraits adorning the walls,n\"Your mother had separate rooms from your father?\" \"It is common, for a husband and wife to have their own quarters. Mynmother came here to paint and get away from talk of business. But shenrarely slept here. My parents were very close; she and my father werenrarely apart. My parent's situation was very peculiar compared to mostnmarried couples. It is much more commonplace for a woman to wait in hernown rooms until her husband is in need of her.\" \"In need of her? You mean he comes to her when he is ready to havensex.\" \"I wouldn't have worded it in such a crude way, but yes, that is whatnI mean.\" \"That is insane.\" She looked at him and he could tell she was wondering if he wouldnpartake in this tradition as well, \"You can rest assured, Kate, that I havenno intention of partaking in this practice. I find it absolutelynludicrous, but if you prefer to sleep in your own room once we are wed, Inwill respect your wishes.\" Before she could say anything else, she realized there was someonenstanding in the doorway, \"Your grace, I am sorry to bother you, but mynmother told me you wished to see me.\" She curtseyed to Leopold, as henturned towards her. Leopold was taken aback by the young woman standing there. At 15,nJanet had been very tomboyish, and now she was quite the young lady. Hernsilky chestnut hair hung past her shoulders and she had dazzling blue eyes.n Kate had her answer, she was very pretty indeed. \"This can't be the JanetnCollins I remember. What happened to the braids and as I recall, yournmother had a hell of time getting you to put on a dress. My god, it isngood to see you.\" Janet was surprised when he took her in his arms and hugged her, Katenstood watching them. \"You don't know how good it feels to be home,nLeopold. I mean, your grace.\" Leopold stood back, and Janet was blushing.nShe noticed Kate was staring. \"I really despise being addressed in such a matter. It seems absurdnwhen we are such old friends.\" There was a silence and Leopold realized, the two women werenobserving each other while he stood in the middle. It was a bit awkward,nand he tried to break the silence. \"Kate, darling, this is Janet.\" \"It's nice to meet you, Janet.\" \"Oh, Miss Kate, the pleasure is all mine. It is wonderful to see,nLeopold, I mean…oh damn, I will never be able to pull this off…I beg yournpardon, your grace. What I meant to say was, I can see how happy you havenmade, his grace, and it will be a pleasure to work for you.\" She seemed flustered and Leopold could tell she was on the verge ofntears, \"I am sorry, I am really not myself at this moment and if you wouldnexcuse me.\" \"Janet, what is it?\" \"I will be fine. Just give me a few minutes, and I will return tonunpack Miss Kate's bags.\" She slowly turned and walked to the door, but asnsoon as she reached the hall she ran down the stairs. Leopold and Kate looked at each other, \"Leopold, are you sure she isncapable of taking on this position? She seems a bit unstable.\" Leopold looked puzzled, \"She is not the same girl, I knew. That isnfor sure. I will talk to her mother and find out what is going on.\" \"Didn't Mrs. Collins say she didn't have references? What does thatnactually mean?\" \"She has left her previous post without a referral. There is anpossibility she was let go, but Janet has always been a hard worker, itndoesn't make sense.\" Leopold seemed to be in a daze, but quickly snapped out of it, \"I amnsure all will be well, now, I did promise you a tour of the house. Care tonjoin me?\" He held out his arm for her to take and they left Kate's rooms. Kate had a thorough tour of the house, and for the time being thenincident with Janet in her rooms had been forgotten. Kate walked throughnthe dining room that could seat 50, a library that carried nearly everynbook every published, a ballroom complete with two matching chandeliers,nand Leopold's lab. It had originally been a second drawing room, but nownit was covered with black boards, that had been left as Leopold had leftnthem over 2 months ago. Formulas, drawings and chicken scratches, coverednthem. Tables were crowded with models, sketchbooks, and what looked likento Kate, junk. Leopold was very proud of this room, and was hoping Katenwould share the enthusiasm, \"So what do you think?\" \"Well, it's a bit of a mess, don't you think? I thought Stuart'snapartment was bad, but this takes the cake. Don't you have any of thenmaids tidy it up?\" \"Absolutely not. No one is allowed in this room; I won't have myninventions tampered with. Of course I will make an exception in your case.nYou might find it enjoyable watching me at work.\" She thought she would start to laugh, but held it back. She had putnup with a lot from Stuart and his experiments, and had never understood anynof it. Now Leopold was assuming she would get a kick out of watching himnwork. Leopold could tell she was holding back laughter; by the way she wasnsmiling. \"Do you find something amusing, Kate?\" \"Of course not, this is all very interesting.\" She waved her armnaround the room, \"But I don't understand any of it.\" \"This is the future, Kate. I know it doesn't look like much,nespecially for you coming from a time, when you have every convenience, butnit means a hell of a lot to me. And I have no intention of giving it up,nespecially now that I have seen my invention in use in the 21st century.nWhat my uncle considered wasted time on my part, actually has somensignificance. I am incredibly proud of the work I do here.\" \"I can see that.\" She imagined him working in here, hiding himselfnoff from the outside world, he was a bit odd, but that only added to hisncharm, as far as Kate was concerned. \"And I feel privileged that you willnallow me to watch you work, I am sure it will be educational.\" \"You are mocking me.\" She started to giggle, \"I'm sorry, Leopold. I don't mean to laugh.nI have a hard time imagining me having anything to do with science at all.nI failed Chemistry in High School, and Physics as far as I was concernednwas a foreign language. I doubt I could make heads or tales of anything younwere working on.\" \"I think you should give yourself some credit. You are an intelligentnyoung woman, who can do anything she puts her mind to. If you find mynwork, dull and boring, so be it, but I do believe you might be able tongrasp more than you might imagine. I want you to be a part of my world,nKate. And this is a major part of it.\" \"I know. And I will try.\" \"That is all I ask.\" As they headed out towards the stables it was beginning to get dark,nbut Leopold wanted to show her the horses. The stables were massive, andnas they walked in there was neighing heard from one of the back stalls,n\"That is my trusty stallion, Mordrid. He knows my voice.\" Kate looked amazed, \"Really?\" \"They are incredibly intelligent animals, Kate. I have raisednMordrid from a foal, and he will only allow Jack or myself to ride him.\" Asnthey passed the other stalls, there were horses of all sizes and colors.nKate couldn't imagine the need for so many. \"Why so many? You can't possibly ride them all.\" \"These here are for the carriage, and the pair of chestnut mares overnthere are my uncle and aunts. These 4 back here are mine.\" They reachednthe back stalls and the beautiful black stallion had his head out, andnLeopold gave him a pat, \"Hey, boy, I have missed you.\" Kate remembered thenday in central park and the way Leopold had handled the horse and then thenway he talked to the horse, like he really could communicate with him. \"He's beautiful.\" \"I think so, but a handful. Feisty as anything. It was no easy tasknto get him to accept Jack. He was a one-man horse, but Jack is incredible.nHe has the patience of a saint, and he kept at it. It was a relief when Inleft for New York, knowing that Mordrid was in capable hands.\" Kate hadnmoved on to the next stable, she was leary of patting the beautiful whitenmare. \"You can pet her, she is a true lady. This is Guinivere, she will benyour horse, Kate, if and when you choose to give it a go.\" \"Guinevere, Mordrid…where is Arthur and Lancelot.\" \"You know the legend of Arthur?\" \"Of course I do, Camelot and Merlin. My parents were obsessed withnmusicals, and Charlie and I watched the video over and over. Charlie wouldnpretend he was Lancelot, I think that was one of his first attempts at anFrench accent, and he would pretend to joust, sitting on one of the kitchennchairs. It was quite a sight.\" \"I am not sure what you mean by a musical.\" \"A musical is kind of like an opera, but lighter and not all singing.n Musicals are huge in New York. Camelot was a musical. King Arthur sangnabout what the king was doing tonight, and Guinevere danced in thencountryside barefoot singing the Lusty Month of May.\" \"It sounds delightful.\" \"Yes, I think the musical is right up your alley.\" She carefully patted Guinevere with Leopold's assistance. \"This allnseems so unreal to me. Like I am part of a play or something.\" \"It's very real, Kate.\" \"I know. And I will be riding a horse in the English countryside, andnI'll be waited on by my personal companion and my husband will be tinkeringnin his lab on his latest invention.\" He put his arms around her from behind while she continued to patnGuinevere, \"I am glad you brought me here.\" \"And I am ever so glad, you agreed to come. I don't know what Inwould do without you.\" She turned towards him, \"You will never have to think about thatnagain. I am not going anywhere.\" She took the initiative and kissed him,nonly to be interrupted by a sound coming from one of the stalls, it soundednlike someone crying. \"Leopold, did you hear that?\" \"It's nothing, just one of the horses.\" He was enjoying the kissingnand continued, ignoring the sound. Kate heard it again and gently pushed him away, \"Leopold, someone isncrying.\" She started moving towards the sound, Leopold reluctantlynfollowed. A few stalls toward the front, were empty and Kate looked in andnsaw Janet curled in a ball crying, she opened the door and got down on hernknees so she was at Janet's level, \"What is it, Janet? What's happened?\" Leopold joined them on the stable floor in the hay, and Janetnimmediately fell into his arms and he comforted her, Leopold looked overnher shoulder at Kate puzzled, \"I shouldn't have come back, Leopold, it wasna mistake. I will only make matters worse for everyone.\" \"That is utter nonsense. You belong here as much as I do. Janet,nwhat is going on? We cannot help unless you tell us.\" The stable door opened again and Jack stood behind them, \"Your grace,nthis is not your concern.\" He pried Janet out of Leopold's arms; \"I willnsee Janet to the house, where her mother can see to her. I am sorry toninconvenience you.\" \"Jack, what is going on?\" Jack turned and gave him a despairing look, this was not hownLeopold's homecoming was supposed to turn out and he was embarrassed. Hendidn't answer Leopold, instead put his arm around Janet and walked her upntowards the house. Leopold and Kate watched from the stable doors, \"Whatnis happening around here? I can't believe the change in a few months.nJack is probably my closest friend, next to Otis. This is not like him,nand Janet in tears. Something is not right.\" Kate didn't know what to say. Leopold's concern was obvious and evennshe felt something strange was going on. She put her arm around him, \"Thisnis not the homecoming you expected, obviously.\" \"I was hoping we could get through the wedding, before any majorndramatic occurrences developed but I was mistaken. I know I shouldn't be sonpersonally involved. Millard is right, they are only servants.\" \"They are your friends. Of course you care about them. I am surenJack will have an explanation for you in the morning. We should go back tonthe house, it must be getting close to dinner time.\" \"You are right. This will sort itself out in the morning, I am surenof it.\" He took her arm and they walked up towards the house. But Leopoldnwasn't sure of it and it was weighing on his mind. This was supposed to bena happy time, preparing for the wedding, but he couldn't just forget whatnhe had just witnessed in the stables. These were people he truly carednabout and he couldn't bear to see them this way.[Chapter 18] Jack took Janet up to the house, all the while scolding her, \"You hadnto go and open your big mouth, didn't you? Now Leopold is going to asknquestions and yes, that will cause trouble.\" She was sobbing, \"I am sorry, I wasn't thinking.\" \"He has that way with you doesn't he? It's been nearly 12 years, andnwithin a few minutes you are a complete wreck around him. Are you everngoing to grow up? You never think in his presence. You say whatever youndamn well please.\" \"Stop it. You yelling at me is not helping in the slightest. Inshouldn't have come back here \" \"And where would you have gone? This is your home, Janet. I am notnangry with you. You know how I feel about you. But, right now what isnimportant is to protect this estate from Lord Spencer, and anything you sayncould just make matters worse.\" They opened the backdoor of the kitchen, and Cook saw the state ofnJanet, \"My word, child, what has happened?\" Her mother, Mrs. Collins,nentered the room. She quickly went to her daughter, thanked Jack, andnhustled her upstairs to the servants' quarters. Once inside her room, her mother questioned her, \"What have you donennow? I bend over backwards securing a position for you, and this is thenthanks I get. Master Leopold did not have to take you on. I am beginningnto wonder if you can handle it.\" \"I can, Mother, really.\" \"I don't need for him to worry about you. He has enough on his plate,nand he is to be married, my dear girl. I can only imagine what hisnintended will make of your behavior. She is not some uneducated countryngirl. You have to be careful what you say at all times. I don't want anyntrouble. This is supposed to be a happy time.\" \"I know that, and I am truly happy for him, but he shouldn't havencome back here.\" \"I don't want to hear you talk this way again, and you best not say anword about how you feel to Master Leopold. Is that understood? Thenwedding is in a few weeks time and I want this house to be a house full ofnjoy. We have waited for this day for a long time and I won't have younspoil it. Lord Mountbatten would not think twice about sending you awaynagain. And I don't think I could bare it. So behave yourself, my dear.\" \"I will try.\" She was angry, \"You will not try, you will do as I say. You will nownclean yourself up, and take care of your duties as Miss Katherine'sncompanion. She will need her trunk unpacked and possibly a bath drawnnbefore bed. You will speak when spoken to and at no other time. Stay awaynfrom the Master of the house, is that understood?\" \"Yes, mam.\" \"And stay away from Lord Mountbatten, he is not fond of you andnanything we can do to keep his temper in check, we will do so. If Lord andnLady Spencer visit this house, which I am sure will happen in the next fewndays, you will make yourself scarce. \" \"Why don't you just make a list of who I can be seen with? It wouldnbe a lot easier. You wish I hadn't returned here, don't you?\" \"I wish the circumstances could be different. I thought once younwere married, you would settle down, and you'd be happy.\" \"It's all because of him, it's not my fault.\" She began to cry againnand her mother comforted her. \"I know. Things would have been different, had you remained here atnBalinor. But there is nothing we can do about the past now. We have tonlook towards the future, one day at a time, and right now the preparationsnfor Master Leopold's wedding are what is important.\" \"Of course.\" She said it with little conviction and her mothernnoticed. \"I have to get back to work, you will be alright?\" She nodded and her mother left. What was she thinking arranging fornher to be Leopold's fiancée's companion and what the hell did Leopold seenin her? She wore her hair very peculiar, and didn't talk like any lady shenhad ever met. But she knew Leopold. Or she had known Leopold. He wasnnever taken in by any woman. And she was sure that hadn't changed aboutnhim. She would have to make the effort to accept Kate. Jack was right, shenneeded to grow up. Everyone was tired from the day's journey, and the silence in thendrawing room after dinner, was eerie. Margaret tried to make lightnconversation about the wedding plans, but no one seemed very interested. \"Tomorrow, Katherine, we will start making the guest list and I willnsend word to my dressmaker, that you will need to fitted for your weddingndress. Leopold, I am hoping you will talk to Otis about arranging for antailor to measure you for your wedding clothes.\" \"I hardly need any new clothes, aunt.\" \"This is your wedding, Leopold. You will have a new suit; I willntalk to Otis myself. And have you any idea where you will be spending yournhoneymoon?\" \"I haven't thought about it.\" Kate could see Leopold was distant. Janet and Jack's behaviornweighed on his mind still. He had been extremely quiet during dinner. Henkept looking at his pocket watch. \"Well, it must be somewhere splendid. Paris would be lovely at thisntime of year.\" Kate's eyes lit up. Paris sounded wonderful. But she noticednLeopold's expression. He barely looked up from the newspaper he wasnskimming, he could hardly be reading it, the way his eyes wandered from hisnpocket watch to the door and back every few minutes, \"I have no desire tonspend another week on a ship at this time, aunt. I was thinking Cornwall.\" \"Cornwall! That isn't suitable.\" \"Can we discuss this in the morning, I am exhausted and I think Inshall retire for the evening.\" He leaned towards Kate and kissed her cheek, \"You don't mind do you,ndarling?\" \"Of course not. I was thinking the same actually.\" \"I will escort you to your room.\" He stood up and offered her his armnand then turned to his aunt and uncle, \"Goodnight, uncle…aunt. I promisento give you my undivided attention tomorrow on the subject of thenhoneymoon. Though I am sure you ladies are perfectly capable of arrangingnthe whole event without my impute.\" They walked up the stairs and Leopold stopped in front of her room,n\"I will be out for a morning ride early, but I will see you at breakfast.\" \"Leopold, are you alright?\" \"I am extremely tired, and I have a lot to do tomorrow.\" \"The wedding?\" He managed a smile, \"Yes, of course the wedding. It won't be longnnow. I look forward to that day.\" He gave her another kiss, \"Sweet dreams,nKate.\" His rooms were at the other end of the hall, and it seemed like milesnas she watched him walk down the long corridor. She turned to walk into hernroom and found Janet there unpacking her things, \"Miss Katherine, I didn'tnrealize you would be retiring so soon. I am nearly finished unpacking.nAnd I will draw you a bath if you would like.\" \"That sounds lovely.\" Kate looked at the woman; it was as if nothingnhad happened early in the afternoon. Kate sat on the chair near thenwardrobe and took off her shoes and let her hair down. Janet continuednwith the unpacking and took heed of her mother's advice. Don't speak unlessnspoken to. \"Janet, we were worried about you earlier this evening. Isneverything okay?\" \" Yes, miss, everything is fine. That time of the month, you know.nI get very teary eyed.\" \"I can relate to that.\" Kate was hoping Janet would open up, but shendid not budge. \"So you grew up here with Leopold.\" \"Yes, miss.\" Kate could see this was going to be difficult, \"Leopold mentionednyou've been in Scotland since you were 15.\" \"Scotland and India, miss.\" \"India? Really. That must have been exciting.\" \"Not really, miss.\" Janet found it hard, not to say anything else. She was so use tonsaying whatever she felt. \"What did you do there?\" \"I was a governess for the Earl of Bambridge's children.\" \"And what did you do in Scotland?\" \"Lord Mountbatten sent me to a woman's college when I was 15. When Infinished I was offered the governess position in the Bambridge household.nIt was very kind of Lord Mountbatten to give me the opportunity. OtherwisenI would probably have not risen much further than Cook's assistant or andownstairs maid. He believed I showed some promise in my studies. I oftenntook lessons with Master Leopold. As well as Jack, Master Leopoldninsisted, much to his uncle's disapproval.\" She realized she had said too much, \"I must go fetch the water fornyour bath, miss. I won't be long.\" \"Janet, wait.\" She turned and faced Kate. \"Obviously, this is difficult for you. Inknow you and Leopold were very close.\" \"I don't know what you are talking about, miss. I grew up here, butnthat is all. I am now here to do my job. That is all.\" \"Leopold was under the impression you were married.\" \"It was not to be. I don't see why any of this is important in mynjob as your personal companion.\" She was very defensive, something hernmother had warned her about. \"I am sorry, miss, I was out of line. Younwill forgive me. I need this job, and if you complain to Lord Mountbattennor my mother, well, I might not have it for very long.\" \"There is nothing to forgive. I wouldn't think of complaining tonLord Mountbatten. I am not his most favorite person. This is all new tonme, and I could use a friend. If I invaded your privacy, I am sorry. Inwas just hoping we could get to know each other.\" She thought about everything her mother had said, she had to bencareful what she said. \"I have been away a long time, this all feels verynnew to me too.\" Kate was glad to see her smile, \"Leopold values your friendship, henwas very concerned about you earlier.\" \"You must reassure him, that I am fine. He doesn't need to worrynabout me. I am not a child anymore. I have probably experienced more lifenin the last 12 years than he has.\" She didn't want to start crying again,nand took a deep breath, \"I really must fetch the water for your bath, miss.n Excuse me.\" She walked out of the room, and Kate sighed, undoing her dress andnrelaxing in a very unlady like fashion. Janet was interesting, that wasnfor sure. This obviously wasn't going to the relationship that Leopold hadnwith Otis. They were mismatched and Janet had no desire to get close tonKate in any way. At least that was what Kate saw. Leopold was edgy and paced the floor of his sitting room while Otisnwas preparing his bath, he wouldn't stop talking and Otis listened asnalways, \"Something is going on here. And why isn't anyone filling me in onnwhat is happening? This is my home, Otis. I have a servant makingnoutbursts about how her stay here will only cause trouble, a groomsmen whontells me it is not my concern. My aunt is only concerned about my weddingnattire and where the honeymoon will take place. How am I suppose to thinknof this wedding when I see people I care about, behaving in such a manner.\" \"Well, sir, Janet has always been melodramatic.\" \"When she was 15,yes. But she is a grown woman. And I thought shenwas married in Scotland or somewhere. Why was I told she was married, whennobviously she is not.\" \"I believe the whole household was told she was married, sir. No onenis keeping anything from you. Cook said, she arrived at Balinor a weeknago. A sight for sore eyes, I am told. Slept for 3 days straight.\" \"Then something is dreadfully wrong.\" \"I really think you should let it go. Your aunt is right, you have anwedding to prepare for. You owe it to Kate.\" \"I have not forgotten the wedding, Otis. But it is extremelyndifficult to be happy about something, when someone I care about isnsuffering. And what does Jack have to do with all of this?\" \"They have always been close, sir.\" \"I realize that, but Jack has never spoken to me in such a manner. Inconsider him a close friend.\" \"Sir, this has always been hard for you to understand. It isnextremely difficult to have a friendship with a someone not of yournstation.\" \"Otis, you and I are friends.\" \"As much as we can be, sir. Once you went away to university, andnyou were a man, Jack and Janet were left behind. They weren't allowed toncross over the line. Allowances were made when you were all children.nYour Aunt agreed it was healthy for you to have companions your own age.nThat is why they were allowed to take lessons with you and you playedntogether. If your uncle would have had his way, there would have been noncontact with them whatsoever. You don't remember the devastation they feltnwhen you returned from University and ignored them. Especially Janet.\" \"I never ignored them.\" \"I am afraid you did, sir. It was around the time, you met Millicent.n You also became engrossed in your studies and your obsession with anythingnmechanical. There was no time, for either one of them. I don't believenyou ever meant to hurt them, and they understood. Jack did anyhow. Youncan't expect to be close to them now. You have to leave this problem,nwhatever it is alone. Janet has Jack now. She won't be running to you anynlonger, especially with Kate here. I suggest you get in the bath, sir andntry to relax. You will feel better in the morning, after your ride.\" \"I have been to them, what I despise in others. I am a hypocrite.nNo better than my uncle or even worse Edgar Spencer.\" \"I wouldn't be so hard on yourself. Everyone in this house adoresnworking for you. You are kind and compassionate, and nothing like LordnSpencer whatsoever. You are working yourself up, and it is only addingnfuel to the fire, sir.\" Leopold stopped pacing and looked towards Otis, \"You are right. Whatnis done is done and I can't do anything about it tonight. I will have thatnbath now.\" \"Very good, sir. Wise decision.\" He smiled at Otis, \"Your decisions usually are.\"[Chapter 19] Janet woke in the middle of night, drenched with sweat and breathingnheavy. The dream had come again. This was the first time the dream hadncome to her at Balinor, and it frightened her. She was supposed to be safenhere. This was where she had always felt safe. She got out of bed and litna candle, and not giving it a second thought went out into the hall. Shenwas barefoot and hadn't even bothered to put on a dressing gown. She creptndown the stairs to the 2nd floor where Lord and Lady Mountbatten's bednchambers as well as, Kate's and Leopold's were. She stood outsidenLeopold's door far to long, what was she thinking. She was confused andndistraught and felt very alone here in the place she once called home. Shenquickly went down the stairs and out the kitchen door, heading for thenstables. Kate had heard noises on the landing and had gone to her door, whennshe looked out the corridor was empty but she thought she saw something onnthe stairs. It was probably just her imagination. Who would be up at thisnhour? It had to be about 2am. She went back into her room and looked outnthe window. Her window faced the back of the house, and she saw a scantilynclad figure running across the grass towards the stable. Kate couldn'tnmake out who it was, she had only briefly met the staff today, and fromnthis distance it could have been anyone. The moonlight on the figure gavenit an eerie feel and she felt like she was part of a gothic mystery. It wasnso quiet, except for the wind. She was so use to cars and trucks in thenstreets at all hours, and this stillness made your imagination run wild.nShe decided she needed to go straight back to bed before she really startednto get creeped out. Jack's room was right off the stables. It was small but adequate fornhim. He was rarely in it, only to sleep. And Jack liked his sleep. Henwas only likely to wake up when he heard disturbance in the stables. So itnwas strange when he felt something move beside him. He started to stir andnrealized he had company, \"What in god's name…\" Janet put her hand over his mouth, \"It's only me, Jack.\" How many times had Jack thought about Janet in his bed? He quicklynchanged this thought and tried to think properly, \"What's happened now?\" \"I couldn't sleep, I had that dream again, the one I told you about,nand I couldn't stay in my room. I didn't know where to go.\" \"So you came to me.\" \"I feel safe with you.\" \"If anyone catches you here, we could both lose our jobs, you donrealize that don't you?\" \"No one will catch me here. Please let me stay. I don't want to gonback to the house.\" He knew she was frightened and she felt cold. \"You are cold. What were you thinking coming out in the cold nightnair without anything on your feet or a dressing gown.\" \"As usual I wasn't thinking.\" He pulled the covers up around her and she cuddled up close to him.nShe had no idea the effect she had on him. She never had. She was alwaysnfollowing Leopold like a puppy dog, oblivious to what Jack felt for her.n\"You can stay, but you have to leave at sunrise. Leopold is planning tonride in the morning, and he can't find you here.\" \"It would be rather funny, wouldn't it? Me in your bed. I wondernwhat he would think?\" \" He will not find out. Now, shut up, and go to sleep.\" Lying in his arms made her feel secure again, and she was asleep in anmatter of minutes. But that was not to be the case for Jack, who lay awakenholding her, and thought of what could be. Leopold was up at the crack of dawn, Otis helped into his riding gearnand when he arrived at the stables, he was surprised the horses were notnbridled and saddled. This was not like Jack. He was always so efficient.nHe walked through the stables and called out his name, Jack was awoken fromnhis sleep, Janet still lying beside him. He hadn't slept much so he wasndisoriented until he heard his name again. \"Oh, dear, God…Leopold.\" He shook Janet, she stirred and opened her eyes, \"You need to get out ofnhere, we have overslept and Leopold is in the stables.\" \"How am I suppose to get out of here without him seeing me?\" \"Why did I ever allow you to stay here last night?\" \"Because you are a true friend, the only one I have.\" He climbed out of bed, \"I will distract Leopold, while you make yournway up to the house, and don't even think about going through the kitchen,nCook will see you.\" She pulled him back down on the bed and kissed his cheek, whichntotally took him by surprise. \"You are the best, Jack.\" He pulled on a pair of pants and his boots, and quickly grabbed anshirt that was draped over a chair, he was still buttoning his shirt whennhe opened the door and ran straight into Leopold, \"Your grace, I am trulynsorry, about this inconvenience, I will have the horses saddled and bridlednin no time.\" Jack closed the door behind him quickly before Leopold had a chancento see inside. Leopold was curious about Jack's behavior, normally Jacknwas calm and collected, he was definitely on edge this morning and Leopoldnassumed it had something to do with Janet and the incident in the stablesnyesterday. \"I can help.\" \"You sure, you don't mind?\" \"I am perfectly capable of saddling my own horse.\" \"Of course you are, your grace.\" \"Jack, please refrain from calling me that. I realize in thenpresence of others it is expected, but as long as we are alone, there is nonneed.\" \"Certainly, sir, if that is what you wish.\" He was glad to get Leopold to the stalls in the back, where Mordridnand Guinevere were kept, this would give Janet the opportunity to get outnof his room. He handed Leopold the saddle and bridle, then got Guinevere'snand they headed back towards the stalls. Jack was quiet, but Leopold hadnplenty on his mind and was determined to find some answers. \"I know you don't believe it is my concern, but I find Janet'snbehavior yesterday very troubling. I know she has been away a long time,nand the adjustment to life here from what she experienced in Scotland willntake some time for her to get used to, but it is not like her to have suchnoutbursts.\" \"Sir, Janet was in India, not Scotland.\" \"India? What was she doing in India?\" Jack helped Leopold tighten the saddle and stopped looking over atnhim, \"The Earl had business there. He took the whole family.\" \"And what about her impending marriage?\" \"I really shouldn't be discussing this matter with you. Janet hasnconfided in me, Leopold, I mean sir.\" There was a loud noise coming fromnthe front of the stable, and Leopold turned. Jack put his hand to hisnhead, she had let the door slam shut, and Leopold caught glimpse of her asnshe ran up towards the house. He moved to the entrance of the stable, andnrealized it was Janet in her nightclothes. He then turned back to Jack. \"I believe it is my business now, don't you think?\" \"It isn't what you think, sir.\" \"And what do you believe I am thinking?\" \"Janet has no feeling for me what so ever.\" \"And when has that ever stopped other men from taking advantage ofnwomen.\" He could tell Leopold was cross with him. \"I think you know me better than that, sir. She came to me in thennight after a disturbing nightmare. I knew it was a bad idea, but Incouldn't turn her away. Nothing happened. She slept, I didn't. That isnwhy; I didn't have the horses ready this morning. I must have dozed off atnsome point, and then I overslept.\" Leopold lightened up, \"You are a good friend to her, Jack. And I amnsure having her in your bed was very tempting.\" Leopold knew Jack hadnalways fancied her, even the years she was away. They had kept in touch. \"More than you will ever know, but it is not to be. So is it safe tonsay, I have not jeopardized mine and hers position?\" \"I would be daft if I ever let you go. No one has the skills withnhorses that you have, and I enjoy your company on my rides. Your positionnis not in jeopardy. As for, Janet, she always has a place here at Balinor,nbut I think it's imperative I know what is going on.\" \"All I can say is that she got in with the wrong company in India.nShe made bad choices.\" \"This man, she was to marry, he withdrew his proposal?\" \"I am afraid so.\" \"On what grounds?\" \"I really am not inclined to say anything else. It was for the best.n She would've been miserable with him, but she is ashamed of the wholenincident. That is why she was in tears yesterday. She feels she has letnher mother down.\" Jack was leaving out a lot of the story, \"It took her anlong time, to finally come home.\" \"And that is all?\" Leopold felt he was leaving something out. \"Yes. I am sure your upcoming marriage, is not helping matters. Itnis only a reminder of what could've been. She is having an extremelyndifficult time.\" \"I should talk to her.\" \"That isn't a good idea. She is not the same girl that left here 12nyears ago.\" Jack didn't know what else to say. Just like Janet wasnoblivious to Jack's feelings for her, Leopold had no idea how Janet feltnabout him. In Janet's state at this time, it was best Leopold was kept asnfar away from her as possible. \"I do know what you are saying. It was so easy when we werenchildren. Our friendship was accepted. I now am expected to mix with mynboring stuffy neighbors, or attend galas with other members of royalty.nThis is not the life I have chosen, Jack. I consider you a friend, and Inwill always consider you a friend. I don't really give a damn who looksndown their nose at it. What the 3 of us had together growing up wasnincredibly important to me. And I know when I went away to University,nthings changed but I have never forgotten what you and Janet meant to me.\" Jack was silent for a minute. \"It can never be the way it was,nLeopold. It just can't. I accept that, and I know you are still a friend,nas well as my employer. And a might good one at that. I love what I donand the people I work with. You have made this place what it is and we arenall grateful to be working for you.\" \"But Janet has not accepted it.\" \"She has been away a long time. She will accept it. She was only 15nwhen she left here. I have no doubt in my mind she will adjust.\" As hensaid this, he felt differently. Could she adjust? He wasn't so sure. Both horses were saddled and they lead them out of the stables. Oncenmounted, Leopold let go of his concerns and gave Mordrid a swift kick andnwas off. Jack followed on Guinevere. The ride proved invigorating and he stopped at the top of a hill tonsurvey the estate below him. It was a sight he never tired of. This wasnall his, and he would not let anything happen to it. There was a sound ofnhorse hoofs behind them and Jack and Leopold turned to find they hadncompany. Edgar Spencer sat proudly on his stallion and smiled. A smile thatnalways irritated Leopold, because it always seemed wicked. \"Well, if itnisn't the Duke of Albany returned from his quest for a bride in America.nAnd I heard you were successful. I do believe, we all had given up on you.n Rumor had it you were not interested in the eligible females thrown yournway, because you just weren't interested in females of any sort.\" Leopold was not about to rise to his bait. Something Edgar was fondnof throwing his way. \"Edgar, as always a joy to see you.\" He saidnsarcastically. \"Oh, come, now Leopold, we are grown ups now, and what is past isnpast, we should put aside our differences and be civil to one another. Wenare neighbors, for the time being.\" Leopold did not like the tone of hisnvoice one bit and did not like his choice of words. \"I have no intention of leaving Balinor, so I can assume by thatncomment you are looking for residence elsewhere.\" \"I could never leave my family home, Leopold. I was just makingncomment on the financial difficulty your family has found themselves in andnthere is a possibility of losing Balinor.\" \"You can be assured that will never happen, as long as I am alive.\" Edgar chuckled, \"Same old, Leopold. So proud and honorable. I wouldnbe careful of your choice of words. I have known many a gentleman who havenlost their lives for some noble and gallant deed. Is Balinor really worthnthat, Leopold?\" \"I will not be discussing my families financial situation with younnow, or at anytime in the present. If that is all you have to say, we willnexcuse ourselves and continue with our ride.\" \"Don't get all in a huff, for god's sake. I was just making lightnconversation. In fact, I was on my way to Balinor to invite you to a ballnin your honor at Westlake this Saturday. Millicent thought it wasnappropriate to give you a proper welcome home and to celebrate yournengagement. We are both anxious to meet your fiancé.\" \"How is Millicent?\" \"Well, I must say she is not the raving beauty you will remember.nShe has deteriorated considerably in the past few years. A shame really.nAnd she has been unable to give me an heir. She has not turned out to benthe wife I had imagined, but she is with child now, and there is hope thatnI will have the son I long for at long last.\" Leopold found the way he talked about her disgraceful. But Edgar wasnalways like that. \"Kate and I would love to attend the ball. Please givenMillicent, my love and tell her I look forward to seeing her on Saturday.\" \"Of course your aunt and uncle are invited as well. It should be annight to remember.\" He then turned to Jack, \"Jack, I have heard rumor thatnMrs. Collins' daughter has returned to Balinor.\" Jack looked surprised. \"Yes, my lord, she has.\" Edgar then looked at Leopold, \"I am amazed that you would even thinknof offering her a position under the circumstances, Leopold.\" \"Janet will always have a place in my home.\" \"Then you obviously do not know what has taken place in the last fewnyears. I happen to know the gentleman she was engaged to.\" \"Edgar, I really don't have time for this, and I will not listen tongossip of any sort.\" \"I can assure you this is not gossip.\" \"Jack, we will be on our way now. Edgar, it was a pleasure and Inwill see you on Saturday.\" He gave Mordrid a kick and didn't look back.nJack looked at Edgar, and Edgar warned him, \"You watch yourself, Jack and Inadvice you watch out for your friend as well. That one is trouble.\" Jack wanted to say something back, but decided against it and headedndown the hill after Leopold.[Chapter 20] Leopold was not in a good mood when he arrived back at the stables.nJack had tried to catch up with him, but it was next to impossible. Jacknhad never seen him in such a mood, and it concerned him. Mordrid was anvery temperamental horse, and could sense his master's mood. This was notna good thing, under the certain mood Leopold was obviously in. But Jacknwas relieved when he found Leopold dismounting in front of the stables andnquickly got off his horse to assist him. \"I wouldn't pay any attention to him. You know Lord Spencer, isnoften all talk. He loves to make waves.\" \"Nothing has changed. He has been gone 10 years and he still has anway of getting under my skin in the worst possible way.\" Jack took hold of Mordrid's reigns, \"You handled him very well, butnthen you always have.\" \"I am not handling it very well at all, Jack. I come across that waynto his face, but he has always caused trouble as far as this family isnconcerned. I don't trust him. He has obviously ruined Millicent's life,nand I wouldn't be surprised in the slightest if he has something to do withnJanet and her broken engagement…and I have to think about Kate.\" Jackncould tell he was worried. \"He is determined to make my life as unpleasantnas possible, through everyone I care about.\" \"He has met his match, Leopold. You are far wiser than he will evernbe; show him what the Duke of Albany is made up of it. Don't allow him tonbring you to his level. That is what he wants.\" \"I see your point. Sometimes my temper gets the best of me, I shouldnnot have stormed off.\" \"Actually, you did that well. I loved the whole \"always a pleasure,nEdgar\". Nice touch. He can't stand your niceties.\" Leopold smiled, he and Jack were actually having a conversationnbetween friends. \"He did warn me when I rode off. Told me to watch my back andnJanet's. You know he's done enough damage. If you ever need my assistancenin dealing with the prick, pardon my language, your grace,\" he smiled, \"Inam at your service.\" \"It is good to know I can count on you, Jack. I am hoping it won'tncome to that.\" Leopold looked at his pocket watch and realized he needed to get upnto the house for breakfast. He was enjoying Jack's company and would havenliked to have spent more time with him. Jack noticed Leopold's hesitancy innleaving. \"I am sure Miss Katherine will be expecting to have breakfast withnyou. You should go.\" \"I have thoroughly enjoyed our ride this morning, even running intonEdgar. It is gratifying to know we have a mutual disgust for Lord Spencer,nand there's nothing like an intelligent conversation to begin the day. Inknow things can't be the same as they were when we were boys, but havingnyou as a friend is extremely significant to me. I want you to know, Jack,nif you ever need anything, or just need someone to talk to, I am alwaysnavailable. \" \"And the same goes for me. You always know where I am. Of course itnwon't be the same now that you will be a married man. I can remember allnthe talks we had about the women who would fling themselves onto you.\" Leopold smiled remembering those days. \"Janet would go off in anhuff, she found it very annoying when we excluded her.\" \"I think she found it more annoying that she wasn't the center ofnattention. \" \"She was a handful back then.\" \"She is a handful now.\" \"You will take care of her, won't you, Jack? I am sure I don't even havento ask you that question. You already seem to have helped her through thenlast few days. I do believe you have more of a chance with her than younthink possible. Being friends is how every relationship should begin. Shenwill come around.\" Jack would've loved to believe he had a chance, but he didn't see it.n Janet would always love Leopold, but Jack was hoping that Leopold'snmarriage would finally snap her out of this infatuation with a man shencould never have. \"I am hoping you are right, but she is not like any other woman Inhave ever known.\" Leopold smiled, \"I find myself repeating that phrase quite often innregards to Kate. Women like Kate and Janet are rarities in this world,nthey require a little more effort on our part, but in the long run, wellnworth it.\" \"Effort isn't the word I would have used. Hard work is more like it.n Janet is hard work.\" He patted Jack on the back, \"You are doing fine. She obviouslynvalues your friendship immensely. Don't give up.\" He then headed up to the house to join his family for breakfast. Kate awoke to Janet opening the drapes in her room, \"I am sorry,nMiss, but her ladyship insisted I wake you. She would like you to join hernfor breakfast.\" \"Is Leopold back from his ride?\" \"He should be back shortly and will join you in the dining room.\" Nothing had changed. Janet was still short and to the point, everyntime Kate addressed her, and Kate found it extremely annoying. She wasndetermined to break through. She sat up in bed and stretched, \"I am sure I will be expected to gonover the wedding preparations. Leopold's aunt is obsessed with this wholenaffair. So tell me, Janet, what do I need to expect from a Royal wedding?\" \"I wouldn't know, miss, I have never had the opportunity to attendnone, or will ever have for that matter, being of a lower station in life.\" Her tone of voice was very cynical sounding and this made Kate anlittle angry. \"I think you need to get one thing straight, Janet. I am nondifferent than you. My parents were hard working people. I had no specialnprivileges, and by no means have ever had a maid. When my parents werenkilled in a car accident,\" she realized she had slipped up and correctednherself quickly, hoping Janet hadn't notice, \"train accident..I was in mynfirst year of college, my brother was 15. I know what a hard life is like.nI went to college, and worked, and took care of him. I also put him throughncollege. I am not use to this. I have never been so idle in my wholenlife. So don't assume that I come from some fancy pancy household, where Insat around and embroidered or knitted or whatever ladies around here do.nBecause that wasn't the case. I am more like you than you think.\" Janet was a bit surprised by her outburst, and thoughts went throughnher head, how did Leopold end up with her? How did she slip by Millard?nShe had no money, what good what she do the family? Janet knew that Millardnhad been looking for a suitable wife for Leopold. A suitable rich wife.nShe was very curious, and part of her found her interesting and someone shencould possibly talk to, but inside what she felt for Leopold was to strong,nand before she could stop herself she said, \"You are nothing like me. Younare marrying Leopold, I am not.\" It was too late, she had said it, andnthere was nothing she could do about it. \"Are you in love with Leopold?\" \"What kind of question is that? He is my employer. I was justnpointing out that you are marrying a Duke, and your life is alreadynincredibly different than mine. You will go to London and be introduced tonsociety, and attend galas and balls and wear beautiful gowns. You can talknall you want about your hard life, and how similar it is to mine, but allnthat matters now is you will be the Duchess of Albany and you will have annheir as soon as possible. Because that is what is important to a man, tonhave an heir. That is what wives are good for.\" \"You are a very bitter young woman.\" \"You have no idea, what my life has been like.\" She was on the vergenof tears and held them back. \"You're right, I don't. And I am truly sorry, if some man has hurtnyou. We are getting off to a bad start, here. I don't want you to hatenme. Can't we try to get along?\" \"I am here to do my job, I didn't choose to be your companion, but Inneed the job.\" \"You have a bad attitude. And you know, I don't want you to losenyour job, so you need to try to get along with me. I am really not thatnbad. In fact, you might find that I am good listener…a good talker too. Indon't want to have to tell Leopold, this isn't working out.\" \"You wouldn't?!\" \"I don't want to, but if you keep up the attitude problem, I will seenno alternative.\" \"I am truly, sorry, miss. I will try and be more congenial in thenfuture. I can't lose this job. No one else would have me.\" Kate stood up and went to the washbowl and splashed water on hernface, Janet handed her a towel. They faced each other, silent. \"So let'snstart again. What do you say?\" Janet nodded. \"So what do you think is appropriate to wear downstairs fornbreakfast?\" Janet took out a simple lavender dress and Kate took it from her, andnwent behind a screen in the corner to change. As she changed she couldnpeek over the top of the screen and she continued to talk to Janet, \"Indon't know how you do it, day in and day out with all these horriblenundergarments and tight dresses.\" \"Do you mean, they aren't wearing this type of thing in America?\" \"Not where I come from, believe me. Give me a pair of pants anynday.\" \"Pants, as in gentlemen's underwear, Miss?\" \"Sorry, trousers. That is what you call them here.\" \"You wore trousers in America?\" \"Whenever I could.\" \"I think I would like America, Miss. I can't bear dresses. I usednto get away with wearing trousers when I was young, Jack and Master Leopoldnalways gave me their hand me downs when they outgrew them. It reallynirritated my mother, she tried desperately to make me into a lady.\" \"I would have liked to have known Leopold back then.\" Janet remembered what it was like. They had lessons together andnthen the 3 of them would go off riding in the woods. They treated her likenone of the boys, and she liked it that way until they started gettingninterested in women and were forever discussing the latest parlor maid, orncook's assistant. She was disgusted by their talk and would go off in ansulk. But most of the time it was pure bliss. They would watch the cloudsngo by, or sail toy boats on the lake. She had never wanted those days tonend, and then Leopold had gone away to university and nothing was to be thensame again. She snapped out of her daydream and Kate was glaring at her. \"You were thinking about those times?\" She nodded. \"It was wonderful back then, but things change. We havento grow up.\" \"Growing up is overrated. We were always so anxious to grow up, andnthen it happens and all we want is our youth back. I think everyone feelsnthat way.\" Janet had grown up way to fast and the memories of the summer; shenwas 15 were ones she would rather forget. Kate could tell she was innanother world and as she came out from behind the screen she went tonJanet's side. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yes, miss, I am fine.\" She helped Kate tie the sash on the dressnand was surprised when Kate put her hair up with one hand. Janet went tonthe window and saw Leopold and Jack outside the stables, \"You better getndown to breakfast, Master Leopold is back.\" Kate noticed the way Janet didnnot budge from the window. It seemed fairly obvious she was smitten withnhim, probably some childhood crush from years ago. It didn't bother Kate atnall. In fact, she found it rather charming. Obviously, Leopold had no clue.nWhich wasn't surprising, but Kate felt a bit bad. This poor girl had beennjilted by her fiancé, and the wedding was sure to be difficult for her. Atnleast, she was coming around and that was a start. Kate sat at the breakfast table, and listened to Margaret talk aboutnthe wedding. It was obvious she wasn't going to have any say in it at all.n There was talk about the parties they would have to attend in London priornto the wedding and the dress fitting, the invites and the wedding breakfastnthat would precede the wedding. Kate found it boring and nibbled on a piecenof toast, looking towards the door, in hopes that Leopold would soon rescuenher from all this. He finally pranced in the room and her eyes lit up, hensmiled and leaned over giving her a kiss on the cheek, he rolled his eyesnat the clutter on the table. Sketches of wedding dresses, different stylesnof writing for the invitations and Aunt Margaret's guest list. He couldnsee that the number of guests already exceeded the amount he was thinkingnof, and she was obviously not finished. He pointed his finger at the papernand addressed his aunt, \"I am afraid aunt, that you will never fit thatnmany people in the chapel here at Balinor, what were you thinking, that wenwould be wed at St. Paul's or some other equally monstrosity of ancathedral.\" \"Well, since you mentioned it, Leopold. I do believe it would onlynbe fitting that you have the wedding in London.\" \"Definitely not.\" He stood his ground and sat down next to Kate, picking up a piece ofntoast and grabbing the newspaper. \"Leopold, this is the only wedding you will ever have.\" \"Precisely, and I will not have a spectacle. I don't even know thenmajority of people on your guest list.\" \"But they know you.\" Parker walked in holding a letter, \"Your grace, a letter has justnarrived for you.\" He took it from Parker and saw the seal, Margaret couldn't help butnnotice. She looked very excited and Leopold rolled his eyes once again.n\"Do you have anything to do with this?\" He started to open the letter, and read it silently. Flinging it ontonthe table where it landed in front of Kate, she saw the signature. \"This isnfrom the Queen.\" \"Her majesty, requests are presence at a gala in a fortnight. Shenbelieves it would be appropriate for you to be acquainted with othernmembers of royalty before you take your nuptials, and she insists that thenwedding take place at St. Paul's cathedral.\" Margaret was all smiles, \"Wonderful. This is all falling nicely intonplace.\" Kate could picture St. Paul's. The steps where the bird lady sang,n\"Feed the Birds\" in Mary Poppins. Leopold was right about it beingnmonstrous. \"You cannot deny Kate the wedding she deserves.\" Kate looked up; she hadn't been consulted about any of this. He looked over at Kate, \"Is this the wedding you want?\" She didn't know what to say. She looked from Leopold to Margaret, \"Inreally don't have any idea, what a royal wedding should be. I really likednthe idea of the chapel here at Balinor.\" \"Kate, you haven't experienced St. Paul's cathedral. It isnbeautiful. You would not be disappointed, I assure you.\" Just then Millard stormed into the dining room in a rage, Kate wasnglad, she wouldn't have to discuss the wedding for the time being, whichnwas fine by her. \"Leopold, what is the meaning of hiring Janet Collins withoutnconsulting me. She is inadequate as a companion for Katherine. What werenyou thinking?\" \"This is my house, and I don't have to consult you on such matters.nShe will make a fine companion for Kate.\" He looked towards Kate, to get some sort of reaction on how thingsnwere going and he could tell by the look on her face, not that good. \"When I sent her away 12 years ago, it was for good reasons and Innever expected her to come back here.\" \"She has nowhere to go. No references. She is the daughter of thenbest housekeeper this family has ever had, she is family.\" \"Not as far as I am concerned.\" Margaret was reading the queen's letter and ignoring Millard, \"Fornheaven's sake, the only thing that is important right now is the wedding,nMillard. Sit down and be quiet. Janet is the least of our worries. Therenis so much to be done in such a short time. If you dislike the girl sonmuch, I will make sure she stays out of your way.\" Leopold smiled at his aunt, knowing that his uncle wouldn't evenncontemplate arguing with her. Millard scowled at Leopold, \"This matter isnnot closed, Leopold. Once the wedding takes place, she will have to go.\" Leopold just smiled, knowing to leave it for the time being. He tooknhold of Kate's hand, \"before we were so rudely interrupted, I believe wenwere discussing the wedding that Kate and myself would prefer. Or have younforgotten, we are to be the bride and groom.\" \"Millard, tell your nephew that it would be unfitting for him to turnndown the suggestion of her majesty. The wedding must be at St. Pauls.\" \"I will not be involved in this fiasco. I don't want the wedding tontake place at all, as you recall, and the mere idea of having Kate makenfool of herself in front of the royal family makes my skin crawl.\" Kate wasn't going to take this, \"You are doing it again, acting likenI am not in the room. Well, I am in the room and this is my wedding. Indon't want to be married at St. Paul's cathedral; I want to be married herenat Balinor, where Leopold's parents were married. I don't want to benfitted for a dress, if it's all right with Leopold I would like to wear hisnmother's dress. I noticed it was hanging in the wardrobe. I think itnwould fit. If not, maybe I can have it altered.\" Leopold sat back, with a satisfied grin on his face. Proud of Katenspeaking her mind, \"I think my mother's dress is a wonderful idea. I wouldnbe pleased if you chose to wear it. Aunt Margaret, I think you will havento start another guest list. The chapel here at Balinor will suit us fine.nI will reply to her Majesty's letter and thank her for the suggestion ofnSt. Paul's. I am sure she will respect our wishes of being married here,nwhere my parents were wed.\" \"Leopold, you are making a mistake.\" \"I am always making mistakes, but they are my mistakes, Aunt. I amnsure this will not effect your position in society. I will tell hernmajesty we will accept her invitation to the gala, and Kate will not make anfool of herself, Uncle. Does that make you happy, aunt Margaret?\" \"I want it to be perfect, Leopold.\" Leopold knew she was thinking this would be the only wedding shenwould ever have any involvement in, having no children of her own. \"Younwill be busy arranging our social schedule while we are in London, and ofncourse I will leave the preparations for the wedding breakfast entirely innyour hands.\" \"You will be making the social rounds, Leopold? I just assumed…\" \"I realize it is totally out of character for me. I cannot fathomnmost of my peers and their families, but I know what it means to you. Katenmight enjoy it.\" She got up and moved over to him, giving him a hug and kiss, \"Thank-nyou.\" \"It will be a beautiful wedding, Aunt.\" \"Of course it will, we couldn't have a prettier bride and the mostnhandsome groom I have ever seen.\" Millard grunted, \"Alright, enough. I can't bear this saccharinenbabble. Do you think we could speak of something else, while I am tryingnto enjoy my breakfast. I am anxious to hear about your ride this morning,nLeopold. How did the estate look.\" \"Splendid. And we ran into Edgar Spencer.\" Millard nearly choked on his toast. They had only been at Balinor forna day, and already Edgar had appeared to stir up trouble and Janet Collinsnwas his future neice's personal companion. What could possibly go wrongnnext?[Chapter 21] Saturday night arrived sooner than anyone anticipated. The week hadnbeen a busy one. Kate had spent every afternoon, with Jack and Leopoldnlearning to ride and was surprised she was enjoying it and getting the hangnof it faster than she thought possible. Margaret was frantically preparingnfor the upcoming wedding as well as contacting only the best families innLondon for them to visit in a week's time, making the social circles andnintroducing Kate. Millard had rarely been seen. Kate had been curiousnwhen he tended to lock the door of his study, for hours on end. Leopoldninformed her this was not unusual, he hated to be disturbed when dealingnwith business. It amazed Kate, that Leopold didn't seem to have much of anconcern for his family's fortune, or maybe he did and just didn't want hernto worry. Leopold had been busy in his lab, working on his elevator, andnwas hoping to be able to patent it soon after the wedding. Janet had beennquiet. She had listened to her mother, and stayed out of trouble, butntonight was the ball at Lord Spencer's and it had been on everyone's minds.n No one knew what to expect, but they dressed in their finest and ancarriage departed Balinor shortly after 7, to take them to Westlake Manor. Once they were off Janet headed down to the stables, all the othernservants had gathered in the kitchen, for their dinner and gossip. Shenwanted no part of it. She knew Jack would still be in the stables. Nextnto Otis, he worked harder than anyone at Balinor. She found him withnMordrid, and she managed to pull herself up onto the bottom half of thenstable door, \"Why aren't you eating with the others?\" \"Maggie wouldn't shut up about her new beau, and her voice is so highnpitched and irritating.\" \"So you thought you would bother me?\" \"I am here to keep you company.\" \"I am almost finished, actually. I was looking forward to Cook'snSheppard pie, and I might possibly head into the village to have a pintnwith some of the local lads.\" \"Oh.\" \"I'd invite you along, but it isn't any place for a lady's personalncompanion.\" He teased. \"You know, Jack, she is hardly a lady. I have learnt a lot aboutnMiss Katherine this past week. She is an odd one.\" \"I am sure she would say the same about you.\" \"She likes to wear trousers and where she comes from it's allowed.nAnd she has had a job. And look at her hair, and the way she talks. Shenhardly ever sits up straight. She told me, her family has no money.\" \"So what? Leopold loves her.\" \"What do you think of her?\" \"She is pleasant enough, fairly attractive, good sense of humor,nintelligent. But it really doesn't matter what you and I think, does it?\"nHe could tell by the look on her face, she had something on her mind. \"Of course you are right, but I think there is more to Miss McKaynthan meets the eye. She didn't bring anything from her home. Isn't thatnweird?\" \"Give it a rest, Janet. Nothing you do will change the fact thatnLeopold is marrying her in two weeks time.\" \"You really think I would do something to sabotage the wedding?\" \"I wouldn't put it past you.\" \"I wouldn't. I am just curious.\" \"And as I recall, curiosity killed the cat.\" \"You are no fun. I am dying to know what will be going on tonightnthough. Aren't you?\" \"No, I really haven't thought about it at all.\" \"Edgar and Leopold are hardly best of friends and Millicent will benthere drooling over Leopold, no doubt.\" \"Much like you do?\" \"Don't be stupid. I don't drool. I would love to be a fly on thenwall tonight at that ball.\" He was finishing up with Mordred and helped her off the door, \"Don'tnyou even think about going anywhere near that place, Janet.\" They walked out of the stables, \"Why would I be thinking of goingnthere? I wouldn't be allowed in.\" \"The last time you were at Westlake spying, you got yourself into anhell of a lot of trouble.\" \"Believe me, I haven't forgotten. But I was a child then, and I nownhave more sense.\" He rolled his eyebrows, \"Sense. Let's see, I haven't seen much sensenin the past few years of your adult life. Getting involved with thatnCaptain was very sensible.\" \"Enough, we don't need to bring any of that up. I promise I won't donanything stupid.\" \"Right you aren't, you are coming up to dinner with me, and I willnpass on the pint and you and I can play chess.\" \"Boring. You go hang out with the lads; I have plenty to do aroundnhere. I don't need you to baby-sit.\" They had dinner together, and Jack saddled up Merlin, one ofnLeopold's horses. As he mounted the horse, he looked down at Janet who hadncome down to the stables to see him off, \"I won't be long. Maybe when I getnback, we can do something.\" \"Like what do you have in mind, Jack…and no chess.\" \"I think talking is quite a good idea.\" He felt awkward. \"Talking.\" She almost started to laugh. This frustrated Jack, \"Fine, do what you like. Maybe I will be long.n Maybe I will find myself a lady friend for the evening.\" As he started to ride off, Janet realized something she had nevernnoticed before. Jack wanted to spend time with her as more than a friend.nCould that be possible? She tried calling after him, \"Jack, I didn't meannto make you cross. I would love to do something with you later.\" But it was too late, he was already gone and out of earshot. Janet went into the stables and to Guinevere. As she stroked her,nshe felt lonely. The rest of the staff was playing cards up in the kitchen,nand Jack had suggested she join in. But ever since returning to Balinor,neveryone treated her different. They didn't know the whole story, but theynoften talked behind her back. And she despised it. She had little hope ofnever fitting in here again. Everything was so different now. She couldn'tnstay here. What harm would it do, if she rode over to Westlake and checknout the party? It was a fairly warm evening, and it would be perfectlynsafe. She was quite capable of being very cautious and discreet. She wentnand got Guinevere's saddle and bridle. As she was fastening the saddle,nshe realized she wasn't properly attired for riding. And sidesaddle wasnout of the question. So she took her skirts and tucked them up into hernundergarments and hoisted herself onto Guinevere's back. Then rode off intonthe night. The ball was in full swing when Leopold's party arrived. It wasnfashionable to be late. As Kate took his arm he whispered in her ear, \"Wendon't have to stay long.\" She saw concern in his face, \"Stop being so pessimistic. We just gotnhere. And I am dying to meet Edgar. Where is the evil one?\" \"Kate, this is serious. I suggest you avoid any contact with thenman, unless you are accompanied by myself.\" \"Fine, then introduce me and let's get it over with.\" Leopold's eyes drifted around the room, several people acknowledgednhim and glared at Kate, out of curiosity. He finally spotted Edgar andnEdgar spotted him at the same time, making his way across the dance floornsmiling. \"Leopold, you finally made it.\" He looked at Kate, eyeing everyninch of her, \"And you must be Miss McKay. It is a pleasure to finally makenyour acquaintance.\" He took her hand and kissed the back of it. Katensmiled at him awkwardly and now understood what Leopold had told her aboutnhis smile. It was very weasel like. \"I would be ever so pleased if Incould be your first dance of the evening, Miss McKay. I am sure Leopoldnwon't mind, in fact..\" He turned to Leopold, \"Millicent has been anxiouslynawaiting your arrival, and she gets tired easily and is resting in thenstudy for a bit.\" He looked at Kate, not wanting to leave her in Edgar's hands, \"I amnjust fine, Leopold. You go on and see Millicent. It's one dance. I willnjoin you in a minute.\" She took Edgar's arm and headed out onto the dance floor. Leopoldnstood and watched them briefly; just by her facial expressions he couldntell she was handling herself fine. He then went to the study, and when henopened the door was shocked at the woman who sat before him. She was pale,nand sickly looking. Her eyes closed briefly, but at the sound of the door,nthey opened. A faint smile appeared on her face, \"Leopold, it is sonwonderful to see you.\" She held out her hand to him and he slowly movednacross the room and took hold of it, leaning over her and kissing herncheek. He had not prepared himself to see her in such a state and thenconcern was obvious in his face. He pulled an armchair closer to her, andnfound himself staring at her. \"You are concerned with my appearance, I can tell. Really, I amndoing a lot better. The doctor says I just need to stay off my feet asnmuch as possible. The last few years in India were very hard on me. Innever became accustomed to the food or the weather, you can't even imaginenhow glad I am to be home, and I know things will be fine. But enough, aboutnall that, let me look at you. You are more handsome than I remember. Ifnthat is possible. And now you have chosen a wife. I am anxious to meetnher. She must be incredibly special. I was concerned you were to nevernmarry, and that would have been such a shame. I always knew you would makensomeone a wonderful husband. Never have I met a man so kind andncompassionate, someone with so much respect for women.\" She was thinkingnabout their years of courtship. It had been the 3 best years of her life.nLeopold couldn't help but see the look on her face, remembering that he hadnbeen intended to marry her. There had never been a formal engagement;nLeopold had ended the relationship before it was to be announced.nImmediately Millicent had found solace in Edgar's arms and they were wednshortly after. He knew he had broken her heart, and now looking at her, henfelt he was to blame for her present state. What if he would have marriednher? He was sure she would have still possessed the love of life, she oncenhad. At balls, you could never get her off the dance floor. Everyone lovednher. She made everyone smile. It broke his heart seeing her this way. He didn't know what to say to her, \"I know what you are thinking. You feel you are to blame. But Inmade my own choices. Edgar has not been a bad husband. He takes care ofnCharlotte and myself, and he is extremely excited about this baby. I amnnot unhappy. I want this baby more than anything.\" \"Millie, with your health as it is, what is the possibility that younhave a healthy child? I was told you have already had 2 miscarriages and anstillborn son. I feel Edgar is being selfish, using you in such a matter.nThis pregnancy cannot be helping matters.\" \"If it will make Edgar happy, it will be worth everything. You don'tnunderstand, Leopold. Maybe you will once you are married and Katherine isnwith child, and what it's like to go through this, and then having nothingnto show. I must give Edgar a son.\" He should never have mentioned it. It was causing her agitation andnhe now felt guilty for bringing the subject up. She took hold of his hand, \"I know you are concerned, but I am sureneverything will be alright this time. I am home surrounded by people Inlove. I look forward to getting acquainted with Katherine. And wouldn'tnit be wonderful if she would have a baby soon. Our children could benfriends. Edgar is finally willing to put aside his jealous notions, and henwould like you and he to be friends.\" \"How can you believe that?\" \"You need to give him a chance, Leopold. He is not the same man, Inshould know. I have lived with him for 10 years.\" \"I am not so sure I can give him a chance, but I will try for yournsake. He has hurt to many people I care about. You included.\" \"He doesn't mean to hurt me. I truly believe he loves me.\" Leopold knew she was only saying that to make herself believe it.nFrom the brief encounter with Edgar so far, there was no change. He hatednwhat had become of Millicent, and Edgar had no problem taking down as manynpeople as he could to get what he wanted. Leopold wasn't so sure he knewnwhat that was, possibly Balinor. But he would do everything in his powernto stop him. Edgar waltzed Kate around the room, and Kate noticed he kept lookingndown at her bosom, she was wearing a low cut gown. She tried to pull itnup, but to no avail and Edgar found it amusing, \"Miss McKay, you havennothing to be ashamed, I assure you. I find the view from here rathernbreathtaking.\" \"Isn't it proper to look at a lady's face while dancing, LordnSpencer?\" \"You haven't had a good look at the ladies present, obviously. Innmost cases, their faces are not their most valuable assets. But, you arenan exception, I suppose I could draw my eyes away from your delectablenbosom momentarily, since you do possess a beauty that is not found innEnglish women.\" Sarcastically she said, \"You have a way with words, Lord Spencer.\" \"Miss McKay, I gather Leopold has warned you about me. He has alwaysnbeen a bit paranoid in regards to women he is interested in. He has thisnridiculous assumption that I deliberately go after anyone he has eyes for.\" \"He has warned me, but I can make my own judgments of people.nLeopold doesn't do my thinking.\" \"I can see that, Miss McKay and I like that about a lady. A mind ofntheir own is a quality I find very attractive in women.\" \"You, Lord Spencer, are a married man.\" \"Of course I am, but it doesn't stop me from looking or admiring. SonI am curious about you and Leopold. It is all very sudden isn't it?\" \"I suppose you could say that, but it's right. We both know it.\" \"And Leopold is probably quite anxious to have an heir, he is notngetting any younger.\" \"That is none of your business.\" \"From that tone of your voice, it sounds like you are not in favor ofnhaving children right away. It is a wives duty, to present an heir.nEspecially in Leopold's position. You wouldn't want the title to go tonsomeone not in the family if anything should happen to him.\" \"First of all, it is not my duty to have a baby for Leopold. If andnwhen we have a child it is a decision we both will make together. And asnfor the title, nothing is going to happen to Leopold, and if by some oddnchance it does Millard is next in line.\" \"Millard is getting rather old.\" \"Why are we having this discussion? What is your vested interest innwho will become the next Duke?\" \"Dear, I am just making conversation. I am sorry if I am out ofnline.\" The music stopped, and Kate looked around for Leopold, \"He isnprobably catching up with my wife still. You know that they were oncenengaged.\" \"Leopold told me they were to be married, yes, but not officiallynengaged.\" \"He was a cruel young man, leading her on the way he did. 3 years,nMillicent believed she would be marrying Leopold, then he broke off thenrelationship because he was too involved in his pathetic inventions.\" \"Well, isn't it lucky that you came along when you did, to pick upnthe pieces.\" She said sarcastically. \"I would hardly call it luck, she has been unable to give me a son.\" \"Do you love her?\" \"Miss McKay, you are asking very personal questions of someone younhardly know. Is this an American tradition? I find it very undignifiednand unlady like. I should have guessed Leopold would choose a wife,nlacking in everything that a true Duchess should be. Leopold has alwaysnbeen one to rebel against his position.\" She saw Leopold heading their way, \"Excuse me, Lord Spencer, but Insee Leopold. Thank you for the dance, and for the stimulatingnconversation.\" When Leopold reached her, someone else had pulled Edgar away. Katenwatched as he began flirting with the woman, in a lower cut dress than hernown. \"That man is a weasel.\" \"You are in agreement with me, then?\" \"My god, Leopold, he is scum. He acts like his wife is a possessionnand her only purpose is to provide him with an heir, and he is constantlynon the make. Look at him.\" Leopold turned to see Edgar nibbling on a young lady's earlobe. \"Did he come on to you, Kate? If so I will personally see to it, thatnit never happens again.\" \"I think I could handle Edgar Spencer. He did look down my dress andnmake comments about my bosom, but that's all.\" Leopold looked down at her dress and tried pulling it up, with nonsuccess, \"I will get your wrap, I don't think I like the idea of thenvarious men in this room getting a peek at what is rightfully mine.\" Hensmiled. \"My body doesn't belong to you. And I will not put a wrap on. Younwill have to get used to men looking at me.\" \"Looking I can deal with.\" He leaned over kissing her. \"You didn't say how Millicent is?\" \"Not well. I wasn't prepared for what I just encountered. How thatnbastard could put her through another pregnancy. She has already lost onenchild and had two miscarriages. They have taken their toll on her and shenis in denial. Talks about the new baby, and giving Edgar a son. It breaksnmy heart. I honestly don't see this child surviving and I wonder ifnMillicent will actually make it through this one, her health is failingnher. \" \"I'm sorry. I know she meant a lot to you. But maybe her just beingnhere and having family and friends around her, will be all she needs.\" \"I do hope that will be the case. Now without further ado I wouldnlike to dance with my fiancé if possible.\" \"I think I could manage that.\" And they proceeded to the dancenfloor. Janet tied Guinevere up to a nearby tree, towards the back of thenhouse and made her way towards the ballroom balcony that overlooked thengarden. As she looked through the double French doors, she saw all thenladies and gentlemen in their finery. It was hardly different from hernlast encounter here, 12 years ago, except that the ladies and gentlemennwere now older. It had been Lord Spencer's 18th birthday party. It hadnbeen on this balcony that Leopold had taken Millicent in his arms for thenfirst time, and kissed her and Janet had been there to witness it. It hadnbroken her heart. She snapped out of her recollection of the past andnproceeded to peer through the doors into the ballroom. She spotted Edgarnpractically raping a young woman in the corner of the room and it fillednher with disgust, she averted her eyes to the dance floor where Kate andnLeopold were engaged in a waltz. He looked so content. So attentive, asnif she was the only person in the room and no one else mattered. Whyncouldn't he look at her that way? It seemed so unfair. Why didn't shenlisten to Jack? Why was she here? Only to torment herself. She felt likencrying and leaned against the railing. Maybe it was best if she left. Shenwas contemplating it when she heard voices and she couldn't make it back tonthe horse in time. She hoisted herself over the railing and hid behind thenhedges. The French doors opened and Millard and Jocelyn Spencer walked outnonto the balcony. Janet watched as Millard handed her an envelope. Toonbulky to be just a letter. What was going on? She listened intently. \"I am glad you have continued with your end of the bargain, Millard.nI would hate to see your nephew's world tumble all around him, especiallynjust as he is to be wed.\" \"And you can't possibly believe this will stop it from tumbling? Younknow full well, that I am in a never win situation here.\" \"But Leopold is happy. You have always wanted Leopold's happiness.nJust look at him in there with his intended. He doesn't care about thenmoney, the prestige; he is oblivious to the whole room. You can see it bynthe way he looks into her eyes.\" \"Unlike your son, who I see, had managed to have his hands on everynwoman in the room, married or single. I am a fool. I was a fool, thenfirst time I listened to your threats and let this whole business continue.n If I could put a stop to it, I would.\" Jocelyn looked concerned, \"But you wouldn't, would you? You care toonmuch about your family's reputation, Millard. If you even try to put anstop to our little arrangement, you will pay the consequences. And I willncarry through with every threat I have ever made. And what will Leopoldnthink of his uncle then? All the lies you have told and the secrets younhave kept.\" \"You have what you want, I will now go and join my wife if you don'tnmind.\" Kate had noticed Millard and Lady Spencer through the doors leadingnto the balcony. It didn't look like they were exchanging pleasantries atnall. In fact, Millard looked extremely disturbed. She didn't mention itnto Leopold; he would blow it off as usual. But Kate stored this informationnaway, thinking about her conversation with Aunt Agnes, and what was in thatnenvelope. She watched Millard come in and head for Margaret who wasnchatting to a few people. He wiped his forehead with a handkerchief, andnlooked very worried. As they twirled around the room, she then saw LadynSpencer head over to her son, and whisper in his ear. Edgar grinned fromnear to ear, much like the Cheshire cat. Leopold noticed that Kate's eyesnwere not on him. \"What has captured your attention, and diverted your eyes away fromnyour future husband, my dear? I hope you have not found another, thatncatches your fancy.\" She turned back to him smiling, \"Of course not. Why would I look anynfurther when I have the most handsome, charming gentleman in the room? Inwas just admiring all the ladies and their attire.\" \"You are beginning to sound like you belong in 1876.\" \"I know I belong here, Leopold. There is no question in my mind.\" Henleaned towards her and gave her a kiss. After Lady Spencer and Millard had left the balcony, Janet lookednperplexed. There was a lot she knew, in fact she had been sent awaynbecause she knew too much. But now it seemed Lady Spencer was blackmailingnLord Mountbatten and it seemed to involve money. That is what had to be innthe envelope, but she didn't have all the details. Her mind startednracing. Back to that summer when she was 15, and all the events that hadnoccurred. These things were connected. They had to be. So busy innthought, she didn't here the French doors open again, until the next thingnshe knew, Edgar was only a few feet from her, with a young lady henstrategically had pinned against the wall of the house. He lifted up hernskirts and proceeded to unfasten his pants, and Janet must have gaspednbecause he stopped and looked around. Janet stood very still, she noticednthe young lady was looking right at her, and hoped that she wouldn't saynanything. But that was not to be the case, \"Edgar, someone is in thenbushes watching us.\" She pointed straight at her. Edgar's eyes landed on Janet, and she immediately jumped up andnstarted running to where she had tied Guinevere. Edgar fastened up hisnpants and darted after her, waving at the young lady at the same time, \"Youngo back into the ball, I will deal with this intruder.\" And she obeyed. Janet was no match for Edgar, not in this bloody dress. The memoriesnof her 15th year flooded back, and she felt frightened. She just had tonget to Guinevere and get out of here. But he lunged towards her andngrabbed on to her skirts and ripped the back, she managed to stumble up,nbut she felt she had twisted her ankle, and it was no use. It was a matternof seconds before Edgar had her right where he wanted her, pinned to thenground. He was sweaty and panting, and it made her feel sick as she breathedninto her face, \"Well, well, look what we have here. Miss Collins. Inreally thought you, of all people would know not to be caught on mynproperty. This has happened on more than one occasion, has it not.\" \"Just let me go.\" She pleaded. \"And why should I do that, you have trespassed, which is a majornoffense in this country. And you have interrupted a very important liaisonnbetween me and my lady friend back there.\" \"I will scream.\" \"You will do no such thing. You have forgotten what happened innIndia? Somehow I doubt it. I am in total control here. So what broughtnyou to my humble abode this time, Miss Collins? Are you still taggingnafter Master Leopold, living in your little fairy tale world? I thoughtnyou would have long given that dream up. He is very much in love with MissnMcKay. Or did you come back because of me. You have longed for me thesenpast few years and have come back begging for more. I must say MissnCollins, you are in good company. I have many women who find my lovenmaking techniques truly extraordinary, and cannot compare to the averagengentlemen.\" He began to unfasten his trousers, all the while restraining Janetnwith a firm grip on both of her wrists, holding them above her head. Hisnbody was pressed against her, and although she struggled, she could notnbudge under his weight. He proceeded in lifting up her skirts and hensmiled wickedly at her, \"I have always enjoyed a struggle, it makes thenlovemaking much more animalistic.\" She held back tears, if only she hadnlistened to Jack, she wouldn't be in this situation. It seemed to latennow. After their dance a few gentlemen obviously interested in his latestnwork had drawn Leopold away on his elevator, and of course Leopold wasnanxious to discuss his latest findings with anyone who would listen. Katenexcused herself and got a glass of champagne. She noticed Edgar wasnnowhere to be seen and couldn't help but notice the disheveled young ladynwho had just entered through the French doors from the balcony; it wasnpretty obvious she had been with someone out on the balcony. The youngnlady tried to straighten herself out and Kate found it rather amusing.nKate headed towards the balcony and looked out the window, into pitch-nblackness. She was curious, was it Edgar? She opened the doors and stoodnout on the balcony looking around, she couldn't see anyone. She then wentncloser to the railing, and thought she heard a noise. In the distancenthere was a figure, possibly two. As she walked down the steps and thenfigures were more in view, she realized there was someone struggling, andnshe quickly picked up her skirts and made her way as fast as possible tonthe young woman. What she encountered was Lord Spencer with some helplessnyoung woman pinned under him, how many women did this guy go through in annight? It was disgusting. \"Take your hands off her right now.\" He managed to turn his head, while keeping her pinned, \"Ah, MissnMcKay, this is no concern of yours so please leave us be, this instance.\" She then managed to see the girls face, and realized it was Janet.nFeeling ashamed, of being caught by her employer, she turned her head away.n \"This is my concern. You happen to have my personal companion pinnednunderneath you, and she doesn't seem pleased. So would you kindly, removenyourself from her, this instance? I won't ask again.\" \"And what pray tell will you do to me, if I don't obey?\" He wasnrather amused by Kate's firm stand. \"Or possibly are you jealous, thatnyour companion is in this position and not yourself. Is Leopold lacking innthat department? I am truly not surprised.\" Edgar was losing interest innJanet and found Kate much more tempting. He loosened his grip and began tonsit up. Janet quickly got out from under him and stood back. As he stoodnup refastened his trousers, he moved closer to Kate and grabbed her arm, hensmiled at her triumphantly. \"I will gladly be obliged to show you what younare missing, Miss McKay.\" As he pulled her closer to him, she pulled her skirt up with her freenhand stepped forward and raised her left knee. Before he realized what wasnhappening she kneed him in the balls, and he cried out in agony, letting gonof Kate and stumbling over in pain, holding himself. Janet laughed, \"Goodnone, Miss Katherine.\" Kate looked down at him on the ground, he now seemed rather pathetic.n \"I don't think you will be bothering either one of us again, this evening.nOr any other sweet young thing attending this ball, for that matter. Don'tnyou think you have left your guests long enough? What kind of host arenyou?\" He didn't say anything as he picked himself up, embarrassed to havenbeen taken by a woman, and he walked past them, tried to straighten himselfnup and head towards the house. Janet looked over at Kate, \"Thank-you. I don't know what I wouldnhave done without you. I detest that man.\" \"I am glad I could do something. I don't think to highly of himnmyself. But Janet, why are you even here?\" \"I was bored. I thought there was no harm in just having a peek.nEveryone having such a good time all dressed up. You and Master Leopoldnlooked absolutely magnificent together on the dance floor.\" There wasnsadness in her voice, \"but I shouldn't have come. I should've learnt fromnthe first time. But the first time, I wasn't so lucky. There was no one tonsave me from Lord Spencer then.\" Kate looked surprised, \"What are you saying?\" She started to cry, \"You mustn't ever tell Master Leopold. You mustnpromise.\" \"Okay, I promise.\" \"I told you a lie, about why I was sent away. You see, I wasnpregnant, with Lord Spencer's baby.\" \"You were 15! He raped you?\" \"It started out as rape, and I struggled and I bit and kicked, but Infinally gave in. It was horrible. I blame myself.\" \"How can you blame yourself? I have seen him in there, all overnevery woman in sight. Did you lose the baby?\" She nodded, \"I threw myself down the stairs, at Balinor, I lost thenbaby. I couldn't bear the thought of having his child. It made me sick. Inknow I did a horrible thing, killing the life inside me. But I really feltnI had no choice. I thought I would be able to stay on at Balinor, butnMillard was outraged.\" \"He knew?\" \"Oh, yes. When he found out I was going to tell Master Leopold, henhad a fit. But he always was fond of my mother. She has been a goodnemployee, so he sent me to a girls college in Scotland, and that is how Ingot my job as a governess.\" \"Who else knows?\" \"My mother, of course and Jack. I tell Jack everything.\" Kate went over to her and comforted her, \"Oh, Janet, I am trulynsorry. Look, you need to get back to the house. How did you get here?\" \"I rode Guinevere. I am sorry, I know she is your horse, but Indidn't think you would mind.\" \"I don't mind, but you are all shaken up. You can't possibly ride,nin your condition now.\" \"I will be fine. You need to get back to the ball, Master Leopoldnwill be wondering where you are.\" \"You don't think Lord Spencer will say anything do you?\" \"Oh, no, miss, not after being beaten by a woman. He wouldn't haventhe nerve. What will you tell Master Leopold?\" \"I will cross that bridge when I come to it. You better go. We'llntalk later tonight.\" \"I would like that, Miss.\" Kate watched her mount Guinevere, feeling a bit protective of her.nShe had never had a sister and felt something for this young woman. In NewnYork she had never had a close female friend, working in a man's world.nShe felt a connection with Janet and hoped they could continue to be close.nSometimes she just wanted someone to talk to besides Leopold. She was alsonvery curious about this woman and her connection to Edgar Spencer. So manynthings seemed to be going on. Kate couldn't just let it go. There seemednto be much at stake. After Janet rode off, Kate headed back to the ball,nher mind swimming with thoughts. It was turning out to be quite anninteresting evening.[Chapter 22] When Kate re-entered the ballroom, she glanced around the room andnLeopold was still with the group of gentlemen talking inventions, she thennlooked for Edgar. She couldn't see him anywhere, but she noticed hisnmother evil eyeing her. These people were unreal, Kate thought. Part ofnher wanted to laugh. But this wasn't some play she was acting in, thesenpeople were real. Edgar was a slimeball, his mother was what she imaginednevery wicked stepmother to be out of any classic fairy tales, Millard hadnsome scheme going on and Janet was this victim, who was pushed around byneveryone. She looked over at Leopold, and he was too good to be true. Henhad no clue, this was going on around him. Everyone kept everything fromnhim. To protect him. She heard a faint voice behind her, call her namenand she turned around. The pale sickly woman standing there had to be Millicent. Kate wasnshocked. Leopold had been right. How would this woman survive anothernpregnancy? She looked as though she were at death's door. Kate tried tonpicture the beautiful young woman she had once been, when she and Leopoldnhad courted, and it was extremely hard to see past her gaunt skeleton likenface. \"Katherine, I have been so looking forward to meeting you. Any womannthat could make Leopold so happy, has to be truly extraordinary.\" She tooknhold of her hand. \"Lady Spencer, Leopold has told me so much about you.\" \"You too, are concerned with my appearance, and really you must knownI am getting better everyday.\" She patted her stomach. Kate had a hardntime judging these things, since she had never been pregnant and lostncontact with her college friends who had babies instead of a careers, butnshe thought she was probably about 5 months along. \"The baby takes a lot out of me, but it will be so worth it, once Edgar hasnhis son.\" \"I am sorry, maybe I am out of line, I tend to stick my foot in itnquite often, but it's your baby too.\" \"I have Charlotte. This child will inherit all of Edgar's estate,nand I won't have a lot to do with his upbringing. He will go to all thenfine schools, and be expected to follow in his father's footsteps. Is itnnot like this in America?\" Kate almost found her choice of words amusing, 'following in hisnfather's footsteps'. She surely hoped that wouldn't be the case. He wouldnhave every girl in the country pregnant. In thinking this, she wonderednhow many bastard children Edgar had running around out there and in India.nIt was sure to be a fair number. Surely there was a male child among them,nbut being a bastard, I guess it wouldn't be the same thing. She came backnto the conversation, \"Things are quite different in America. Lots of womennchoose not to have children.\" Millicent was surprised, \"Really, but how. I suppose abstinence, butnhusbands are so demanding about this things.\" Kate could only imagine, howndemanding Edgar was. It made her skin crawl, thinking of him forcingnhimself on this poor young woman in such ill health. \"Lady Spencer, you and I will have to have a long talk one day.\" \"I would like that. I want to hear all about America. I am sonthrilled about the upcoming wedding. Edgar says if I rest and take care ofnmyself up until then, I will be able to attend. I wouldn't want to miss itnfor the world. You are so very lucky, Katherine. Leopold is one in anmillion.\" \"Oh, that is for sure.\" Leopold appeared behind her, kissing the back of her neck, \"What isnfor sure?\" \"That you are one in a million.\" \"You sound a bit sarcastic in your tone of voice.\" \"Me, sarcastic, never, Leopold.\" He turned her around to face him,nand she was smiling. \"You know, I shouldn't put up with your behavior.\" He too wasnsmiling. \"But you aren't my wife yet, and I will let is slide, but restnassured once we are married you will respect me.\" \"Oh, will I?\" \"If you know what's good for you.\" They both were teasing and he couldn'tnhelp but give her a squeeze and kiss her, as he did, he looked down to seendirt smudged onto her forearm. He raised her arm up and examined it morenclosely. \"What's this?\" \"What do you think? He then saw that the front of her skirt was also soiled, \"And this?\" \"I was trying to keep it from you, Leopold, but I was out on thenbalcony with some Lord somebody or other, very attractive, very attentive,nif you know what I mean. I couldn't help myself.\" Millicent was rather shocked with this kind of conversation andndidn't realize Kate was teasing. \"Kate?\" Leopold no longer felt this was a game and looked at hernseriously. \"Lighten up, I was leaning on the balcony, it was a bit dirty.nSomeone around here wasn't doing their job. Shouldn't it have been cleanednthis afternoon?\" She knew it meant they would talk later. She wasn't sure she shouldntell him about the run in with Janet and Edgar. She wanted to, but she hadnpromised Janet. She realized she was no better than anyone else. Tryingnto protect him. But from what actually. She really didn't know. But shenfelt everything tied together. Millard's odd behavior, Edgar, Janet'snrape, the financial difficulty. Kate had to admit the prospect of playingnSherlock Holmes, interested her. There wasn't much else to do, unless younenjoyed embroidery. No, she preferred the detective work. Jocelyn Spencer had seen Edgar slink in from the balcony, but whennshe looked around the room for him, he was nowhere to be seen. She quietlynleft the ballroom, without anyone looking and went upstairs, to Edgar'snchamber. She didn't bother to knock and walked in on him washing up andnchanging his shirt. She could see his state. His trousers were covered inngrass stains and splotches of mud. \"Dare I ask what predicament you gotnyourself into this evening on the balcony?\" \"Mother, I don't need a lecture from you of all people. Let's see,nhow many men downstairs have had the pleasure to share your bed?\" \"Most mothers would not stand that kind of talk from their sons.\" \"You are hardly most mothers.\" \"You are so right.\" She laid the envelope on the dresser next to thenwashbasin and Edgar eyed it, and turned to her, \"How many mothers would gonto the trouble to assure her only child his rightful place in Society.\" \"The money isn't enough any more, mother. I want what is rightfullynmine.\" \"Don't be ridiculous. You are being a spoiled child, and incrediblynungrateful. You have all you need here.\" \"You know what I mean, mother. I want Balinor.\" \"And you won't stop there. I know you. You need to learn somenpatience and it wouldn't hurt for you to keep your mouth shut.\" \"I have never told anyone the truth.\" \"You have come awfully close many a time. And what about that girl,nLeopold's housekeeper's daughter? As I recall, Millard was awfully anxiousnto get rid of her. What does she know? I hear things, Edgar. I know younwere involved with her in India. And now she is back and as Miss McKay'sncompanion. She could ruin everything for us.\" The thought of both of them made him feel sick. He had never felt sonhumiliated in his life. He found a clean shirt and put it on, ignoring hisnmother's questions. \"Edgar, you haven't? Don't tell, that is going on again? What isnwrong with you? You can have any woman in the room, and you choose thatntrollop.\" \"You have it all wrong, mother. She has always been after me. Infind her a filthy little whore, and wouldn't be caught dead within a fewnfeet of her.\" \"And why is it, I don't believe you. Edgar, there is too much atnstake here and you better not blow it.\" \"I really don't know why you bother. We just expose the scandal,nruin Leopold and his family. Why not take it one step further to assurenour well being, and my rightful place. Have Leopold taken care of.\" Jocelyn laughed. \"Edgar, this isn't a game.\" He was angry. \"I don't appreciate you laughing at me. I have hatednthat man ever since we were children. He had everything, always just anlittle bit better than me. Everyone thought he was such a wonderful happynchild, who brought everyone such joy. He could do no wrong. He wasnsmarter and handsomer, and well behaved and women adored him. All I havenever wanted he has had. It's my turn. Mother.\" \"And that would make you happy? Having Leopold killed?\" \"Yes, I can't imagine anything I would like more.\" She waved her finger in front of him, \"You listen, to me, Edgar, younget those ideas out of your head, this instance.\" \"You don't like him either.\" \"But I don't want him killed. I know you are capable of a lot ofnlowly, disgraceful things, but even murder is a bit drastic for you.\" He took the money out of the envelope and counted it, \"I'd have thenjob done for me. This would come in handy. And I could have that MissnCollins and Miss Mckay knocked off as well. Those two are trouble, andnbelieve you me, mother; they will stick their noses where they don'tnbelong. Which could cause extreme embarrassment to our family. Especiallynto you.\" She snatched the money out of his hand, \"I have heard enough. Now getnyourself presentable and rejoin the party.\" He did as he was told, but he was thinking about what he had justnsaid and the possibility of making it a reality was clearly worth thinkingnabout. Midnight arrived and people were beginning to leave. Millicent hadnalready retired but Kate had promised she would return to visit within thenweek. Leopold was glad that they seemed to be making friends. Anythingnthat could make her life a little more joyful would obviously be a plus.nAs they were leaving Edgar pulled Leopold aside. Leopold was a littlenannoyed when Edgar grabbed him by the forearm, as the others walked outninto the night to board the carriage. \"Please, sir, kindly remove your hand from my arm.\" Edgar let go, \"I didn't want you to leave until I could have anprivate word with you.\" \"You could have asked to have a word, like most respectablengentlemen, instead of dragging me off like I'm some animal. But then younaren't a respectable gentlemen are you Edgar, so I guess I shouldn't expectnyou to behave as such. Now what is so important that you must speak to mennow? I would like to take my family home.\" \"I am extremely concerned about your choice in brides, Leopold.\" \"I believe that it is no concern of yours.\" \"She is hardly up to the standards of what a Duchess should be andnwhen you introduce her to court next week, I would hate to see younembarrassed or possibly laughed at.\" \"I am not concerned in the slightest. I don't give a damn what theynthink.\" \"I was expecting as much from you, Leopold. But this matter is muchnmore serious than you believe. I couldn't help but hear a few people talkntonight. They believe this engagement is a sham.\" \"What are you talking about it?\" \"Well, let's see how can I say this without offending you.\" \"You have never been concerned about offending me before, why startnnow.\" \"Have you bedded her?\" \"That is most definitely none of your business. And I don't see hownthat has anything to do with my engagement being a sham.\" \"I take it the answer to my question is no, which is all well andnproper. A gentlemen should not even contemplate bedding the lady he isnintended to marry until their wedding night. There are plenty of othernways to allow for that kind of satisfaction. And I am sure you have yournchoice. Mrs. Collins has those two young desirable nieces flitting aroundnyour home. And of course with Janet back, she is still highly attractive,nand with all the gossip surrounding her, I am sure she would be a wisenchoice. She has satisfied many a man, or so I am told.\" \"You will refrain from talking about my servants in such a manner.nJust because you have no respect for your own, do not think for one minute,nthat I share your view concerning mine.\" \"I do respect them, Leopold. You just ask Nancy and Polly, mynkitchen maids. They would be concerned if I didn't ask for their servicesnin the bedroom.\" \"Somehow I doubt you ask.\" \"Well…they do expect it.\" \"And what about Millicent? How does she feel about this respect younshow them?\" \"Of course she knows. Dear, Millie…isn't that what you called her?nShe has her place, Leopold. She is to give me a son.\" \"I think you are mad.\" \"And that is what many are saying about you.\" \"That I am mad? Because I chose an American to be my bride? Maybenbecause I can't bear a woman who has no personality, who succumbs to hernhusband's every whim, who allows herself to be treated like an possession.nKate is an intelligent, independent woman who speaks her mind.\" \"Yes, she does do that. And she is definitely not a lady. What wouldnthe court feel about you choosing a woman with a past as your wife? It isnnot to be done in the court, I know for a fact.\" \"You don't know what you are talking about. You know nothing ofnKate's past.\" \"I do know she has one. And there are ways to prove it, Leopold andnyou know it.\" \"I don't need any proof. You want to make waves, you always do. SonI assume this whole sham has to do with Kate and her past. You know, hownpathetic you are, Edgar. Can't you do better?\" \"Oh, yes, much better. They are saying you are paying Kate to marrynyou. That you are hiding the fact that you are not interested in women.nShe will have an heir for you and be kept nicely, and you will have a falsenmarriage to hide behind, while you find young boys to keep you entertainednin your laboratory.\" Leopold laughed. \"That is hilarious. And you believe that? Edgar,nyou need to get your own life and stop listening to gossip. Or should Insay, stop making it up. It sounds like something you would do. I havenheard enough, my family is waiting.\" \"And you are not concerned with this talk?\" \"Not in the slightest. The people I care about know who I am, andnthe others who believe such ludicrous gossip, well, I really don't give andamn what they think about me.\" \"So there is no truth to this rumor?\" \"I do not have to answer such a ridiculous question. You have knownnme all your life, Edgar. What do you think?\" \"That you are queer.\" \"You believe that? Just because I am not all over every woman thatnis in my presence and I am not bedding my female servants, that is not anynjustification that I am queer. God, why am I trying to defend myself tonyou of all people.\" \"There has always been talk about you and your manservant.\" \"Otis? He is smitten with Cook, for your information.\" \"And what about breaking off your engagement to Millicent? She evenntold me about the afternoon in the stable.\" \"I was not prepared to marry so young, I did not have my way withnMillicent because it would tarnish her reputation. Believe me, I thoughtnabout it. I had young male desires much like yourself, I just chose not tongive into them.\" From the hall, Leopold heard his name being called. \"You can believenwhatever you would like about me, Edgar. Start any gossip that humors you,nI don't care, but I am warning you. If you start spreading lies aboutnKate, I will not tolerate it. You have already hurt too many people I carenabout.\" Millard arrived at the doorway and saw the glare between them, notnliking it one bit, \"What is going on in here?\" Leopold turned and smiled, \"Nothing, Uncle. Everything is fine.nIsn't it, Edgar?\" Every time the two of them were together, it only made Millardnnervous. Edgar was like a stick of dynamite, ready to go off at anynminute. \"Leopold, the ladies are waiting.\" He turned to Edgar, \"Thank-you for the wonderful evening, Edgar. Itnwas an incredibly thoughtful gesture. I must be on my way. We will expectnyou at the wedding in a fortnight. I am anxious to meet Charlotte. Bensure to bring her.\" Edgar grimaced, \"It was a wonderful evening, Leopold. Oh, and by thenway ask your intended and her companion about their escapades out on thenbalcony this evening. I am sure you will find it amusing. Good night,nLeopold, Millard.\" And he left the room. Always having the last word. Leopold took a deep breath, and preceded his uncle to the carriage,nMillard trying to catch up with him to speak. \"Leopold, what was that allnabout? What is Edgar up to now?\" Before he stepped into the carriage he turned to his uncle, \"What donyou think, uncle? What is Edgar always up to? Trouble. I won't have himnruining my wedding.\" \"Then why the hell did you invite him?\" \"What choice do I have? The man will only spread vicious rumors,nthat are likely to harm everyone near and dear to me.\" \"You do realize coming back here was a mistake.\" \"No, that is one thing it wasn't. As soon as my honeymoon is over, Inwill be going through the books myself and I am determined to sort out thenfinancial difficulties one way or another. The skeleton staff we have atnthe moment should be saving us a fair amount, and I will speak to some ofnthe tenants personally about rent. I also will be making a visit to Londonnto get a patent on my elevator, that should be worth something.\" \"Leopold, doing the books is my job.\" Millard was uneasy with thisndiscussion. He had kept the books away from him this long, there was nonway he could allow him to look at the books. \"Something has to be done. We will lose Balimor, uncle and the worsenthing is Edgar will snap it up.\" \"Honestly, you can't believe that.\" Margaret leaned her head out of the carriage, \"And they say women arenalways making men wait. You can finish this conversation later. I thinknyou will both be in agreement, that the steps of Westlake is not the bestnplace to be speaking on this matter.\" \"Aunt Margaret, is right. Edgar doesn't need any more fuel to add tonhis fire. He has managed more than he could possibly need this evening.\" As Leopold got into the carriage, he looked at Kate and thought ofnEdgar's final words. Kate on the balcony. Her dress was smudged, and therenwas dirt on her arms. She had been flippant about it, when he questionednher. Kate did not like the expression on his face, \"What did Edgar want?\" \"This isn't the time, Kate.\" Motioning his head towards his unclenand aunt. She didn't like when he was so short with her. But obviouslynEdgar had said something to offend him and once they were back at thenhouse, they would be able to discuss the matter. Janet was pretty sure Jack was not yet back from the pub, when shenarrived back at Balinor on Guinivere. She dismounted her, and as she wasnremoving the saddle, she was startled when Colin crept behind her, and putnhis hand on her shoulder, turning her abruptly around to face him, \"Whatnthe hell do you think you were doing? I could report you for stealing onenof Leopold's horses.\" \"I wasn't stealing. I was borrowing.\" \"Did you ask?\" \"Well, no, but…\" He noticed the ripped dress, and picked up the back of the skirt,n\"What is this? Your dress is ripped all the way down the back?\" He thennnoticed grass and mud stains on her dress and arms. \"You went to Westlake,ndidn't you? Janet, what were you thinking?\" \"I was bored and nothing happened.\" She turned away from him, tonremove Guinevere's bridle, \"I fell off the horse, that is all.\" \"You are lying. You have never fallen off a horse in your life.\" \"And what do you think happened?\" \"It looks like to me, you had a struggle of some kind. You havenforgotten I was here that night, your dress ripped, practically off you,nbruises on your arms from that bastard's grip, and scratch marks on yournback.\" \"Nothing happened. You worry too much.\" He took the saddle to the tack room and Janet led Guinevere to hernstall. Why did he have to bring up that night? Tears came to her eyes andnshe didn't want him to see her cry again. He was right. She should nevernhave gone back there. She thought she would be able to get back to thenhouse, while he was dealing with the tack, but she was mistaken, when shenopened the stall door, she ran straight into him. \"Janet, you never keep anything from me. Why are you doing it now?\"nHe noticed she was holding back tears and he put his arms around her,n\"Don't you know how much I care for you, I don't want anything to happen tonyou.\" \"I don't deserve such a good friend.\" \"Lord Mountbatten should never have sent you away. I blame him, asnmuch as I blame that bastard Lord Spencer. If you would have been here, Inwould have looked after you.\" \"If I would have been here, I would be marrying Leopold, not Kate.\" He let go of her, disgusted, \"And where do you get an idea like thatnfrom?\" \"It was only a matter of time. I was willing to wait, unlikenMillicent.\" \"You are delusional. The man never had feelings like that for you.\" \"It would have happened, Jack. I know.\" \"So are you going to dream of what was to be, for the rest of yournlife, or are you going to get on with your life.\" \"I tried doing that in India. I was going to marry Captain Powers.\" \"You didn't love him, so why would you marry him?\" \"He would have given me a decent life, a nice house, nice things, butnnow I am stuck in service for the rest of my life, like my mother. Thenonly one compensation I have is that I am working for the man I love.\" \"You are crazy, you know that?\" \"I could be his mistress.\" \"Right, Leopold is the type of man that would take a mistress.\" \"It will never happen will it?\" \"No, it won't.\" Jack couldn't believe he still could have feelingsnfor this woman, this woman who would never think of him as anything morenthan a friend. \"Jack, you got to find yourself a woman.\" \"I do, do I?\" \"Yes, I know you care about me, but I am not good enough for you.\" \"But you are good enough for Leopold? That doesn't make any sense.\" \"I know what they call me up at the house. I am not stupid. Theynthink I am whore.\" \"No one knows about Edgar, Janet.\" \"But they have heard rumors about me and my previous employer, andnyes, they are true. You have been curious, I am sure.\" \"Janet, I don't care about the past whatsoever.\" \"I was the Earls mistress for 5 years. Captain Powers was my waynout. He had no idea. He was in love with me, Jack.\" \"You enjoy rubbing this in my face, don't you?\" \"You have me up on this pedestal, I can't possible live up to whatnyou think of me.\" \"Did you ever think for one minute that I love you? I don't carenabout the Earl, or about Edgar, or your miscarriage or about yournengagement…or god, help me, even the fact that you are in love withnLeopold. I have loved you since the day we rode back from the woodsntogether.\" Janet tried to think back to that time, but it was so long ago. \" I found you up there crying, because Leopold had told you to startnbeing a girl. So I brought you back. We rode bareback. You sat in frontnof me, and I had my arms around you. As we were approaching the stables,nLeopold was showing off on that filly of his at the time, Primrose Inbelieve and he teased me, and said you were jailbait.\" \"I didn't know what jailbait was and I got angry. I couldn't havenbeen more than 12. You were very sweet to me.\" \"You don't remember what I said to you, do you?\" All of a sudden she felt very bad because she didn't remember. Allnshe could remember was she wanted to get off the horse, and slug Leopoldnfor teasing her. \"I lifted you off the horse and I told you I would wait for you. Inknow you were thinking about Leopold even then. He was so gallant andndashing in all his finery. He was prince charming on a white horse. I wasnjust the stable boy.\" \"You were never just a stable boy to me. And I do remember your armsnaround me and how I always felt secure in them.\" Jack was feeling vulnerable and he just wanted her out of his sightnright now. \"You need to get back to the house and you need to get yourselfnout of those ripped clothes. , they will be back soon and I am sure MissnKatherine will be expecting your assistance.\" \"Jack, I don't want to go back just yet.\" She moved closer to him,nshe reached for his hand and he pushed her away. \"Don't feel sorry for me, ever. Do you understand? I don't neednyour sympathy.\" He turned away from her, \"You needn't worry, I will notnmention the horse borrowing to Leopold. No one will know. Go on, get outnof here.\" \"Jack, please.\" \"I said get out of here, I meant it.\" She walked slowly out of the stables turning around to look at him,nand when she did he had disappeared into one of the stalls. Leopold helped the ladies out of the carriage when it reached thenfront steps of Balinor. They headed into the house, but Leopold held back.n The carriage pulled away, and he stood alone looking up at the stars.nKate was just about to enter the house and realized Leopold was not behindnher. She made her way back down the stairs and he watched her as shenapproached him. \"Are you going to tell me what's on your mind? It is rather obviousnthat Edgar ruffled your feathers again.\" He didn't want to have an argument now, but he felt angry and he justnknew whatever he said at this moment, would come out wrong, and he hadn'tneven heard what Kate had to say. He was listening to Edgar's departingnremark, and it was beginning to build up in his mind. He was thinking allnsorts of possibilities. And none of them pleasant. He was silent. Henclosed his eyes and turned away from her. \"Don't do this, Leopold. Talk to me.\" She aggressively took hold ofnhis arm and pulled him around to face her, \"I thought we agreed that wenneeded to be open with each other, and now you are being distant again.\" \"Who is not being open? I think you need to look at yourself, Kate.nYou lied to me this evening. Deliberately lied to me about where younreceived that grass stain on your dress.\" \"What did he say to you? What did Edgar make you believe? That Inwas allowing his dirty little paws all over me? If you think for onenminute, I would allow that to happen, you obviously don't know me verynwell.\" \"I don't know what happened, but he insinuated something did. Innfact, he said Janet was with you and I would find it humorous. I don'tnfind any of this one bit humorous. Particularly the lying.\" \"I was out on the balcony, Leopold and yes, I ran into Edgar, but henwasn't happy to see me. And even less happy after our encounter. That isnall I can tell you, I promised Janet.\" \"What was she doing there?\" \"I suppose she was spying on you.\" \"Me? What are you talking about?\" \"Are you blind? That woman has got it so bad for you. Men can be sonstupid, they can't even see it, when it's so obvious. She has probablynbeen in love with you since you were children. And I hate to imagine whatnwould have happened if she would have stayed on here at Balinor through hernformative years. There might never have been a ball in New York for you tonfind a wife.\" \"Janet Collins?! You are crazy, Kate.\" \"I don't believe I am.\" This threw Leopold and almost forgot what he was talking about, butnwhen he did recall he put two and two together. \"I can only imagine whatnwent on tonight, and it's not a pretty picture. If you were not on thenother side of Edgar's advances, then I can only assume Janet was.\" Shencould see the anger in his face. \"Leopold, you mustn't say anything to her. She would be devasted.nShe wants you to think the best of her. I told her to wait up tonight sonwe could talk. I think she could use a female friend right now. I doubtnJack can help her through this.\" \"I swear I will kill that bastard.\" \"In my day, I wouldn't take that seriously, but I don't like thosenwords spoken here at all. Knowing you have guns, poisons, swords andnknives all over this house. You are capable of just about anything.nLeopold, please, don't talk like that.\" \"He's gone to far, Kate.\" \"Look, there is nothing you can do tonight. You need a good nightsnsleep, and tomorrow things will look different.\" \"I doubt it.\" She put her arms around him and he felt so tense, but he managed tonwrap his arms around her and hold her as close to him as he could, Katenalmost thought he was going to cry. He buried his head in the crook of hernneck and let out a sigh, \"I don't want anything to happen to you.\" \"Nothing is going to happen to me. Edgar knows not to mess with me,nLeopold.\" \"You don't seem to understand, you don't know what he is capable of.\"n She could only think of his abuse of women, but she could tell Leopoldnmeant much more. \"You mean murder, don't you? He is capable of murder?\" \"You are right, I need some sleep.\" \"Leopold, you are doing it again.\" \"Don't you think we have had enough excitement for the evening?\" \"No, I want to hear about Edgar.\" He gave her a quick kiss, \"Tomorrow. I will tell you tomorrow. Nowncome along,\" He started heading for the house, and she stood there arms crossednglaring at him, \"You aren't coming then? Be careful, there are some wildnanimals out in these woods. They have been known to come close to thenhouse.\" \"There are no wild animals out here.\" \"Suit yourself. I do hope I will see you in the morning, Kate.\" She heard a sound in the distance and looked around, Leopold slowlynturned with a smile on his face and headed into the house. Being left alone was a bit eerie and she picked up her dress, and rannup the stairs after him. Janet lay on Kate's bed crying. Nothing seemed to be going right.nHer life had been one bad episode after another. And now she was draggingnKate into it. Jack didn't want to look at her, and Leopold. Well, henbarely acknowledged her presence. This was never how it was suppose to be.nShe didn't know how long she had been lying there, when Kate had finallynshown up. She quickly straightened herself up and stood up, \"I am sorry,nmiss Katherine, I …\" \"You don't have to apologize to me. After what happened thisnevening, I think I would be crying to.\" Kate handed her a handkerchiefnLeopold had given her. Janet recognized the monogram and before dabbing herneyes with it, she sniffed it and sighed. Kate couldn't help but smile. It really was sort of sweet. \"You know, Leopold is threatening to kill Edgar.\" \"Oh, Miss, you didn't tell him, did you?\" \"Edgar opened his big mouth and well, I am afraid Leopold put two andntwo together. I didn't tell him anything. I can't believe he doesn't knownwhat happened before.\" \"His uncle has always kept things from him.\" \"I gathered that. Janet, maybe you should just tell me everything.nNo secrets. Everyone around here seems to always be walking around onneggshells, especially around Leopold and now I see myself doing it. It isnso much better to get everything out in the open.\" \"Is that how they do it in America, miss?\" \"Not always, but in a lot cases they do. And don't call me miss. Inhate it. I have a name, it's Kate.\" \"It wouldn't be proper for me to call you that. I could lose my jobnfor being disrespectful.\" \"You aren't going to lose your job.\" \"You don't know my mother. She wouldn't think twice about sending menpacking if I mess anything up. She was very leery about having me back innthe first place.\" \"She is in charge of the hiring?\" \"Oh, yes. Of course she has to get Lord or Lady Mountbatten tonapprove. She sometimes will ask Leopold, but she doesn't like to bothernhim.\" \"That seems to be the consensus of everyone. Don't bother Leopold.\" \"In his position it is fairly common.\" Kate had taken off her shoes and Janet helped unfasten her dress, shenwent behind the screen and got into her nightdress. She opened up thenwardrobe and found another nightdress and threw it at Janet, \"We are goingnto have girl talk now. Put this on and get comfortable.\" \"But…\" \"No, buts, I am soon to be lady of this house and when you are in mynrooms you can be yourself, okay. That is what I want.\" Janet obeyed and came out in an identical dress, she joined Kate onnthe bed, and Kate pulled a bottle of ale out from under her bed, Janetncovered her mouth, \"Where did you get that, miss, I mean Kate?\" \"I took it from the pantry the other day, sometimes I just feel likena drink before bed, to relax. It isn't any big deal.\" \"Oh, yes it is. Cook has a complete inventory and she knows whennthings are missing. She will probably blame one of her kitchen maids, ornshe might expect Jack to take it. She would let Jack slide. Everyonenlikes Jack. He can do no wrong here.\" Kate opened the bottle and took a drink then passed it to Janet, \"Sonhow do you feel about Jack?\" \"Well, he is my best friend. I am afraid I don't return the feelingsnhe has for me. I guess because he knows too much about me. I can't believenhe still can have those feelings after what he knows. Jack deservesnsomeone a lot better.\" \"He's good looking.\" \"Extremely. No doubt about that one. And many of the local lasses,nthey have tried to win his affection. He is a hard worker and doesn't havenany time for leisure. That is just the way he is. If he does do somethingnhe likes, it would be to ride one of the horses. He does that withnLeopold. They have always been close. Like brothers.\" \"I think he's a lot like Leopold.\" \"Not at all.\" \"Maybe you are looking from the outside. The way they appear. SurenLeopold always looks immaculate, every hair in place, clothes fit himnperfectly, I don't even think the man can get dirty.\" Janet giggled, \"AndnJack is always covered in muck, hair messy\" Janet added, \"And smells like horse shit. What woman would want tonkiss a man who smells like horseshit?\" \"I bet he cleans up nice.\" \"Kate, I think you find him attractive.\" \"He only has eyes for you.\" \"Like Leopold only has eyes for you.\" With the mention of Leopold,nJanet felt melancholy again. Kate passed her the bottle again. She wanted to lighten thenconversation up but also wanted to hear about what had gone on when she hadnleft Balinor all those years ago and she didn't know how to bring it up.nBut was glad when Janet finally said something. \"I really do appreciate what you did for me tonight.\" \"I was glad to do it. That guy is a bastard.\" Janet knew what she meant but she thought about the real meaning ofnthe word and how much more fitting it was. She quickly dismissed thosenthoughts. That was something she was never supposed to mention. \"When it happened when I was young, I don't think I was as afraid. Inwas angry but not afraid. You know I wanted Leopold to know back then. Inthought he would get jealous. How stupid was that? I really believed thatnwould happen. Of course Leopold never found out. I was told never tondiscuss the matter, or I would be sent away and then when I found out I wasnpregnant, Leopold was already back at university. I decided the only way Inwould ever be able to stay at Balinor would be to lose the baby. But LordnMountbatten knew that I most likely would inform Leopold, and it was a risknto have me around. I never wanted to go. I never even got to say goodbyento Leopold.\" \"Edgar never knew?\" \"Oh, no. Not that he would have cared in the slightest. I know somengirls who got knocked up by him, he doesn't acknowledge them or theirnillegitimate children.\" \"And what if Millicent doesn't produce him an heir?\" \"He may actually seek an annulment.\" \"How can he, the marriage has already been consummated?\" \"I don't know what it's like in America, but if a wife doesn'tnproduce a son, it can be considered a viable reason to end the marriage.\" \"You would think he would already have ended it then.\" \"He knows it bothers Leopold. That is what I think anyhow. He'snlike that. He didn't really love Millicent; he only wanted her because shenloved Leopold. He wanted me for the same reason. He wants everythingnLeopold has.\" \"So what's the story with his mother?\" \"Why do you ask?\" \"I just noticed some things tonight. Odd behavior.\" \"You saw Lord Mountbatten give her the envelope?\" \"What envelope?\" Janet covered her mouth, \"Forget it.\" \"No, this is interesting. I saw them together briefly and I thoughtnMillard's behavior strange. Do you know what's going on?\" \"No, I don't. I saw an exchange of an envelope that is all. Inthought at first blackmail, but I brushed that thought aside. It couldn'tnbe.\" \"Blackmail. Why would she be blackmailing Millard?\" \"I really couldn't say. I do know that Edgar is interested innBalinor.\" \"But he could never get Balinor, the house belongs in the family.\" \"If the finances get much worse, there is a possibility the housenwill have to be sold. If Lady Spencer is blackmailing Lord Mountbatten,nthey would have the sufficient funds to purchase it.\" \"It can't be that bad.\" \"Only Lord Mountbatten knows the answer to that. He keeps his studynlocked, and the key on him at all times. No one is allowed to look at thenbooks, not even Leopold.\" \"Surely if he wanted to he could.\" \"I am sure Lord Mountbatten would do anything in his rightful powernfor that not to happen.\" Kate sat and contemplated all the information she had just received.nAnd Janet noticed the intense look on her face. \"What are you thinking, Kate?\" \"I am thinking you and I are going to find a way to get intonMillard's study.\" \"No, we couldn't do that. I would get fired.\" \"I need to think about this. Jack would help wouldn't he?\" \"No, you mustn't ask Jack. He has always been the ideal employee.nHe cannot lose his position here. It would be much worse for him. Mynreputation is already tarnished.\" \"Then you will help? I don't want Leopold to lose Balinor. I thinknit would destroy him.\" \"I would do anything for Leopold. You know that.\" Kate smiled and they each took another swig of ale. Kate was goingnto get to the bottom of this. She couldn't let anything happen tonLeopold's home.[Chapter 23] Leopold had already finished breakfast and there was no sign of Kate,nand none of the staff had even seen Janet that morning. Mrs. Collins was anlittle bit concerned, knowing her daughter was forever getting intontrouble. \"I will send Molly up to check on Miss Katherine, if you would like,nyour grace.\" \"No, that won't be necessary, I am perfectly capable of doing thatnmyself. I hate to keep Jack waiting, I had him saddle up the horses. Katenand I were planning a ride this morning.\" \"It is no problem for Molly, your grace. Then you will be free tonspeak to Jack.\" Mrs. Collins obviously didn't want him to go anywhere near Kate's room. Hengot so tired of everyone keeping things from him. Molly stood in the corner, waiting for her assignment, and Leopoldnturned to her, \"Molly, could you please go tell Jack my fiancé is holdingnus up, and we will be with him shortly.\" She curtseyed, \"Yes, your grace.\" Molly left the room, and Leopold addressed Mrs. Collins, \"You run anwonderful household, Mrs. Collins. I know that everything will be in placenand run smoothly, under your supervision, but I am the master of this housenand I am not a child anymore, I can make certain decisions on my own.\" \"Of course, you can, your grace, and I am truly sorry I have spokennout of line.\" \"Is something going on I should know about?\" \"I don't know what you mean, sir.\" \"The atmosphere in here, the looks between you and Molly. I knowneveryone likes to keep things from me. It has been that way since I wasnboy and I don't expect it change now. But I would like you to keep innmind, that I loathe secrets and lies, and I won't tolerate them in mynhouse. I especially won't tolerate my staff knowing more than I do aboutnwhat is going on around here.\" \"I can assure you nothing is going on around here, your grace.\" \"Good. Now I will go upstairs and see to my fiancé.\" When he walked out Mrs. Collins had no idea what had put him in a badnmood. Obviously the party at Westlake had set him off in some way. Henusually was so pleasant. Now she had to go find out what had happened tonJanet. No one had seen her since early yesterday evening. Leopold would normally have knocked on the door; it was thengentlemanly thing to do. But in his mood, he just walked into Kate'snchambers. Her dress had not been hung up and the room was literally anmess, he also noticed a second set of clothes, and picked up a pair of boysnlaced up boots (he knew they belonged to Janet) she had always preferrednboys shoes. He called out Kate's name before he entered her bedroom. Kate and Janet had been up nearly all night talking. Kate had evennsnuck downstairs and managed a few more bottles of ale, and they drank asnwell. Both of them falling asleep on top of the quilt of the 4-poster bed.n Kate stirred when she heard her name being called, and was just sitting upnwhen she noticed Leopold at the door, she jumped. At first not realizingnwho it was. This woke up Janet and Leopold felt a bit awkward being facednwith two beautiful women in their nightclothes. Both without any modestynwhatsoever. He blushed, noticing that Janet was hardly a little girlnanymore. And felt a bit ashamed of having these kinds of thoughts aboutnsomeone he always considered like a sister. But definitely the sexualntension had been building lately. More and more he had felt overcome withndesire for Kate and he had to admit that Edgar's talk had aroused him morenthan he would care to admit. \"I beg your pardon, ladies, I really had nonidea you would still be in your nightclothes.\" He started to walk out thendoor and Kate got up and went over to him grabbing him and kissing him innfront of Janet. Leopold was quite embarrassed and couldn't help but looknover Kate's shoulder to see Janet's longing in her eyes. He should nevernhave come up here. He tasted ale on Kate's lips and when he pulled away, he noticednbottles spread all over the floor, \"You have been drinking.\" \" A little. Don't be cross. Janet and I were having a girl's night.nI know everything there is to know about all the staff now. Janet hasnfilled me in.\" Janet knew how Leopold hated gossip and she lowered her head when henlooked at her. She abruptly stood up and realized he was standing in thendoorway and her clothes were in the dressing room. He was not about tonbudge. She stood in front of him, \"This won't happen again, your grace, I amnso sorry.\" \"Why are you apologizing to him, Janet? You are my companion and Inasked you to stay. Leopold has nothing to do with this. Don't let himnfrighten you. He loves to throw his shoulders back and look all high andnmighty, but it's a front. He is as gentle as a kitten.\" Leopold kept from smiling, but it was extremely hard. Janet was nownlooking up at him with a look he was not accustomed to. He couldn't helpnbut think of what Kate had told him last night. How she was in love withnhim, mixed with all the emotion of Edgar's advances on her…he felt verynconfused. \"I am not angry at you, Janet. I am pleased you and Kate arengetting along so splendidly, but I am concerned about the events of lastnnight. You are alright?\" \"I am fine, your grace.\" She couldn't take her eyes away from him,nthe concern in his face was evident, and it only added to her feelings fornhim. \"I will speak to Lord Spencer about this incident and I promise younit will not happen again.\" \"Oh, no, sir, please. You mustn't speak to him about this. It willnonly make him angry and he is not a pleasant man when angered. It's bestnyou stay out of this.\" \"I think I know what is best. And under the circumstances, I feel Indon't have much choice. Lord Spencer will continue to make advances onnyou, Janet and next time Kate may not be there to save you. He has to benstopped. Unless you welcome these advances?\" Janet couldn't believe he could say such a thing, \"Of course not. Inhate the man. And the thought of him ever coming near me makes me feelnsick. I won't let it happen again.\" From her tone of voice, Leopoldnthought it sounded as if this had occurred in the past. And he was nowncurious. She tried to squeeze past him and found herself rubbing up againstnhim, they both looked at each other awkwardly and Janet quickly looked awaynand began to pick up her things. Leopold leaned over and picked up thenboots, handing them to her. \"I think it might be wise for you to changenhere. I wouldn't want your mother to catch you roaming the halls in Kate'snnightdress. I can only imagine what she would think.\" \"She already thinks it, believe me.\" She went behind the screen tonchange and Leopold found he couldn't take his eyes off of her, Kate noticednit and turned him toward her, \"What is going on in there?\" She pointed atnhis head, \"you are engaged, remember?\" \"You won't let me forget.\" He smiled, he gave her a kiss. \"Jack hasnthe horses saddled and bridled. We were supposed to be going for a ride.\" Kate held her head, \"No way. You are not getting me on a horsentoday. But you are going to tell me about Edgar and murder.\" He laughed, \" I just said that to wind you up.\" \"You did not. You meant it. Edgar was involved in a murder, and ifnyou won't tell me about it, I will find out some other way.\" Janet came out from behind the screen, wearing her torn dress.n\"Kate, you must have something else she can put on. This isn't muchnimprovement on the nightdress, in fact, it is probably worse. The dress isnin tatters, for god sakes! It doesn't leave much to the imagination of whatnwent on, does it?\" Janet crossed her arms in front of her, feeling very ashamed asnLeopold looked at her. Kate started to push him towards the door, \"Wendon't need your running commentary, thank you very much. You are onlynmaking matters worse.\" They got to the door, and she pushed him out, \"Gonfor a ride, take a cold shower..\" \"We don't have that capability I am afraid, and what good would a coldnshower do anyone?\" \"okay I know there aren't such things as showers in this day and age, butndo something, anything, the horse thing…yes, riding a horse will do. Whatnhas happened to you in the last 24 hours?\" \"I can assure you, I am the same man I was last night when I kissednyou on this very spot.\" Kate wondered if it had been wise to tell him about Janet'snaffections. He was behaving oddly around her. Before he hardlynacknowledged her, now he couldn't seem to take his eyes away from her. \"Incan assure you, sir, you are not. Go for your ride.\" And she slammed thendoor on him. Leopold stood there for a moment and had no idea what he had done tondeserve that. But Kate was Kate. He never was surprised by anything shendid anymore. He headed out for the stables. Kate found Janet another dress and there was silence between them.nShe liked this girl, and no matter all that had happened to her she wasnstill very naïve. Kate trusted Leopold, why had she just been so hard onnhim. Of course, he would notice how attractive she was and the way shenlooked at him, what man wouldn't get weird . Oh, this was stupid. Nothingnwas going to happen. In 2 weeks they would be married and she would be thenonly one he would desire. She just had to watch Janet. Where Leopold wasnconcerned she might not be able to be trusted. Leopold arrived at the stables in a bit of a state. Jack noticed henwasn't himself. He seemed moody and distant, so Jack felt best not to saynanything. Leopold mounted Mordrid, \" Kate won't be riding today.\" \"I hope she is feeling alright.\" \"She got into the pantry, and between her and Janet they probably hadnat least a few bottles of ale each. Consequently, they are suffering a fairnamount this morning.\" Jack couldn't help but laugh, \"Cook must be in a right state. Shentakes inventory every morning. So Janet and Miss Katherine have hit it offnthen? That should be interesting under the circumstances.\" He didn't meannto say it aloud but he did and Leopold glared at him. \"Not you too.\" \"Me to, what?\" \"Kate informed me that Janet is in love with me. This is news to me,nbut obviously you know something about it.\" \"It isn't news, Leopold. She had her eyes set on you when she wasnstill in nappies.\" \"I find this information truly hard to believe. She has always beennlike a sister to me. And if it was true, how could she still have feelingsnfor me after such a long absence?\" \"You are her fairy tale prince. She has you up on a pedestal. Nothingnis going to change that, not even marrying Kate.\" \"You don't seem to understand how awkward this situation is for me.\" Jack was surprised to see Leopold so flummoxed. It wasn't like himnat all, and all of a sudden Jack was a bit concerned. Now that Leopold wasnaware of her feelings, could it possibly change everything? \"I am to be married, and I can't have her carrying on in such anmanner.\" \"And what manner is she carrying on in?\" Jack started to think thenworst. What had she done now? Leopold couldn't even begin to bring himself to talk about thensituation he had encountered upstairs; fully aware Jack would think he wasncrazy. He looked at Jack and saw concern. \"You love her, Jack. You canntake care of this.\" \"She doesn't love me, Leopold. She loves you. Only you can takencare of this.\" \"And pray tell, how am I suppose to go about doing that?\" \"You either give her what she wants or you tell her to bugger off.\"nNow Jack was angry, \"Your uncle would send her away. That always seems tonbe a gentleman's solution to every problem.\" \"I couldn't possibly send her away.\" \"Then you have a decision to make, I am sure the ride will clear yournhead, your grace, and will allow you to choose wisely.\" His voice wasnsharp, and Leopold had never heard him speak in such a matter. Jack started to walk Guinevere back her stable, \"You won't be joiningnme, Jack?\" \"I can't see it would serve any purpose, your grace.\" \"I enjoy your company.\" \"I am afraid, I am not the best company at this time. Maybe Janetnwould like to join you. I am sure she could provide the company youndesire, your grace.\" He walked away from him. And Leopold sat on top ofnMordrid, perplexed. What the hell was happening to everyone? The next week was a strange one at Balinor. Millard, Margaret,nLeopold and Kate plus Otis and Janet would be traveling to London tonintroduce Kate to society before the wedding. But things weren't not asnthey should be at Balinor with a wedding just around the corner. Leopoldnhad chosen to spend all his waking hours in his lab working. He did managento take an early morning ride, but took all his meals in the lab, notnseeing anyone except Otis. Kate could not even break thru, which concernednher. She spent a lot of time outside taking walks on her own, beingnconfined in the house right now agitated her, and not being able to seenLeopold didn't help matters. Janet got on with her daily duties, but evernsince that morning in the bedroom, she and Kate had not been the same.nThere was a strain between them, and Jack wouldn't even speak to her. Jacknhad been so moody lately. He worked harder than usual, exercised everynhorse diligently and then went straight to bed in the evening, not evenneating with the rest of the staff. The party was set to leave for London the next morning and Balinor'snstaff sat around the table in the servant's dining room, discussing thenstrange atmosphere in the house, Sarah, the elder downstairs maid said, \"He's been locked up in thatnlaboratory all week. I haven't seen anything like this for a long time.nHe doesn't act like a man about to be married.\" Lily, who was very quiet said, \"We really shouldn't judge, we don'tnknow what is going on.\" Maggie, the youngest member of the staff couldn't help but add herntwo cents, \"I will tell you what, it has something to do with Janet. Inknow it. Have you ever seen the way she looks at him. And she doesn'tneven care what Miss Katherine thinks. And poor Miss Katherine, she hasnbeen walking around like a lost soul for days.\" Mrs. Collins walked in, \"Enough gossip from all of you. We have anlot to do. Maggie and Molly you will be helping Lady Mountbatten pack thisnafternoon for the trip. Has anyone seen Janet?\" \"I believe she is attending to Miss Katherine's things, Mrs.nCollins.\" Piped in Molly. \"Fine. I think everything is in order.\" Sarah whispered to Lily, \"Except for the bride and groom, I would saynwouldn't you?\" Otis stood over his master, Leopold had not had much sleep and itnconcerned him, \"You have hardly touched your breakfast, sir.\" \"I am not hungry.\" He pushed the plate aside. \"Do you plan to stay locked up in here until the wedding, sir?\" \"I will do what I damn well please, Otis.\" \"Of course you will.\" Leopold turned and looked up at him, \"And what the hell did you meannby that?\" \"Everyone is concerned about you.\" \"I highly doubt that, Otis.\" \"I don't mean to pry, sir…\" \"But you are going to, so go ahead. You have been dying to allnweek.\" \"Ever since the ball at Westlake, you have not been your self. Thenstaff is concerned that there is trouble. We all know what Lord Spencer isncapable.\" \"I can't believe I am saying this, but I wish the only trouble wasnEdgar at this point in time. Everything would be a lot simpler.\" \"Have you and Miss Katherine had words?\" \"No, not recently. We aren't speaking. How is that for two peoplenwho will be married in a weeks time?\" \"Well, I suggest you unlock this door and go find her and sort thisnout, whatever it is.\" \"I am afraid, it is more complicated than that.\" \"It is none of my business, sir.\" Otis picked up the plate andnstarted for the door, Leopold turned around. \"Otis, stay, please. I really don't know what the hell I am going tondo and I have been hiding in here trying to sort it out, but I can't seemnto even think straight.\" \"You know if I can be of any assistance, sir.\" \"Have you ever had feelings for two women at the same time?\" Otis looked shocked, \"I can't say that I have.\" \"Well, you see I am in a bit of a quandary. Not a bit, one hell of anquandary is more like it. I have been informed a member of my staff hasnsome affection for me. \" \"I am assuming you are speaking of Janet, sir?\" \"You assume correctly. It has made things very awkward. All of ansudden I can't look at her the same. I used to consider her like thenyounger sister I never had. And now, I see something different. She isnattractive and desirable, and she looks at me…\" Leopold felt his facenflush, \"well, she looks at me in a way that isn't appropriate between anmember of staff and myself.\" \"I see your dilemma, sir, and I am sorry to say I don't have ansolution. Do you love this girl?\" \"No, no, no…at least I don't think so. I mean, I do love her like ansister, and now I am having thoughts about her that are not very sisterlynlike, if you know what I mean.' \"I see. Well, this is natural, Leopold. You are to be married, andnyou will have some doubts and having this girl's affection, well it can benvery confusing. You must speak to her.\" \"I couldn't possibly.\" \"You can't go on like this. You are marrying Kate and having sexualnthoughts about her personal companion. I know you Leopold, you are a mannof your word and your honor and you will do the right thing. You must sortnthis out.\" \"And what if I don't do the right thing?\" \"You will pay the consequences. Maybe ladies like Millicent wouldnturn a blind eye, to their husband having a mistress, but I doubt Katenwould. You will lose her.\" \"I never said anything about having a mistress. I have no intentionnof taking a mistress, I am not even married yet and I have no intention ofnlosing Kate.\" There was a knock at the door, Leopold shouted out, \"Go away, I amnbusy.\" He then heard Margaret's voice, \"You will let me in Leopold, I amnsick of your childish behavior.\" Leopold put his head in his hand and sighed, \"let her in, Otis.\" Otis let her in, she noticed that Leopold had not shaven in days andnhe looked a bit disheveled. Papers were strewn everywhere, \"I must havenLily come in to clean in here, this is disgusting.\" She then turned tonOtis, \"I surely hope you are talking some sense into this boy, Otis. Infind his behavior well suited to a child of 5, not a Duke.\" \"I have tried, my lady.\" \"To no avail I take it.\" Otis nodded. \"I am very busy, Aunt. What is it you would like to speak to menabout?\" He said sarcastically, knowing full well what was on her mind. \"We leave for London first thing in the morning. I will not toleratenthis behavior in court. I don't know what is going on with you. Keepingnyourself locked in here, like a caged animal. And the sight of you is notnmuch better.\" \"I will not be joining you tomorrow.\" Margaret was shocked, \"I beg your pardon.\" \"I have some things I need to take care of, I will join you in Londonnthe following day. I will take my horse. Don't worry; I will be there inntime for the ball at Windsor. I won't be needed otherwise. Showing Katenoff, means tea parties and soirees with a bunch of snobby women, mynattendance is not required.\" \"You will go with us tomorrow.\" She demanded. \"I will not.\" \"And what am I to tell Katherine.\" \"I will speak to her myself.\" \"Really? You haven't said more that two words to her in the last 4ndays. She has been moping around here, hardly the happy bride to be. Whatnis going on, Leopold? I demand an explanation and Kate most definitelyndeserves one.\" \"And I am not prepared to give one. I guarantee she will have one,nonce I know what it is.\" \"This is absolutely ludicrous.\" \"Yes, I believe it is. Now can you both leave. I have a lot of worknto do.\" \"This is hardly important.\" She picked up one of his drawings. \"It is important to me.\" He snatched it out of her hands and wentnback to his drawing. Otis and Margaret looked at each other shocked by hisnbehavior. It was so unlike him. As they walked out and closed the doornbehind them, they heard the lock turn on the other side. They both walkedndown the hall together. \"Otis, the staff is talking. Something about Janet. I know she hasnalways been fond of him.\" \"I wouldn't worry, my lady, Master Leopold will sort this out in hisnown due time.\" \"We don't have time. It's only a week until the wedding and the ballnat Windsor is in a few days. All eyes will be on him and his choice for anbride. If he is having second thoughts…\" \"No, he is not having second thoughts. We need to leave him be.nLeopold has always needed his solitude when he is troubled. And he hasnalways done the right thing. This time will be no different.\" \"I do hope you are right, Otis.\" That evening in the drawing room Millard and Margaret played cards,nwhile Kate paced back and forth the length of the room, she looked at thenclock and the door, and wondered if Leopold would make an appearance thisnevening. Somehow she doubted it. Margaret was concerned. \"Kate join us. Watching the clock is doing you no good.\" \"He isn't coming. I can't take this anymore. I am going to go getnhim.\" Margaret stood up and took her arm, \"You must leave him.\" \"Why must I? He has hardly spoken to me all week. He hasn't evenncome out of that room to eat.\" \"He is working on a very important invention. He is having a break-nthrough or whatever you call it, he can't bear to be disturbed when he isnworking.\" \"I don't care.\" She pulled away from her and left the room, headingntowards the laboratory. But she wasn't prepared to see Janet about readynto knock on the door. Janet was startled when she heard Kate's voice,n\"What are you doing here?\" \"I wanted to see if Master Leopold needed anything.\" \"Have you been down here before?\" \"No, miss. I wasn't doing anything wrong.\" \"If Leopold needs anything, Otis will get it for him. You are myncompanion, not his. Do I make myself perfectly clear?\" \"Yes, miss.\" \"You can go now.\" \"Miss Katherine, please…I have done nothing wrong. And everyone isnmad at me. Jack won't even speak to me.\" \"Then why don't you go and see if Jack needs anything.\" Janet didn'tnlike the tone in her voice. \"You think what the others do, don't you? I thought you were mynfriend? I thought you were different?\" \"I don't want to talk about this now.\" She looked at the door,n\"Please go.\" Janet gave her an odd look and walked down the hall. Kate proceedednto knock on the door. \"Leopold, please open the door.\" She heard some sign of life from inside and footsteps coming towardsnthe door, but the lock didn't turn. On the other side of the door Leopoldnleaned his head against the door, \"Kate\" There was silence. \"Open the door.\" \"No…I can't.\" \"You mean you won't.\" \"I can't…not now. There is so much I want to say to you, and youndeserve an explanation for my childish behavior but I am not able to givenyou one at this time. You must know I do love you with all my heart.\" \"You have an odd way of showing it.\" \"I need to sort some things out. I won't be joining you tomorrow onnthe carriage journey to London, but rest assured I will be there thenfollowing day, and you will have your explanation. I am hoping you will benpatient with me at this time. You will have Aunt Margaret and Aunt Agnesnto keep you company and they will keep you busy, with all the teas you willnbe attending. We will talk upon my arrival in London. Have a safenjourney.\" \"Leopold, please…open the door.\" She heard his footsteps walk away from the door and let out a sigh.nWhat was going on with him? This was so unlike him. Is this something shenhad to look forward to in their relationship? Days on end locked insidenhis laboratory, never seeing him whenever he was in a mood. And what aboutnJanet? Was she a friend or foe? She seemed so harmless, but who knows whatnwas going on inside her head. Kate headed down the hall and towards the front door; Margaret was atnthe drawing room door, \"Kate, where are you going?\" \"Outside.\" \"It is getting late, and quite nippy, I wouldn't want you to catchncold. You should be staying inside and keeping warm.\" \"I need some fresh air. I will be fine.\" Margaret didn't like hernmood. She seemed so lost. Kate headed out towards her favorite spot in the garden. Even thoughnit was dark, the moonlight caste shadows on the walkway and on the rosenbushes that Kate loved. She sat on the bench and looked up at the clearnsky. This part of the garden was at the very far end, away from the housenand close to the nearby woods. She was not concerned with the nighttimennoises, her mind was elsewhere. Leopold was all she had, and she felt henwas slipping away from her. She had given everything up to be with him andnshe didn't want to think about what would happen if she lost him. All of ansudden she heard laughter coming from the woods, it was dark and shencouldn't see anything. But there were definitely voices. She got up andnheaded towards the sound, as she crept closer around one of the hedges, shenbumped into someone and toppled over, she stifled a gasp, and then heard anfamiliar voice, \"Miss Katherine, you nearly scared me death. What are you doing outnhere at this time of night?\" He whispered. \"Jack,\" He held out his hand to help her up and she dusted herselfnoff, \"you heard the voices too.\" \"I was tending to one of the mares, who has a poorly leg and Inthought I heard rustling. It is probably nothing.\" There it was again, the laughter, then the very distinct voice,n\"Maggie, you have been ever so helpful and I will repay you for all theninformation you have provided me with.\" \"Oh, no, you don't have to do that, my lord, your kindness is all thenpayment I require.\" There was more giggling. Jack and Kate looked at each other knowing that it was EdgarnSpencer's voice they made out speaking to young Maggie. Jack pulled out anpistol from under his shirt, \"What are you going to do with that?\" Katenquestioned. \"Scare the shit out of him.\" \"And disturb the whole house.\" \"You have any better ideas. I don't want Maggie getting herself intonthe same predicament so many other young ladies have found themselves innonce in Lord Spencer's clutches.\" \"Fine.\" He shot off the gun into the air, and that was enough for Edgar. Henfastened his trousers and got back on his horse and rode through the woods.n Jack and Kate started walking towards where the noise had come from andnMaggie stood there, the top of her dress unbuttoned, looking verynsheepishly. Jack was stern with her, \"I won't even ask what you think you were doing in there with thatnman, but so help me, Maggie, I will tell Mrs. Collins if you even thinknabout seeing him again.\" \"No, Jack, you mustn't. She will send me back home and I won't havenany references. You can't do that.\" \"Then stay away from Lord Spencer.\" She nodded. \"And what information are you providing him?\" \"Nothing. I didn't tell him anything.\" \"He wants something from you Maggie and it isn't a quick feel undernyour dress. You better tell me.\" \"He was asking about his grace and I told him no one had seen hidennor hair of him in days, that he's locked himself into his laboratory.\" \"And…\" She looked over at Kate, \"He wanted to know about you, miss. Indidn't tell him anything because I don't know anything. I said he shouldnspeak to Janet.\" \"Do you like working here, Maggie?\" \"Yes, I do very much. His grace is the most wonderful employer andnso kind and generous.\" \"Then why the hell are you telling Lord Spencer anything about himnwhatsoever? You must know that he is up to no good. \" \"But he was very kind, and he is rather attractive and I never meetnany men here, there is only you. And everyone knows you have no interestnin anyone by Janet.\" He felt a bit embarrassed. \"I will make sure I introduce you to somenof the local boys in the village then. Stay away from Lord Spencer. Isnthat clear?\" \"Yes, Jack. Can I go now.\" \"Go on.\" She ran as fast as she could towards the house. Kate looked over at him, \"I am impressed. You handled that verynwell.\" He let out a sigh, \"Someone has got to do it.\" \"Do you think she told him anything else?\" \"I don't know. She is quite the gossip. I am sure he now knows thatnyou and Leopold aren't speaking. And that probably pleases him. Who knowsnwhat she told him about Janet.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"It's nothing. You should get back to the house, Miss.\" \"Is something going on between Leopold and Janet? Jack what do younknow?\" \"It's gossip, that is all.\" \"Tell me.\" \"Nothing is going on. I take it Leopold is a little overwhelmed withnJanet's affection for him.\" \"That is a nice way of saying that he is attracted to her and that henwants to get her into bed.\" She said sarcastically. Angry but on the vergenof tears. \"You don't have to worry about Leopold. He loves you, MissnKatherine.\" \"But I have to worry about Janet.\" \"She doesn't mean to do this.\" \"Oh, come on Jack, I have seen the way she looks at him. What manncould possibly resist that look.\" \"She isn't playing a game, Kate. She truly believes he is the mannfor her. I think she has held on to these romantic notions all this timenbecause of the way she has been treated while she has been away. It hasnalways kept her going. That he would make everything right. I don't likenit either, believe me. I haven't spoken to either one of them and now he'sngone and run away from the situation, which really isn't helping matters.\" She had started to cry, \"He is slipping away from me, Jack. He is allnI have. I gave everything up because I was in love with him. I want tonspend the rest of my life with him and now this. Janet wants him and Injust don't know what to do. Maybe I should just let him have his fling andnget it out of his system, but then I think what if they really are meant tonbe together. Why should I stand in their way?\" He gently put his arms around her to comfort her, \"He loves you andnthere is no way in hell that Janet is going to end up with Leopold. Younhave got to stop thinking about that. He is having one of those guynmoments, you know thinking about spending the rest of your life withnsomeone, it is rather a scary thought. She happens to be attractive andntotally smitten with him, it is tempting. Even for Leopold. The guy is odd,nKate, but not that odd. He just needs some time.\" \"And what about Janet?\" \"I wish I could help you. I lay awake at nights trying to figure outna way she might find me as attractive as him, but so far to no avail. Inwork in a stable, and wear grubby smelly clothes, it isn't verynattractive.\" \"We will have to work on that.\" \"I am afraid there is nothing to work with.\" \"You would be surprised. A bath, a suit…they say clothes make thenman.\" He laughed, \"And what good would a suit do me? I ride horses for anliving. I am not about to change my occupation. This is what I love.\" \"And Janet, you love Janet.\" \"It isn't going to happen, Kate. I have already given up on thenidea. In fact, I actually have a date this weekend, with a girl in thenvillage.\" \"You can't give up. Not when you feel so strongly about someone.\" \"Are you giving up?\" \"Not likely, like I said he's all I have.\" \"You think I should give it another go?\" \"Yes, I do.\" He smiled at her, \"I like you, Kate McKay.\" \"I like you too, Jack. It's nice to have someone to talk to.\" \"I will walk you up to the house, you feel cold.\" He rubbed his handnup her arm, as they turned to walk back, his arm around her, he noticednactivity out on the steps of the house and Leopold and Millard walkingntoward them. They had heard the shot. Leopold noticed the intimacynbetween them and didn't look pleased. Jack immediately dropped his arm fromnaround her. Millard called out to him, \"What the hell is going on, Jack? We heard a shot.\" \"Poacher I believe, my lord, I scared him off. Everything is fine.\" Kate and Leopold just glared at each other. He was unshaven, and fornthe first time he was not his immaculately dressed self. His shirt wasnuntucked from his trousers and his suspenders hanging off them. His hair,nsticking out every which way. \"I didn't realize Miss Katherine was out here, it probably isn'tnincredibly safe for her to be on her own, don't you agree, your grace?\" \"No, she shouldn't be out here on her own.\" He was still staring atnher. \"Well, since everything is fine and Miss Katherine has been deliveredninto safe hands, I will be calling it a night. Goodnight Miss Katherine,nyour grace, Lord Mountbatten.\" \"Goodnight Jack.\" Kate smiled at him as he walked away. Millard turned to Margaret and the staff who had assembled on thenstairs and waved them inside, \"Everything is fine.\" He then turned tonLeopold, \"We are lucky to have that man around, he has always gone farnbeyond his regular duties for this family.\" \"I am in agreement with you Uncle, Jack is a fine man. Isn't he,nKate?\" \"Yes, a fine man, Leopold.\" She said sarcastically. She turned aroundnand began to head for the house, then stopped and made one last remark. \"Inhave a big day ahead of me tomorrow, I better turn in. And by the looks ofnyou, it wouldn't do you any harm to do the same. But then you are not goingnto London tomorrow, so I guess you can do as you please. Oh, what am Insaying, you always do as you please, your grace.\" And she stormed offntowards the house. Millard felt a bit awkward, \"What have you done to deserve that,nLeopold?\" \"I have been my arrogant, selfish, pompous self I suppose. Isn'tnthat what being a Duke is all about?\" And he stormed off towards the house. Millard shrugged hisnshoulders, \"Children! Thank god, he doesn't have a sibling!\" And henfollowed Leopold into the house.[Chapter 24] After a restless night sleep Leopold was up and dressed, and out fornhis morning ride before most of the house was even contemplating gettingnup. He knew he was behaving like an imbecile and he really didn't know whatnhad come over him. Now it just seemed like pride, and he was embarrassednabout his behavior in the last few days. This had all started with Edgar.nWhy did he let that man get to him? Of course Janet played into thenpicture to, but he really felt that Edgar's intention was to get Leopold tonthink along those lines, just to cause more trouble. Before he had neverneven contemplated any feelings whatsoever for her, and she surely had notndone anything to actually evoke those feelings except she tended to look upnto him like he was some sort of a god. Other women he had known in the pastnhad been much more aggressive in these matters, knowing exactly what theynwanted and playing the game to get it. He had seen right through them, butnJanet was different. She was not playing a game, she had very strongnfeelings for him indeed, and he was sure they were quite sincere. It wasnflattering, but it was not healthy. As he rode Mordrid through the woods,nhe realized he would have to speak to her and she would have to know, thatnalthough he did care for her, she was only a friend and he would do nothingnto jeopardize his relationship with Kate. He thought about Edgar and whatnEdgar would make of all this. Probably laugh, and he would love to seenLeopold's whole life in turmoil. To see Balinor and it's inhabitantsncrumble. And that is exactly what would happen if he pursued the desiresnhe had been feeling the last few days. Being alone and thinking about it,nof course was nothing like facing all of them once again. He was the onlynone that could make it right again, and this burden lay heavy on him, notnknowing where to begin. Kate was so angry and she had every right to be.nAnd his decision to not join them on the journey to London today wasnprobably just making it worse. But he needed the time alone. Millard,nMargaret, Kate and Janet would be gone and he could sort things out with nondistractions. Tomorrow he would join them in London and he would try andncome up with some explanation that Kate would accept, and something to tellnJanet that wouldn't break her heart. He gave Mordred a good swift kick andngalloped into the woods. Janet had seen Leopold ride off from her bedroom window. It was earlynand they weren't planning to leave for London till 9. She was expected tonhelp Kate with her things in about an hour. This gave her some time, maybenshe could catch up with him, if she could sneak past Jack and get a horsensaddled without him noticing. She knew Jack's routine fairly well andnusually after he saw Leopold off (if he wasn't joining him on a ride) henthen would tend to feed the others. If he was in one of the back stalls,nshe could easily get out one of the mares. She got dressed and laced upnher boots and quickly headed downstairs toward the stables. There was no sign of Jack, and this meant he was still in bed. Notngood. He was always so aware of every sound going on in the stable,nespecially when he was in bed. She hid behind a post for a whilencontemplating her next move, when Jack's door opened. He stepped outsidenwearing only his long john bottoms and he stretched before he headed outntowards the water pump. Janet watched him from behind and she realized shenhad never seen him without a shirt on, or at least not for a long time. Shenremembered a skinny scrawny physique. Jack now had muscles and she had tonadmit, he was quite a sight. What was she thinking? It was Jack, good oldnJack. The one who always knew what was best for her, always had advice. Shenwatched as he began pumping and when the water flowed out he stuck hisnwhole head under it. He let out a faint gasp. Surely the water was cold.nThen flipped his head back, and shook his head. Then took his hand throughnit, getting it off his face. When he turned to walk back to the stable,nshe quickly darted into the first stall, not wanting to be seen. She waited till she heard him go back into his room and quietly triednto saddle the mare in the stall. She thought she had succeeded and begannto lead the horse out, when she ran into Jack. Now in a pair of trousers,nbut still shirtless, hair tousled, a towel draped over his shoulders. \"Well, well, well…what do we have here? Thinking about taking a ridenthis morning are we?\" She was speechless, more because of his appearance. She had nevernseen him look so attractive, and it threw her. She averted her eyes, andnwondered how she could get out of here. But he was blocking her way. \"I am afraid you would never catch up to him. This little marendoesn't have it in her. And Mordrid runs like the wind.\" She still was not speaking and Jack found it odd. Janet always hadnsomething to say. \"This is a first. You have nothing to say?\" \"Only could you please let me by.\" She had let go of the reigns. \"Janet, come on. I miss our arguments and discussions. It's not thensame without your opinions on everything. I am going to miss you terriblynwhen you are in London. Balinor is never the same when you are away.\" \"I need to get to Miss Katherine.\" \"A Few minutes ago you were ready to follow Leopold on horseback.nNow you have to go see to Kate. Why such a change in plans?\" \"Like you said, I would never catch up.\" \"Is that what you wanted to do?\" \"I don't know. I don't know anymore. Please let me by.\" \"You know how beautiful you are when you are angry.\" He lifted hernchin and she couldn't avoid his gaze. She felt helpless, what wasnhappening to her. This wasn't supposed to happen. Jack was amazed at hisnconfidence all of a sudden and for the first time she was responding tonhim. It wasn't much, but it was something. He felt he had her. She wasnlooking at him, the way he had seen her look at Leopold. He stroked thenside of her face and then ran his fingers through her soft silken chestnutnhair. Janet had never been touched in such a way. Her experiences with mennhad not been truly pleasurable. Edgar was rough and demanding, pleasingnhimself only. The Earl, 20 years her senior, quite different than Edgar,nawkward and needy, but all the same only interested in the pleasure henreceived. She felt a tingly sensation throughout her body as Jack brushednhis lips against her cheek and then found her lips. He was tender andngentle (wasn't this how she had always imagined Leopold to be?), but at thensame time incredibly sensual. When he pulled away from her, she stoodnmotionless; shocked by the sensation she was feeling. Jack was a littlenembarrassed, how long had he waited to do that? And now he felt a littlenbit awkward. \"You have never kissed me before. Why?\" \"I suppose the timing was never right. We were always arguing orndiscussing Leopold.\" \"You should have kissed me before, Jack.\" He smiled, \"I take it you enjoyed it.\" She looked down at her feet, and began kicking the hay around withnher boots awkwardly. Jack noticed she was wearing his old boots. He hadnpassed them onto her when she was about 15. He was amazed she still hadnthem and they hadn't fallen to bits. He lifted her chin again so she had to look at him. \"Talk to me.\" \"I don't know what to say. I feel a little overwhelmed and confused.n No one has ever kissed me like that before, no has ever touched me likenthat before and you standing here…well…you are Jack, my best friend andnthis isn't how it's suppose to be.\" \"There go all your theories about Leopold out the window, is thatnwhat you mean?\" \"I don't know. You know how I feel about Leopold.\" \"I know only to well.\" He felt defeated again. Just when he thoughtnhe was getting somewhere. But instead of walking away, like he wouldnnormally do. He plucked up the courage, and took her into his arms, \"Inthink it's about time I gave you something else to think about.\" This timenwhen he kissed her, it was much more passionate, but still tender. Hencaressed her back and she felt his heart racing against her, his strongnarms embraced her, his tongue exploring her mouth. It was like nothing shenhad ever felt before, and for the first time in her life, she wanted him.nNot Leopold, Jack. The touch of his bare skin against hers excited her, andnshe wanted more, she knew how to please a man. That was one thing shencould do well, and as she started to unfasten his belt, he stepped away. \"No, Janet.\" He refastened it. She looked hurt, \"Don't you want me? I want you.\" \"It won't be like this. It will be the right time. This is not it.\" \"But I don't understand.\" He took her face in his hands, \"I love you. And I want us to bentogether. But I am not Edgar. Being together doesn't mean you have to givenyourself to me.\" \"But I want to.\" \"That is all you know. I think we should do this properly. I wantnus to court, Janet. I don't want people talking about us behind are back,nI want to take you for rides in the woods and picnics, and to dances. Inwant us to be a couple. I want to hold hands and exchange glances across ancrowded room, and know exactly what the other one of us is thinking at thentime.\" \"You are a romantic, Jack.\" \"Yes, I am. Don't you want any of those things?\" She nodded, \"I do, I just didn't think they really existed in mynworld. I guess that is why I always dreamed of Leopold. He seemed to wantnall those things. Kate said to me the other day, you were quite likenLeopold and I told her she was mistaken. You were nothing like Leopold.nBut you are more like Leopold than I could ever have imagined\" \"I can never be Leopold, Janet. I can't give you what he could givenyou. I have this.\" He looked around the stable, \"Not much else. But Incan love you, I can love you with all my heart, and I would always be angood husband, my eyes would never stray.\" She was surprised, \"You're asking me to marry you, Jack?\" \"Of course. I have always known I belonged with you. Of course, wenmust go through a sufficient courting period. I insist, this is donenproper. That is if you'll have me.\" She smiled and started to kiss him, \"I will have to see how thencourting goes first. I want to make sure your intentions are true. A girlncan't be to sure nowadays can she?\" She teased. He had never felt sonhappy. He only wished he would have made this advance sooner, then maybenhe could've prevented the unhappiness everyone in the house was goingnthrough right now…especially Kate and Leopold. As they kissed, they werensurprised to hear footsteps behind them and they looked up to find,nMargaret standing before them. Janet quickly pulled away from him straightening her dress, andncurtseyed to her. Jack realized he was lacking a shirt, which wasn't going to sit well withnher under the circumstances. \"Janet, you are needed upstairs. We will be leaving within the hour.nI don't know what is going on here, but your mother will have to beninformed Janet. She has strict policies on relationships between staffnmembers. I don't think she will be very pleased. And as for you, Jack,ngallivanting around half naked in front of a young impressionable woman isnsomething I wouldn't expect of you.\" She was trying not to look at him,nshe remembered what it was like to be young and feel desire for a youngnman. She didn't like to be cross with either one of them, but there werenrules. \"I have asked Janet to marry me, my lady.\" \"Ah, really. And Janet has accepted?\" \"No, not yet, but she will in time.\" \"He hopes.\" Janet smiled. \"Well, that does change things a bit doesn't it? This is all verynsudden.\" \"Yes, it is.\" \"Well, it doesn't change the fact that we are leaving for Londonntoday, and Janet has work to do, and I am sure, you have a lot to do asnwell Jack. For starters, putting on a shirt.\" Janet smiled; even Margaret thought he looked good without a shirt. \"Yes, mam, I will do that right away.\" He wanted to kiss Janet againnbut Margaret was waiting. Janet too, felt the need to kiss him; she was not leaving them alone. Margaret sensed the awkwardness, \"You two, will have some time beforenwe depart I am sure, to say your proper goodbyes. Come along, Janet.\" There was noise outside the stables and Jack realized Leopold hadnreturned. He wasn't sure what Leopold would make of all this, or Janetnwould react to him now. But they were soon to find out. He quickly wentninto his room and grabbed a shirt, and headed out to assist him. Janet andnMargaret stopped in front of Leopold, who had just dismounted. \"Did you have a pleasant ride this morning, Leopold?\" \"Very rejuvenating, aunt indeed.\" He looked at Janet who feltnawkward, but he saw something different in the way she looked at him thisnmorning. \"I do wish you would change your mind about traveling with us down tonLondon.\" \"I desperately need to sort things out here.\" \"I do understand. Well, Janet, we have a lot to do, and I am surenJack is anxious to tell Leopold his news.\" Leopold looked confused, \"News, what news?\" Jack looked at Janet for guidance. Leopold noticed the glancenbetween them. What had happened in the last 24 hours? They hadn't beennspeaking and now they were exchanging glances. He had been shut in the labnto long, obviously. \"You can tell him anything you want. I really must go. I will seenyou before we leave?\" \"Definitely.\" Margaret and Janet walked up to the house. And Leopold watched Jackncuriously as he watched the Ladies. \"Are you going to tell me what's goingnon? My aunt sounded like your news was rather important.\" Jack continued to unsaddle Mordrid, he hadn't spoken to Leopold atnall in the last few days and now it seemed awkward. Knowing how Leopoldnfelt about Janet. How would he react to this news? \"Janet and I…well, I have asked her to marry me.\" \"Marry you? This is rather sudden isn't it? As I recall you, younsaid she doesn't love you.\" \"I think I might have been mistaken. I can't be sure, it is earlyndays yet and we won't be able to begin our proper courtship till shenreturns from London. She hasn't said yes, but she hasn't said no either.\" Leopold wasn't sure how to take this. \"I am happy for you Jack, younknow that.\" \"I am afraid that anything I said to you earlier, was out of purenjealousy and contempt. Obviously I cannot change the fact you have somenfeeling for her. I don't blame you, but I don't think you love her. Atnleast not the way I do. I know you love Kate, and she adores you. I havenalways wanted Janet. She has always wanted you. Or so she thought. Infound out this morning that I could possibly give Janet what she wants. Incan't be you, but I think she loved the idea of you. I may not be a duke,nand have an estate and money, but I do have some of the same ideals as you.n I think she might be able to look under the smelly clothes and Wellingtonnboots now, and see that you and I aren't so different after all.\" Leopold gave him a pat on the back, and smiled, \"No, we aren't sondifferent. I have always envied you, Jack. I thought living with thenhorses would be brilliant. They never demand things of you, except foodnand water and affection. They don't talk back. They love younunconditionally. You can be dirty all day long, and ride as much as younlike. Not a bad life.\" \"I like my life, Leopold. And I will like it more with Janet in it.\" \"I have no doubt she will say yes.\" \"They you approve.\" \"What is not to approve? You and Janet have always been my bestnfriends, I think it's wonderful. I will always remember the first time Innoticed you were interested, that day you came back with her on your horse,nshe had been crying because I had teased her.\" \"You remember that?\" \"Of course I do. I was jealous of you. You were much closer than Inwas with her. You talked about everything. Because of who I was, you bothnnever truly opened up to me. There was something between you then, I knewnit. Maybe she didn't. She was young. I was always envious of the way younlived your life. All the staff was happy to be in service. My service.nAll of you were like a family, and every chance I got I tried to be part ofnthat family. Never truly succeeding. Everyone included me, but I was alwaysnthe Duke. I never could really be part of your world, no matter how hard Intried.\" Jack saw the loneliness in Leopold's eyes. It had always beennthere. Jack remembered when his parents had died, and how Leopold's lifenhad changed. He had never truly gotten over that. He had always beennalone, even when they were all together. \"Hey, you will always be a part of mine and Janet' s world. That isnjust the way it is. I know it hasn't been easy for you and I must say Inwouldn't trade my life for yours. But you have Kate now, Leopold. You arengoing to be married and have a family and you will have a place of yournown. You won't have to try and fit in anywhere, because you already fit innwith Kate.\" \"We are not speaking.\" \"Whose fault is that? Surely not Kate's?\" Most servants would not speak to him in such a way, but Jack hadnalways felt Leopold was more of a friend than a Duke \"You are right. It is my fault. I chose to lock myself away, to notnface reality once again.\" \"And did it solve anything?\" \"Well, obviously it did. You made your attentions known to Janet.nThat probably wouldn't have happened otherwise.\" \"So I have you to thank for my courage in showing Janet mynaffection.\" He smiled, \"Of course.\" \"Well, I think you need to start thinking about Kate. And what younare going to do to regain her trust in you.\" \"She doesn't trust me? She told you that?\" \"She is scared, Leopold. She is scared of losing you. She wasnwilling to accept the fact you were interested in Janet, she didn't likenit, but what else could she do. She did put a lot of trust in you, leavingnher home to be with you. And then for this to happen. Well, I don't thinknI would trust you either. But then men are not to be trusted especiallynwhen a beautiful woman is involved.' \"I am not your ordinary man.\" \"Far from it. Much like myself. So out of curiosity what had youndecided to do about Janet?\" \"Under the circumstance, I decline to answer that question. You arento become her fiancé and anything I was thinking or feeling at the timenwell is of no importance. You are my friend and I don't plan onnjeopardizing that friendship at this time.\" \"Wise answer. So what about Kate? You know you should join themntoday. Make the effort, it might help.\" \"No, I have made up my mind, I am staying here. I will leave fornLondon in the morning. I need a little more time on my own.\" Jack led Mordrid back to his stall and Leopold followed, he watchednas Jack removed his bridle and then brushed the horse down. Mordridnwhinnied in delight. He loved to be brushed. Leopold leaned on the stallndoor, \"You aren't thinking of leaving Balinor, I mean if and when younmarry?\" \"Do you want me to go?\" \"No, I do not, but your quarters won't be suitable for a wife, and anfamily.\" \"They will be fine. I would not think of leaving you. This is mynhome and everyone here is my family and I love these horses.\" \"That is a relief. I will check into the prospects of building you anproper home on the estate.\" \"Leopold, you don't have to do that. I know the money is tight. Itnis a frivolous expense.\" \"I don't call giving my two closest friends a proper wedding giftnfrivolous.\" \"She hasn't said yes, yet.\" \"But she will, Jack. I know she will.\" Janet went straight to Kate's room, \"I am sorry, I am late, MissnKatherine. I am afraid I lost track of time.\" Margaret stood behind them in the doorway smiling. \"You aren't goingnto tell Katherine your news?\" \"No, ma'am, it really is nothing and I we must get ready for ournjourney. You said so yourself, ma'am.\" \"I hardly call a proposal of marriage nothing, what do you thinknKatherine?\" Kate looked shocked, \"Jack…did Jack propose?\" She nodded. And Kate thought about their words last night. He wasnready to give up, what had happened. \"…And your answer?\" \"Well, I haven't said yes, he wants a proper courtship. He is a goodnman.\" \"I told you he was.\" Margaret excused herself, \"I will have Parker come and get yourntrunk, Kate shortly.\" After she left, Kate's tone changed. She felt everything had nownchanged. Maybe she wouldn't lose Leopold after all. \"You have to tell meneverything. It seems so sudden. A couple of days ago, you said how couldnanyone be interested in a man who smells like horses.\" \"Well, I was wrong. You don't notice the smell, not when he kissesnyou.\" Kate smiled, \"He kissed you?\" \"Oh, yes, and it was like nothing I had ever experienced. It wasntender and gentle and loving, and you wouldn't think a man like Jack wouldnkiss like that. And Kate, you should see him without his shirt on. Oh, mynword, he has the most beautiful body I have ever seen, and he talksnromantic. He wants to take me on picnics and dances, and he doesn't wantnme to give myself to him. He wants to wait.\" Kate smiled, he was like Leopold. \"So how do you feel about that?\" \"I want to wait too. I am happy with the kissing believe me.\" \"So you are going to say yes?\" \"I want to say yes now, but I think I shouldn't be so anxious. Makenhim wait for an answer. Don't you think that is a good idea?\" \"I think so. I am so happy for you.\" Kate hugged her, \"Can we be friends again, Kate? I have hated thenlast few days when we haven't talked and you have been so cross with me. Innever meant for any of this to happen. You have to believe me. Mynfeelings for Master Leopold, were childish. I never ever thought he wouldnreally look at me in the way he did. I know I said I wanted him, but Indon't think I ever knew what I wanted. I just knew I didn't want anyonenlike Edgar or the Earl. I wanted someone to love me, and treat me the waynLeopold treated you. I never thought it could be Jack.\" \"It's okay. It doesn't matter.\" \"Yes, it does matter, because if it wasn't for me none of thisnwould've happened. I hear the staff talking. They think something isngoing on between me and Leopold. Like I sneak into the lab at night ornsomething. The first time I have seen him is this morning at the stables.nI was curious, yes. I wondered if he really had some feeling for me andnwhat it would be like, but I don't think I ever really thought it wouldnactually happen. And I shouldn't have behaved so childish in his presence.n You are my friend and you love him and he loves you, I know that. I neednto apologize for all the pain I have caused you both.\" \"I don't need an apology. I am sure everything will be fine.\" Butnshe still felt unsure. If this happened so suddenly, what's to say itnwouldn't happen again. Leopold wasn't as easy to understand as she hadnfirst thought. \"I know it will. Maybe I should go talk to him.\" \"No, no, no…I think that is not the best idea.\" \"But he might listen coming from a woman.\" \"Not you. No offense.\" \"I understand. He needs some time, that's probably all.\" Kate looked out the window where she could see the stables and sawnLeopold and Jack giving each other a hug, and pat on the back. Leopoldnlooked happy as he headed back towards the house. In fact their seemed tonbe a skip in his step. God, she hoped they could get over this hump! The carriages were loaded and ready for the trip to London. Margaretnand Millard would be in one carriage, Kate, Janet and Otis in the other.nOtis felt he should stay behind with Leopold, but Leopold insisted it wasnmuch more practical for him to go with them. He would manage. As they werengetting in the carriages, Jack arrived to say goodbye. It was awkward, innfront of the staff, but Jack wasn't about to let her go without a properngoodbye and before she stepped into the carriage he managed to pull herntowards the back where they were less visible and take her in his arms andnkiss her. Kate was already in the carriage and witnessed the event,nsmiling and thinking about Leopold. She looked out the window. No sign ofnhim whatsoever. He was obviously still brooding somewhere. There would benno goodbye. She didn't know how she would get through the day. When Janetngot into the carriage, she saw Kate's mood and then leaned out the carriagendoor, \"Jack\" she called. He came to the door, \"You miss me already.\" \"No, you silly old fool. You need to get Leopold. Kate needs to seenLeopold.\" \"I will see what I can do.\" \"You are a sweetheart.\" He gave her a quick kiss, told the driver to hold on a minute andnwent towards the house. Leopold was in the front room, looking out thenwindow at the carriage. \"You are coming out to say goodbye?\" \"I don't see much point.\" \"You are making a mistake. Come on, be a man and show this womannthat you care about her. Don't send her off on her own like this, notnknowing.\" He turned and faced Jack, \"I don't know what to say to her.\" \"Tell her you love her, and you will see her tomorrow. That will benenough, as long as you are sincere about it.\" Jack grabbed his arm and tugged on it. Leopold could remember beingnboys and Jack was the one always pushing him. He probably never would havenmade the first move on Millicent if it weren't for Jack. \"Alright,nalright. I am coming. You don't have to rip my arm out of its socket.\" Jack patted his back. \"That's the Leopold we know and love.\" They headed down the stairs toward the carriages, and Margaret lookednpleased seeing Leopold. He had shaven and looked like his old self oncenagain. He went to his aunt first, She took hold of his hand through thenopen window, and \"You will be alright on your own?\" \"Yes, I am a big boy now. And I am hardly on my own. There is anhouse full of servants. You have pleasant journey and I will see yountomorrow afternoon.\" He kissed her cheek and then nodded at Millard. Then headed over tonKate's carriage. He first addressed Janet, \"Don't worry about Jack, I willnkeep him in line.\" She smiled at him, and then he looked at Kate, \"We have a lot to talknabout.\" She nodded but was silent. He felt awkward in front, of Otis and Janet and Jack standing behindnhim. He then just opened the door and took her hand pulling her out of thencarriage, \"Leopold, let go of me, what are you doing?\" He took her by the hand and around to the back of the carriage,ntaking her face in his hands, \"I love you, Kate. I know I have a lot ofnexplaining to do, but I do love you.\" \"Then why are you staying behind?\" \"I need a little time, to sort through some things. I will be therentomorrow afternoon.\" He kissed her, and then let go, \"They're waiting younbetter go.\" He walked away back towards the steps of the house, Jacknhelped her into the carriage and she stared at Leopold as the carriagenpulled away. He was much more complex than she ever imagined. But the kissnhad been genuine, they could work through this. No they would work throughnthis and she felt better as they drove off down the road.[Chapter 25] Leopold spent the rest of the morning catching up on somencorrespondence, he was writing to his solicitor about the debt and wasnhoping he would get some answers. He had never questioned Millard keepingnhis study locked, but today, he felt the urge to have a look through thenbooks and records. But Millard had the only key, it frustrated him to nonend, and he even tried prying the door open, only to get strange looks fromnthe staff. He finally gave up. He wandered around the house aimlessly.nCook had to kick him out of the kitchen, because he was in the way, so henwent to the library but couldn't sit still long enough to actually readnanything. He was restless. He wanted to eat lunch with the staff, but Mrs.nCollins insisted on serving him alone in the dining room. Frustrated andnlonely he went to the pantry and grabbed a few ales and headed down to thenstable to see Jack. Jack wasn't surprised to see him, but was surprised when Leopoldnhanded him a bottle. It was the middle of the afternoon, and he still hadnstalls to muck out, and he needed to exercise a few of the horses. Not anwise decision to have a drink. \"I have a lot of work to do, Leopold. I shouldn't\" \"One drink won't hurt you. You are not going to allow me to drink onnmy own surely? When the Duke of Albany offers you a drink, you take it.\"nHe smiled in jest and Jack took it from him. \"That is an order?\" \"Precisely.\" \"You miss, Kate. You are a fool, Leopold, you should've gone withnthem.\" \"I needed this time alone.\" \"To do what? Have a drink with me, annoy Cook?\" \"What have you heard?\" \"Tom says you were in the kitchen half the morning, trying to helpnand then insisting on having lunch with the staff. Said Cook had to kicknyou out.\" \"It is my kitchen and I have a right to be there if I choose.\" \"Did you tell Cook that?\" \"No, actually, I couldn't bring myself to actually say the words, shenscowled at me and I really thought it best to heed to her advice andnleave.\" Jack laughed, \"She did kick you out.\" \"But I raided her pantry, much to her disapproval.\" They were quiet for awhile. Jack found it a bit odd sitting on a haynbale in the stable with Leopold having a drink. It was something they hadndone as lads, but it had abruptly ended when Leopold entered university andnhanging out with the staff was much looked down upon by his uncle. \"Have you thought about how you are going to make up this mess withnKate?\" \"I suppose a written letter wouldn't be sufficient.\" \"No.\" Jack said sharply. \"It has worked in the past. In New York I put my foot in my mouth onnone occasion and I sent her a formal apology, of course I did wine and dinenher. Gave her an incredibly romantic evening, one both of us are not likelynto forget.\" Leopold thought of that evening on the rooftop and hownbeautiful Kate had looked, the way they danced, the way they kissed. \"You are not likely to have any free time with her alone in London,nyour aunt will have her meeting everyone who is anyone there. You have gotnyour work cut out for you. Less than a week till the wedding, and younhave to reel her back in and quick.\" \"Pray tell, how did you do it with Janet?\" \"It just happened. I didn't plan anything. You know I have beennasking myself that question all morning. But whatever it was, it worked.nSorry I can't help you. I'll never understand women. One minute, Janetnwanted nothing to do with me and the next she is telling me I should havenkissed her ages ago. We weren't meant to understand them. But you knownthe romance angle helps. You'll think of something. And she will run tonyou with open arms, I have no doubt about that. Of course, she might givenyou a little grief on the way there.\" \"That is guaranteed and I deserve it. To tell you the truth, I wouldnhate it if we always saw eye to eye, if we never argued. Our relationshipnhas always had its share of conflictions, which isn't necessarily a badnthing. Makes the relationship a hell of a lot more interesting.\" \"I can see that.\" Jack finished his drink and stood up, \"Leopold, Inreally need to get some work done. Merlin and Guinevere have not beennexercised at all today, and I need to get cracking, before it gets dark.\" \"Perfect. I will take Merlin. We can ride out Old Howe Lane, I wantnto show you where I thought the perfect place to build your new home wouldnbe.\" Jack couldn't say no. Leopold was lonely and needed company, Jacknneeded to exercise two horses so it did make sense. \"Alright then, I'll get them ready.\" Like when they were boys, they raced down the road. It was alwaysnclose. Both of them were superb riders. The road was on the edge of thenwoods, that separated Balinor from Edgar's property and in their youth,nthey had dared each other to go into the woods. Edgar was known to benwaiting and it would become a chase. They would come out the other side,nlaughing hysterically because Edgar was not a match for either one of them.n They always had the fastest horse, and were the more experienced riders.nIt was their game of cat and mouse. When they reached the edge of thenwoods, Jack stopped, thinking he heard something. \"Jack, what's wrong?\" \"Thought I heard something. Which is odd, because I don't thinknanyone goes in these woods anymore. Remember Edgar would be waiting fornus.\" Leopold smiled remembering it fondly, \"I never understood why hencontinued that game. He never won, and we humiliated him every time.nThose were wonderful times. Let's have a run through.\" Jack was apprehensive, \"I don't think it's a good idea.\" \"You said for yourself, no one ever goes in there. Where is thatnsense of adventure, Jack? We have nothing to lose.\" Before waiting fornJack to answer, Leopold kicked Merlin and was off. Leaving Jack behind.nGuinevere was much slower, and he had a hard time getting her to pick upnspeed. As he headed through the woods, he saw Leopold in the distance.nAnd he looked around him, feeling a bit nervous. He wasn't sure why.nMaybe he expected Edgar to pop out. And now he knew what Edgar was capablenof he wouldn't want to meet him here at all. As these thoughts wentnthrough his head, he heard a shot, and Leopold, a fair ways ahead of him,ntoppled from his horse. Jack kicked Guinevere as hard as he could and gavenher a slap with his hand, rushing to Leopold's side. Merlin had run off,nand Leopold laid on the ground both hands gripping above his heart. Jacknimmediately thought the worst. He jumped from his horse and knelt downnbeside him, blood was seeping through Leopold's hands. Leopold looked upninto Jack's face, \"I've been shot.\" \"It's going to be alright.\" Jack tried to remain calm, \"Let me looknat the wound.\" It was obvious the pain he was in and when he took his hand away,nJack saw where the bullet had penetrated through his jacket, but it wasnhard to see where it had entered his body. \"I need to get your jacket and shirt off, I don't want you to move, Inam just going to rip your shirt open and then I can put some pressure onnthe wound to get it to stop bleeding.\" Jack used his knife to slice open the front of Leopold's shirt, andneven though it didn't look good, he was relieved to see the wound wasncloser to his shoulder. \"It's not that bad, if I can get the bleeding tonstop, I think I can get you back to the house.\" Jack managed to make a bandage out of Leopold's torn shirt andnwithout moving him too much got it wrapped around his shoulder and uppernarm. Leopold grimaced in pain, during the whole proceeding, gritting hisnteeth. \"The bleeding isn't as bad, lie still, I need to get Merlin.\" Jacknstarted to get up to fetch the horse and Leopold grabbed his arm with hisnfree hand. \"You think it was Edgar?\" \"I didn't see anyone, did you?\" \"No, I just can't imagine anyone else, here in these woods. It'snlike when we were children, only now the game has become extremelyndangerous. What does he want from me?\" \"Leopold, you need to lie still. We can talk about this later. Inneed to get you out of here, and back to the house, where a doctor can looknat you.\" As Jack got Merlin by the reigns he looked around him into thenthickening of the woods. Whoever had done this was long gone. And Jacknknew that Leopold's assumption was probably right. There was only onenperson who could be responsible. And now it seemed pretty obvious. Henwanted Leopold dead. He brought the horse over to where Leopold was, \"Do you think you cannmanage to sit up?\" With Jack's assistance, Leopold managed to sit up, feeling the painnjet through him again, he groaned and then he felt dizzy and started tonfall forward. \"Jack, I can't do it. You are going to have to go to the house andnget help.\" \"I am not leaving you here on your own. Somehow I am going to getnyou up on that horse.\" Leopold couldn't help but notice Jack's worried expression. \"Younthink someone is trying to kill me.\" \"That bullet was too close, Leopold. Whoever did this, wasn't aimingnfor your shoulder.\" Leopold managed to sit up again, and put his weight onto Jack tonstand, as he looked at the saddle, and the thought of trying to liftnhimself onto Merlin's back without the use of his left arm, it seemed nextnto impossible. But with determination, and Jack's help he managed, all thenway pain shooting through his shoulder. Once on the horse, he began tonfeel dizzy again and slumped forward. Jack thought he would fall off, butnsomehow Leopold regained his balance, and Jack quickly got on Guinevere andnled Merlin and Leopold out of the woods and back down the road towards thenhouse. The short distance seemed like forever, Jack continued to look back,nLeopold slumped on the horse, blood now seeping through the makeshiftnbandages. Leopold's eyes rolling in his head, his face pale. There was anstrong possibility he could lose consciousness. When he finally saw Balinornaround the corner he called out with all his might. Hoping someone wouldnhear him. Tom looked up from trimming a hedge, to see the two horsesnslowly making their way towards the house. He thought it odd, they werenwalking so slow. He knew Jack and his master well enough to know, theynbarely ever walked the horses. Then he noticed the slumped figure; Jacknwas leading the other horse. Leopold had been hurt. He ran towards themnas fast as he could, yelling at the top of his lungs so the other staffnmembers would hear him. When he finally reached them, Leopold had lostnconsciousness and was slipping off the horse, Tom (who was a fairly burlynman) managed to catch him, and Jack jumped off his horse to help him. Bynthis time, Mrs. Collins and Parker were running towards them. The othernmembers of staff standing on the front steps gasping. With Parker andnTom's help, they carried Leopold into the house. Mrs. Collins was crying,nand yelling at the girls at the same time, \"Maggie, Molly, I want you tonget clean sheets, and I want some boiled water and towels. Right away. Gonon, hurry.\" They ran off. And Tom, Parker and Jack carried Leopold up to hisnroom. Meanwhile the Mountbattens,Kate, Otis and Janet arrived in Londonnshortly after lunch. The townhouse in Kensington belonged to Millard andnMargaret, and was often used by Agnes when she was in town. Agnes hadnarrived the day before, along with her entourage of servants. And uponntheir arrival she had a full lunch prepared. There were already plans fornan afternoon tea with Lady somebody or other, and cocktails with some Countnand Countess and dinner with a cousin of Margaret's. Kate already feltntired just listening to Margaret rattle off the list of engagements. Shenwent to lie down before tea, and found herself thinking of Leopold. She wasnanxious to see him. She wanted to get things straightened out between themnas soon as possible. The image of him standing on the stairs of Balinornlingered on her mind, he looked very alone and distant. She wanted to seenhim smile again. She knew to well, he had so much on his mind. Shenimagined most members of royalty, didn't bother with what was going onnaround them and allowed others to take care of everything for them. Ofncourse, that is how Millard and everyone else wanted it. Don't bothernLeopold. But Leopold knew things were going on around him and was troublednby all of them. He just didn't know how to take care of them himself.nJanet came into the room, and finished unpacking, she was humming somenhappy little tune, and Kate smiled, \"Thinking of Jack, I take it.\" She blushed, \"Oh, Kate, I can't stop thinking about him.\" Kate sat up, \"Love will do that to you.\" All of a sudden Kate felt some anxiety come over her, and shencouldn't pin point it. Janet noticed the change in her expression, \"Isneverything alright? You look like you saw a ghost.\" \"This is weird. I mean, I feel something is wrong.\" \"Like what?\" \"Leopold.\" She tried to laugh it off, \"Oh, this is silly, now I amnacting like I have psychic powers. Which is utterly ridiculous.\" \"I knew someone once who always knew when her sister was in trouble.nThey were very close, and she would get premonitions, and they would turnnout to be true. It is possible.\" \"I don't believe in any of that.\" She still felt the anxiety and itnseemed to have to do with Leopold. She saw his face on the steps ofnBalinor and it only made it worse. She chose to ignore it. \"Do you feel upnto a walk in the park? I need some fresh air.\" \"Sounds brilliant.\" Kate turned to Janet, \"Why didn't Otis stay behind and come withnLeopold tomorrow? He is always with Leopold. It just seems strange.\" \"You wouldn't get Otis on a horse. Not now. Leopold rides like anmad man as well, so that doesn't help. So Otis is sent ahead withnLeopold's trunks, gets to ride in the comfort of a carriage, and whennLeopold arrives tomorrow, he will already be settled in. Leopold can spendna night alone, Kate. He is capable of looking after himself. Younshouldn't worry.\" \"I think I would feel better if Otis was there with him.\" \"I am sure he and Jack are having a right good time. They use to getnsloshed out in the stables. And go on midnight rides, acting like bansheesnscreaming and yelling and carrying on. Millard didn't have a clue.nLeopold would always be presentable the next morning, and when Millardnwould make comment about the noise, he would say it must be some villagenlads having a good time. And they played cat and mouse with Edgar in thenwoods. They were a sight, trespassing onto the Spencer's land, and Edgarnwould be waiting for them. Then they would high tale it out of the woodsnlike lightening. Edgar would be so mad. And they did it over and overnagain.\" Kate saw images of Leopold again and she closed her eyes, \"I need tonget out of here.\" \"Kate, are you sure you are alright?\" \"I'll be fine. I just want tomorrow to come. I want Leopold herenwith me.\" Jack had ridden into the village to fetch Dr. Townsend, while Mrs.nCollins and Lily watched over Leopold. He hadn't come to since they'dngotten him upstairs into his bed. Mrs. Collins managed to remove thenmakeshift bandage, and cleaned up the wound as best she could, rewrappingnit with strips of clean sheet. The bleeding seemed to have subsided, butnhis pulse was weak and there wasn't anything else to be done until thendoctor arrived. When he did, he asked Mrs. Collins and Lily to stay tonassist him, the bullet would have to be removed. Jack had never felt sonclose to tears, as he did now. And Mrs. Collins had to escort him out,nParker was standing outside the door, \"Parker, please get Jack a brandy, Inthink he could use one.\" \"No, I want to be in there with him.\" \"Jack, you have done everything you could already. Master Leopold wasnlucky to have had you there. Now go downstairs with Parker, we will letnyou know what is going on as soon as we can.\" Jack reluctantly left the room, turning back to Leopold lyingnhelpless on the bed. He should have stopped him. He had a bad feelingnabout those woods. And now he blamed himself for what had taken place. Jack pulled a chair up outside the room once he had his brandy. Mrs.nCollins had informed everyone to carry on with their duties, but Maggie andnMolly could hardly concentrate and were passing by the room every fewnminutes, asking if there was any news. When Mrs. Collins finally openednthe door, Jack stood up. She took hold of his hands, \"The Doctor removednthe bullet, and now we just have to wait.\" \"Wait for what? For him to die?\" Jack shouted. \"Jack, everything that could be done has been done. And there is anstrong possibility he will recover. The bullet was far enough away fromnhis heart; he has lost a lot of blood though. His body needs some time tondeal with the stress.\" \"Why isn't he awake? After it happened he was talking to me, justnlike normal.\" \"Could be shock to the system. We need to give him some time.\" \"I need to go to London, his uncle and aunt need to know. Kate needsnto know. He needs Kate here.\" \"Jack, I will not be sending you off to London, in your state. Andnfurthermore I would like to see what happens in the next few hours, therenis no need to alarm them right away.\" \"He could die. He could die alone. No, that won't happen!\" The doctor came out of the door, \"He is not going to die as far as Incan see, Jack. And Mrs. Collins is right; it is getting dark and not thenbest time to travel to London. Watch him overnight, and I will be herenfirst thing in the morning. You can inform Lord & Lady Spencer in thenmorning. Another thing, if and when he awakes, I do not want him to evenncontemplate getting out of bed. I have stitched the wound, but withnunnecessary movement, it could reopen, which would not be a good thing. Inam leaving him in good hands. And if anything occurs during the night, younknow where to reach me.\" He then left. Jack went into the bedroom and sat by his bed, Lily was cleaning up.nThere was blood everywhere. She put her hand on Jack's shoulder, \"You mightnbe best getting on with your duties.\" \"I don't give a shit about my duties. I am not budging from herenuntil he wakes up.\" \"I am sorry, Jack.\" \"Do you even care what happens to him? He is my friend.\" Mrs. Collins overheard him, \"Jack, there is no need to talk to Lillynthat way. Of course she care what happens to him. We all do. But you cannbe of no use here. You are better off in the stables, tending to thenhorses.\" \"I think I know where I would be better, and that is here, beside mynfriend. You can get on with your duties. Leave me be.\" Mrs. Collins motioned for Lily to go with her, \"Alright. I will havenMolly bring you your dinner.\" \"I don't think I could eat a thing.\" \"I will have her bring it up anyway.\" They left him and he put his head in his hands and cried. Hencouldn't believe this was happening. It was nearly 9, Jack had dosed in the chair after picking at hisndinner, he looked over at Leopold and noticed some stirring, he went closernto the bed, \"Leopold.\" There was movement and his eyelids flickered thennslowly opened, when he moved he felt the pain, and gasped. He saw Jack, anbit blurry but he knew it was Jack. \"Jack. I really thought this was just a bad dream. But obviously Inwas mistaken.\" Just the few words spoken, left him exhausted. The painnwas excruciating. \"Oh, my god, you don't know how relieved I am to see you awake.\"nJack was smiling. \"There is hardly anything to smile at, as far as I'm concerned.\" Hentried to get more comfortable. \"The doctor said you are not to have any unnecessary movement. Thenwound could open up again. You lost a lot of blood and it's left you weak.nYou just need to rest and lie still.\" \"I have to be in London tomorrow.\" \"Not hardly. I plan on riding in tomorrow to inform your family ofnthe accident. You are staying put.\" \"You'll do no such thing. If you ride into London tomorrow, I ridenwith you.' He laughed, \"Like Mrs. Collins would let that happen. Leopold, yournhealth is the most important thing right now. Who cares about societynparties, and audiences with the queen? You have to be well for Kate nextnSaturday. You are going to be walking down the aisle, and the only waynthat will happen is if you get your rest now and let the wound heal.\" \"If society parties were all I was concerned about, I would listen tonthe doctor's advise and take heed, but I have business in London as well, Inplan to get to the bottom of this financial problem my family has foundnthemselves in.\" \"It can wait.\" \"It can't. Especially now. If someone is trying to kill me, thennext time I might not be so lucky. I need to take care of this matter; Inwill not leave them penniless. I know Edgar is at the bottom of this. Indon't know to what capacity, but I just feel it. I can find some answers innLondon. And then there is Kate. There won't be a wedding if I don't sortnout things with Kate.\" \"This will change everything.\" \"On the surface, momentarily, yes, maybe. But without anything beingnsaid, it will still be festering under the surface, and I can't leave itnlike that. I will be fine in the morning. You will accompany me to London.n And you won't mention a word to Mrs. Collins or anyone else in thisnhousehold about it. They will know soon enough. And then it will be toonlate to stop us.\" Mrs. Collins peered around the door, \"I thought I heard voices. Oh,nMaster Leopold.\" She was overjoyed seeing him awake and she started toncry. She went over to him and took hold of his hand, \"You mustn't talk. Inwill have Cook make you some soup, and I will make sure Jack doesn't bothernyou any further. We don't need you to get worked up over things. It isnnot a good for you.\" \"I want Jack to stay, Mrs. Collins. And the only thing I reallynfancy is a brandy.\" \"But, sir, you need to get your strength back. Something withnsubstance.\" \"Alright, I will have soup with my brandy then.\" She stood therenlooking at him, \"I would like it now, Mrs. Collins. That isn't any troublenis it?\" \"No, sir, of course not.\" She left the room and Jack laughed, \"She isn't use to you makingndemands.\" \"I am so tired of everyone believing they know what's right for me.\"nJack saw the pain in Leopold's face, and he knew he should really leave. \"I should go. You do need your rest.\" \"Now you are doing it.\" \"Leopold, you have been shot, you have lost a lot of blood, and younwere unconscious for nearly 5hours. Anyone in your shoes, royalty or notnwould need rest. So I will leave you.\" \"I might need your assistance in getting dressed in the morning.\" \"I don't know, Leopold, I really think you riding to London is a badnidea. Why don't you just wait and see how you feel in the morning.\" \"I already know how I will feel. I need to see Kate.\" \"Wouldn't it just be easier, if I go to London and bring her back?\" \"You heard Mrs. Collins, it's not good for me to be agitated. Andnthat is precisely what you are doing, Jack. I will see you in the morning.\" As Jack walked away he turned to look at Leopold. He was putting up angood front. He could tell he was in a lot of pain, and here he was talkingnabout riding into London. Jack didn't see it happening. Hopefully Leopoldnwould see some sense in the morning. In London, they left Margaret's cousin's house at 10pm, Aunt Agnes,nhad been watching Kate all evening and was concerned with her demeanor.nAnd when their carriage dropped them off at the townhouse, Agnes managed tontalk to Kate on her own before she headed into the house, \"I am concernednabout you Kate, you don't look well. I suppose my pig headed great nephewnis to blame. Margaret told me he is working on some cockamamie invention,nand I for one do not believe it. I was really hoping that living under thensame roof with Millard for so long, would not rub off on him in any way.nBut obviously it has. When he arrives tomorrow he will get an earful fromnme. He was always the sensible one in this family. I will not allow thatnto change. And Margaret really thinking I would buy that story about theninvention. I am sure this involves another woman, and I know my greatnnephew. He is no fool, he would never jeopardize his relationship withnyou.\" Kate smiled, she really loved this woman. \"I think I know that.nThat's not bothering me. I have felt uneasy all night. And I can'tnpinpoint it, except that is has something to do with Leopold and it's notngood. I know how silly this sounds. But I can't get it out of my mind.\" \"This is pre-wedding jitters and I am sure Leopold's behaviornrecently hasn't helped matters. You need to get a good night sleep. I amnsure Leopold is fine. And it's not a bad thing having time away from him.nHe will be at Balinor right now, missing you, wondering what you are doing.n And you will tell him about the wonderful men who you have had thenpleasure to meet while he was not here. Give him a taste of his ownnmedicine, my girl.\" \"I didn't meet any wonderful men.\" \"Make it up, he will never know. Come now, you must get some rest.\" Kate took a deep sigh and walked into the house, wondering whatnLeopold was doing, and if he was all right. She had a feeling she wasn'tngoing to be getting much sleep tonight. The morning came and Jack snuck in through the front of the house, sonMrs. Collins wouldn't question him. He rapped on Leopold's door and heardna faint \"Come in.\" Leopold had managed to sit up in bed, but he was in no shape to benriding into London. He could hardly sit up straight, due to the pain innhis shoulder. His left arm and shoulder had been wrapped tightly againstnhis chest, to prevent from any unnecessary movement. And Jack couldn'tnimagine him riding a horse in this condition. \"Did you sleep well?\" \"No, but that doesn't matter. You are not going to talk me out ofnthis.\" \"I realize that.\" \"Good, now help me out of this bandage, I won't be able to put on anshirt otherwise.\" \"I think that is the whole point. The doctor said stay in bed, don'tnmove. He knows you to well, that bandage main purpose is to restrict younfrom doing anything foolish. I am not going to be responsible for younbleeding to death on the way to London, because your stitches have burst.\" \"Once I get my clothes on, we will make a sling. It will do the samentrick, and I won't use it to ride. I only need one hand. I promise you Inwill be careful.\" \"I have heard that one before. You know how much trouble I am goingnto be in, going along with this scheme of yours?\" \"It is not a scheme. You are accompanying me to London, for mynsafety. I will keep Mordrid at a safe trot, the whole way.\" \"Mordrid doesn't know what a safe trot is. You should be riding,nyour aunt's pony. And even that timid thing isn't safe in your condition.\" \"We can sit here all morning and bicker, and it will get us nowhere.nOr you can help me get dressed so we can be on our way. We are wastingntime. And Jack, look on the bright side, in a few hours you will seenJanet. There will be very little for you to do, and you can begin yourncourtship. Walks through Hyde Park, Moonlight strolls along the Thames. Incan't think of a better way to start your relationship out on the rightnfoot.\" Jack couldn't help but conjure the picture in his head. He wasnalways so busy at Balinor; it would be difficult for him to find time toncourt Janet in the way he felt was proper. It sounded ideal. Janet wouldnlove it; she would feel like a real lady, not some country girl hanging outnwith the stable boy. What the hell. He would do it. He went to Leopold'snside and began to unwrap the bandage. Once it was off, Leopold insisted onnseeing it in a mirror. The incision was probably a good 3 or 4\" from thenshoulder blade down below the collarbone, it was not a pretty sight, andnthere was a lot of dried blood around the thread from the stitches. Jacknfound a clean sheet to bandage the wound, before putting his shirt on.nOnce Leopold had a shirt on , it was much more difficult to get a jacketnon. So they made a sling and draped the jacket over his shoulders. Jackneven had to put his trousers and boots on, \"How the hell are you going to get through your wedding night in thisncondition?\" \"That is a wonderful thought, Jack\" \"Well, I am being realistic. You won't even be able to undo herndress, or hold her in your arms\" \"I am sure we will manage, and that isn't any concern of yours.\"nLeopold was blushing. \"Kate seems like a pretty resourceful young woman, she is bound tonhave some alternative ideas, so the night won't be a waste.\" Jack wasnsmiling, as he teased him. \"Are you finished?\" \"Ah, come on, Leopold lighten up.\" \"You sound like, Kate.\" \"I wouldn't worry about it. She wants to be with you.\" Leopold felt a bit uncomfortable talking about this and just wantednto go, \"You have the horses ready?\" \"Efficient, that is one thing that I am. Question, I have nothingnthat would be suitable for me to wear in London. This attire is hardlynappropriate for the city.\" Leopold had a look at him, \"I am afraid you are correct on thatnmatter. You will have to wear something of mine, until we can buy you ansuit of your own in the city. Go ahead and get something out of thenwardrobe.\" Jack had a look through, and passed on all the regal looking brocadednwaistcoats. These were clothes for a Duke, not for a groomsman. \"I think Inwill stick to my own gear.\" \"Nonsense, at the very back of the wardrobe, brown trousers, plainnwaistcoat, and shirt, black tie and brown jacket.\" He found it and brought it out, \"You have never worn this.\" \"Bought it in New York, it is all the rage or so I am told. It willnsuit you, much better than I.\" As they made their way down the staircase to the front door, Leopoldnleaned against the railing; he was still very weak and dizzy. Jack lookednback at him and shook his head. This was absolutely crazy, and why had henlet Leopold talk him into it. But Leopold refused to let the injury holdnhim back and didn't complain. As they opened the front door, they ran intonMaggie, who gasped when she saw Leopold up. He pointed his finger at her, and managed a smile, \"You can tell Mrs.nCollins, Jack and I have gone to London and we will see her a few daysntime.\" \"But, your grace, you aren't supposed to be out of bed.\" \"As you can see I am out of bed, Maggie and I will be fine.\" \"I better go fetch, Mrs. Collins.\" \"No, you can tell her once we have left.\" \"But, your grace, she won't like it.\" \"I don't care what she won't like, now run a long I wouldn't want younto get reprimanded for not attending to your duties.\" \"But the doctor is coming this morning.\" Maggie, being the youngest member of the household, was always tryingnto do the right thing, but never seemed to get anything right. \"Please, tell the doctor, I am sorry I missed him.\" Jack gave Leopold a nudge, \"We better go.\" Tom was down at the stables waiting. Jack had to tell him sincensomeone would have to mind the horses while he was away. He helped Leopoldnget on Mordrid, and when Leopold looked down at him, he saw concern in hisnface. \"You might as well tell me what you are thinking as well, everyonenelse in this household has.\" \"I just want to say be careful, your grace. It is a long journey intonLondon, and with your injury, it is bound to make the trip a bit morendifficult. I know you are in good hands, Jack is a good man. He won't letnanything happen to you.\" As Jack mounted Merlin, he thought about allowing Leopold to rideninto the woods. He had allowed something to happen to Leopold, god, henhoped they would make it to London in one piece. Before they set off Jack turned to Leopold, \"I have some rules.\" Leopold looked surprised. \"I don't want to see you galloping, you will keep Mordrid at a steadyntrot. It might take us longer to get there, but I don't care. You willnride by my side, not in front not in back, so I can see you at all times.nWe will take frequent stops so you can rest as well.\" Leopold glared at him, \"Anything else.\" \"I think that about covers it.\" \"Right, lead on.\" Jack was amazed he had spoken like that to Leopold, but he felt itnnecessary. He was concerned not only for Leopold's health, but also whatnif the incident occurred again. What if Edgar or whoever, was keeping anneye on Leopold. Anything could happen, and he was going to take everynprecaution to protect Leopold and himself. \"[Chapter 26] This had to have been the longest ride in Jack and Leopold's life.nLeopold didn't complain, but every time Jack looked at him, he wasngrimacing in pain or he was breathing heavy. The journey was taking itsntoll on him, and it was obvious from his pale and clammy skin. It was anbeautiful spring day and the sun beat down on them, Jack managed to find anshady spot to rest, but Leopold refused to get off the horse, \"If I get off, I'll never get back on, and you won't be able to liftnme on your own.\" \"What did I tell you, this was a stupid idea. Why are we doing this?n You aren't going to make it to London. You are getting worse with everynmile.\" \"Granted, I am in a hell of a lot of pain, but that's all it is…pain.nI can deal with it. Once we are in London, I will be able to rest.\" \"You should be resting at Balinor. You know if anything happens tonyou I will be to blame.\" \"This is my doing. You are just my accomplice and nothing is goingnto happen to me. Stop being so paranoid. We will be in London in a fewnhours.\" Jack watched as Leopold cringed again in pain, and he took a bottlenout of his saddlebag, \"This should help. The doctor left it for you tontake if the pain was bad.\" Jack tried to hand it to him and he pushed it away with his freenhand, \"I definitely won't make it to London, if I take that. That isnmorphine, Jack and I wouldn't know my hand from my foot on that concoction,nlet alone be able to point my horse in the direction of London. Granted,nit does take the pain away momentarily. So I either take the morphine fornthe pain and forget about making it to London anytime today, or we carrynon. I am for carrying on.\" Jack put his head in his hand, he had no solution and his worry grewnevery minute. \"I know you are worried about me, but the sooner we get to London,nthe sooner your mind will be put at ease.\" \"And what is to say you will rest in London, you seem hell bent onnthis whole Edgar business. Why can't you forget about that for now? Givenyourself some time to recuperate.\" \"If you were shot on Edgar Spencer's property, would you be able tonforget about it? He could come after Kate or any other member of mynfamily; I have to get to the bottom of this now, before some other dreadfulnthing happens. You know what he's like Jack.\" Jack couldn't argue, he knew probably more what he was like thannLeopold. And he had rapped Janet. Something Leopold knew nothing about.n\"Right then, we should get a move on.\" He passed Leopold a flask of water,nand Leopold took a drink, after he handed it back to Jack, Jack poured someninto a handkerchief and handed it back to him, \"For your face, might makenyou feel a bit better.\" Leopold took and wiped his brow, then took hold of the reigns, \"I'mnready.\" They headed out on the road, making their way towards London. Kate was restless all day; she was told Leopold would probably benthere by lunch, but lunch passed and no sign of him. Teatime passed and nonsign of him. Finally Aunt Agnes talked her into a walk in Hyde Park. Hernwaiting at the front window was doing her no good. \"I really should stay, he could be here at anytime. I want to be herenwhen he gets here.\" \"Dear child, you waiting at the window is a sure sign he won't benhere at any moment. It is a beautiful day and you are going to accompanynme in the park. I hear the flowers are splendid, at this time of year.nAnd I always love to see the children floating the boats across the boatingnlake. I use to take Philip and Millard there when they were small.nPhilip's boat would always be the fastest, Millard's quite often sunk andnhe would cry. Of course then Philip would be obliged to give his tonMillard, and Millard would manage to sink that one as well.\" She wasntrying to get Kate's mind off Leopold and she managed a smile. \"I guess a short walk would be okay.\" \"Lovely.\" It was close to 5pm when they left the house in Kensington for theirnwalk. It was a lovely time of the day, just turning dusk. There was stillna good hour and a half till the sunset. Kate hoped that on their returnnLeopold would be sitting in the front room waiting for her and that imagenkept her spirits up as they headed down the street towards the park. The last hours ride had been horrendous, Leopold was exhausted andnweak, and Jack had taken the reigns and led Mordred the last few milesninto London. They must have been quite a sight. Jack was a wreck; he justnwanted to get there. Leopold kept drifting and a couple of times Jacknthought he would fall off the horse. He wondered if any more blood hadnbeen lost. With Leopold's jacket draped over his shoulder, his sling wasnnot visible, and he wasn't about to stop now. They were so close. Jack wasnrelieved as they turned a corner on the high street and he saw the row ofntownhouses, one of them belonging to the Mountbattens. He turned tonLeopold. \"Leopold, hold on for just a few minutes more, please.\" \"I'm fine.\" But he wasn't. They pulled up in front of the house.nJack got off Merlin, tying him to a post, and doing the same for Mordred.nOtis had seen them pull up and when he stepped out onto the street, wasnshocked by his master's appearance, \"What in god's name has happened?\" \"I will fill you as soon as we get him up to bed.\" Leopold slipped his right leg over the saddle, and managed to get offnthe horse, but once his feet hit the ground, he started to collapse; Jacknand Otis held him up on either side. \"Kate, where's Kate?\" Leopold mumbled. \"She's gone for a walk, sir.\" \"Alone? I don't want her to be alone.\" \"With Lady Mountbatten. I am sure she won't be long. We need to getnyou up to bed, sir.\" Jack was relieved to have Otis there. He knew Leopold would listennto Otis. \"Right, bed. Sounds good.\" Janet had heard the commotion and was at the door as they walked upnthe stairs, \"Oh, my god. Jack, what happened?\" \"Later.\" Leopold's jacket had fallen off and she saw the blood soaked sling,n\"He's bleeding, Jack.\" \"What?\" Jack looked over and saw the blood, and freaked. \"Janet get me somenclean sheets or something, something to clean him up. I should've checkednhim earlier, I knew this would happen. I think his stitches have torn.nThis is not good.\" They got him upstairs. And with Otis' help they took off his shirt,nand undid the blood soaked bandages. Janet stood behind them holdingnsheets and a bowl of water, \"I can do it if you like, I had some trainingnin first aid, at college,\" Jack looked at her, she looked so sweet and innocent standing there,nwanting to help. But all he could think about was her reaction to him bare-nchested, he did not want her in here with Leopold half naked and hensnapped, \"You get out. Otis and I have the situation under control.\" \"I only want to help. Why are you being so cruel?\" she started toncry, and Leopold still coherent but barely, grabbed Jack by the arm \"Is that anyway to treat your fiancé?\" Jack turned to her, taking the items from her hands and setting themndown next to the bed, and Otis began to clean Leopold's wound. He gave her a hug, \"Look, it's been quite a day, I shouldn't havensnapped. You should go wait for Kate. This is going to be quite a shock fornher.\" He held on to her, feeling helpless and wished they were reunitednunder different circumstances. Janet knew he wasn't himself, and sensednhis concern and anxiety, she wished she could make this all go away for allnof their sakes. \"Is he going to be alright?\" \"God, I hope so.\" He kissed her forehead, and she managed a smile, she looked over atnLeopold, and the smile disappeared. He looked horrible. Kate would bendevastated. She left the room. Jack assisted Otis. The stitches had torn a bit, but it didn't seemntoo bad. They dressed the wound and Otis found a pillow and propped itnunder his shoulder and arm, Jack remembering the medicine in his bag,nfetched it and Leopold was pretty adamant about not taking it. \"I am in bed, I am resting. I am fine.\" \"I wish you would stop saying that.\" He looked at Otis, \"Does henlook fine to you, Otis?\" \"Far from it. Maybe I should fetch the doctor.\" \"No doctors.\" The discomfort was obvious every time he made an effort tonspeak. Otis held up the bottle of morphine, \"This can only help, sir, I wouldnstrongly advise you take it.\" \"It will knock me out, what good will I be then?\" \"What good are you now, sir? Rest is what you need.\" Jack smiled. Leopold wouldn't argue with Otis. Defeated, he took a swig of the bottle with Otis's help. \"Now are you both happy.\" \"I am afraid, sir, I won't be happy till I see some improvement. AndnI for one will stand guard by this door and will not allow you out of thisnbed, until I see it.\" Leopold felt himself drifting again, and began to relax, \"I am innsafe hands, I can see that. I want to be woken when Kate arrives, is thatnclear?\" Otis didn't need to answer, because Leopold was asleep in a matternof seconds. Jack sat down and let out a sigh, \"I could've used you yesterday. Henwould never have come to London if you would have been at Balinor. Henlistens to you.\" \"You should go down to the kitchen and have the cook fix younsomething. You don't look much better than he does.\" \"You'll stay with him?\" \"That's my job. Of course, I will.\" \"I should never have let him talk me into this trip. It's only madenthings worse.\" \"Don't be to hard on yourself, Jack. Master Leopold is as stubbornnas they come. When he sets his mind on something, there is no talking himnout of it. I for one am glad you were with him. If you would have declinednon the journey, he would have done it on his own, and I can only see thatnwould have come to a grave ending.\" \"I am sure you are curious about what happened?\" \"There's plenty of time for that. You go downstairs and sit with yournyoung lady for a while, get some food in you. There is nothing any of usncan do right now. He is getting the rest he needs and that is what isnimportant.\" \"I suppose I need to go speak to his uncle and aunt.\" \"They've gone out for cocktails, Kate stayed behind to wait fornLeopold.\" \"Ah, Kate. That one is going to be difficult.\" Jack looked over atnLeopold lying still on the bed, and was glad Otis would now be able to keepnhim still, long enough to recover, how long that would be, was hard to say? Kate and Agnes were walking back from the park and the sun had justngone down. Kate was happy. They had had a wonderful talk, and the freshnair had done her wonders. She decided she loved London, in just the shortntime she had been here. Hyde Park was similar to Central Park, andnwatching children play and people out for strolls had made her think of NewnYork. She missed it, but she still had no regrets in her decision. Thisnwas worth it. She looked at her surroundings, the buildings, tree-linednstreets, carriages lining the streets…then she saw Mordred, Leopold's horsentied up in front of the house. She picked up her skirt and ran towards thenhouse. Leopold was here. Agnes smiled at her future great niecesnenthusiasm. To be young and in love, was such a wonderful thing. Kate couldn't help but notice, Merlin tied next to Mordred, andnwondered who had accompanied him on his trip. Maybe Jack. That would havenbeen just like Leopold, to ask Jack to join him, so he could spend somentime with Janet away from the stables. Janet would be so pleased. She skipped up the stairs, and as she entered the house she callednout his name, \"Leopold.\" She looked in the front room and he wasn't there, in fact no onenseemed to be around. She climbed up the stairs, and called his name again. Jack sat in the kitchen having something to eat; Janet sat acrossnfrom him listening to what had happened. She couldn't believe it. \"You really think it was Edgar?\" \"Or one of his hired help. That crazy groundskeeper of his is an possibility. I don't know, Janet. It all happened so fast. And now Leopold is determined to getnto the bottom of it and to sort out the financial difficulties. It's anright mess. I should never have let him go into those woods. I had a badnfeeling about it.\" \"You couldn't stop him. He has a mind of his own, and he rides like a madnman half the time. It isn't your fault and I am sure Leopold does notnblame you.\" Jack hadn't heard the front door open at first, but then he heard Kate'snvoice and he and Janet exchanged glances. He stood up, and Janet took hisnhand and squeezed it lovingly. \"Kate. Kate's back. I have to go see her.\" He kissed Janet's cheeknand then raced out of the room, but realized he was too late; she wasnalready headed up the stairs. Kate swung open Leopold's door, she saw Otis first sitting in a chairnreading a book, he looked up solemnly and then stood, moving towards her.nShe saw what he was trying to hide from her, Leopold lying still in bed.nHis left arm lying at a funny angle, bandages on the left shoulder, on thenfloor Leopold's blooksoaked shirt. She gasped, and felt faint; Otis caughtnher \"Miss Katherine, it's alright. He is just resting, I gave him somenmedication. You need to talk to Jack, he can explain what has happened.\"nHe started to walk her to the door, and Jack appeared. He took her off Otis' hands, holding her up, \"You need to sit down.\" She turned back around to look at Leopold, \"I should stay with him.nJack, what's happened? He looks so pale.\" \"Come downstairs, I'll explain everything.\" \"No, I want to stay here with him.\" \"He'll be out for hours, you will do him no good here. He needs hisnrest.\" She tried pulling away from Jack but it was no use, and she finallynstopped struggling and collapsed in his arms. He held her tight strokingnher hair, comforting her. Not knowing what to say, but felt he was doingnsome good just being there for her. He took her downstairs and into thenfront room joining Janet and Aunt Agnes. She sat next to Agnes and looked across at Jack and Janet waiting fornan explanation. And some kind of strength came over her. She took a deepnbreath and held back the tears. \"Are you going to tell me what happened? Leopold is lying in a bednupstairs, with some kind of injury, practically comatose. I want to knowneverything. Don't you even think of keeping things from me.\" Agnes put her hand on Kate's knee, patting it, \"You need to calm downndear. I am sure Jack will tell us the whole story.\" \"There was an accident yesterday in the woods, near the Old HowenRoad.\" Kate didn't have any idea where that even was and looked confused,n\"Is that supposed to mean something to me?\" Janet budded in, \"I told you, Kate, about Jack and Leopold racingnthrough the woods when they were boys. Edgar use to chase them.\" \"Those woods are on Edgar's property, right?\" They nodded. \"What kind of accident, did he fall off his horse, what?\" \"He was shot.\" \"Shot? With a gun?\" \"I am afraid so.\" \"Oh, my god. This isn't just some accident. This is serious. You'renholding back on me, Jack. Who shot him?\" \"We don't know. It was more than likely just an unfortunate accident,nprobably Lord Spencer's groundskeeper. They are a funny lot aboutntrespassers.\" \"I don't buy it. It was Edgar wasn't it?\" \"Like I said, we don't know. It happened so fast. I managed to getnhim back to the house, but he had lost a lot of blood and slipped intonunconsciousness. The doctor removed the bullet and stitched him up, thendamage is minimal, just some damaged muscle tissue and basically that isnit.\" \"No, wait a second, that isn't it. Somehow you managed to get him tonLondon on horseback, which has to have been the stupidest thing you've everndone. Don't you have any idea how dangerous that could have been? What amnI saying, the ride made him worse didn't it, Jack? That is why he's lyingnin bed right now on pain killers.\" She had raised her voice, and was angrynwith him. Agnes spoke up, \"Was it your idea to come to London, Jack?\" \"Of course not, do you take me for a fool. All I wanted him to donwas stay in bed, but he insisted. What choice did I have? I am not Otis;nhe doesn't listen to my advice. I am sorry Kate. If I could've kept him atnBalinor, I would've. Look, I feel bad enough as it is.\" Agnes stood up, \"The important thing is that he is here and he isngetting the rest he needs to recover. Jack, you did what you could. Wenall know how stubborn Leopold can be. Kate, Jack is not to blame for thisnunfortunate incident.\" The door opened and Millard and Margaret walked in, \"What unfortunatenincident are we referring to, Aunt Agnes.\" They all looked at each other,nand then Millard realized Jack was in the room, \"Jack, what are you doingnhere? I saw Leopold's horses out front,\" he looked around the roomnnoticing he was not present, \"I assume he is on the premises somewhere, butnI don't understand his reasoning bringing you along.\" Agnes went over to her nephew and put her hand on his shoulder,n\"Leopold is upstairs, sleeping.\" \"Leopold sleeping at this hour? Isn't it a bit early? It must havenbeen an exhausting journey for you both.\" Margaret could tell by Agnes'nexpression, the unfortunate incident had something to do with Leopold. \"What has happened to Leopold?\" She looked at Jack, noticed blood onnhis sleeve of his jacket. Millard seemed confused. \"He has been shot..\" Agnes replied Margaret put her hand over her mouth, \"Oh, my god, I must see him.nIs he going to be alright? Has he seen a doctor? How could this havenhappened?\" Millard comforted his wife, putting his arms around her, and thennaddressed Jack, \"Did this happen today, on your journey here?\" \"No, my lord, yesterday.\" \"What? And you brought him here?\" Agnes saw Jack's expression and she looked at Millard, \"That was yournnephew's idea, not Jack's.\" Jack had had enough, \"I really need some fresh air, I think I will gonsee to the horses, and get them settled in the yard. Lady Mountbatten andnMiss Katherine can fill you in on Master Leopold's condition, excuse me.\"nAs he started to walk out Millard called his name. \"Jack, no one has excused you.\" Agnes put her hand on his shoulder, \"Let him go, Millard, he has beennthrough enough in the past two days.\" Kate too had had enough, \"Jack, you are excused. And I am trulynsorry I was rough on you earlier. Aunt Agnes is right, you have beennthrough enough. I am grateful you were with him today. I don't want tonhear anymore about this right now. You are so concerned about what hasnhappened, Lord Mountbatten, but you haven't even asked how Leopold is.\" \"I will go see for myself.\" As he turned to go upstairs, she stoppednhim. \"No, you won't. As Leopold's fiancé, I don't want him disturbed thisnevening, by anyone.\" \"I beg your pardon, Miss McKay.\" Millard was furious. Janet was shocked by Kate's statement, and could see tension in thenair. \"He needs his rest, and I have been informed that he probably won'tneven wake up till morning. Otis is with him now, if he needs anynassistance. You can see him in the morning.\" Jack had not yet made it to the door, and turned around smiling atnKate. He was proud of her for standing up to Millard. \"How dare you speak to me that way, Miss McKay? This is my home andnLeopold is my nephew. You on the other hand are just a guest, and are notnyet family. I have every right to check on my nephew's condition.\" \"Not tonight. Excuse me.\" She walked out of the room and up thenstairs. Margaret had to hold Millard back, \"She is right, he is in good handsnand we will see him in the morning once he has had a good night's rest.\" \"I don't like her demeanor one bit.\" \"She is thinking of Leopold, Millard. She is doing what any rightnminded fiancé or wife would do in the situation. Did you even think fornone minute how this is affecting her? She loves Leopold with all hernheart, what if something were to happen to him?\" Millard didn't want to think of that, for when he did, he only sawnEdgar's face. Now more than ever Millard felt he hadn't protected Leopoldnas he should've. Something needed to be done. But first, getting Leopoldnwell was a priority. Other business would have to be put on hold. Kate contemplated going to Leopold, but listened to her own advice,nlet him rest. She entered her room and fell down on the bed, burying hernhead in a pillow, and began to cry. This scared her. It wasn't like therenwere efficient doctors with efficient methods in this time. Everything wasna risk. Infection was a possibility. Her mind swarmed with variousnscenarios, and it sickened her. Everything that had transpired within thenlast few days seemed unimportant and meaningless now. She could hardlynremember the reason they hadn't spoken, but they hadn't spoken. And thatnbothered her as well, if something happened…nothing would have beennresolved, and she couldn't live like that. Janet entered the room, \"Kate, is there anything I can get for you?\" \"No, god, I feel so helpless.\" \"Go to him. It might make you feel like you are doing something.\" \"But he won't know I am there.\" \"He might know. If it were Jack, I wouldn't leave his side.\" \"I told Lord Mountbatten he couldn't see him. What kind of person amnI? What right do I have? Of course they are worried about him.\" \"Leopold doesn't need to see his uncle. On the other hand, if he werento wake and you were by his side, you would be the best kind of medicine.\" \"You are a hopeless romantic, Janet.\" \"Nothing wrong with that. So what are you going to do?\" She went to the wardrobe and took out her nightdress, \"Get ready fornbed.\" \"And…\" \"Go to Leopold.\" Kate smiled. Janet smiled back. Kate quietly opened the door and Otis smiled up at her, \"I thoughtnyou might be back, Miss Katherine. I could use a break, if you don't mindnwatching over him for awhile.\" \"I would be glad to. How's he doing?\" She walked over to the bed, and noticed how peaceful he looked. \"Notna peep out of him, miss. I really think he's out for the night.\" \"That's good. He needs his rest. I just wanted to sit with him. \" \"Of course, that's understandable. I am just going down to thenkitchen to get a cup of tea, can I get you anything?\" \"No, I am fine. Everything I need is right here.\" Otis smiled at her, and left the room. Kate pulled up a chair,ngetting it as close to the bed as possible. She sat in the chair, with hernlegs up on the seat, both of them tucked up under her nightdress and bothnarms wrapped around her legs. Not a way any 19th century lady would sit,nbut it was comfortable for her. His face looked peaceful and serene, butnpale and pasty, but his body position, looked awkward, and she wanted tonmove him to make him more comfortable. His left arm bent away from hisnbody, like a rag dolls. His other hand rested above the covers on his leg.n She leaned over and placed her hand on top of his. His skin clammy to thentouch, but it gave her some satisfaction that she was there. She didn'tnknow how long she had been sitting there, but she started to doze off, thennshe snapped out of it when she felt a squeeze on her hand. She looked downnat the bed and saw Leopold had taken hold of her hand. She looked up at hisnface, and saw a faint smile, eyes droopy, \"Ah, Kate.\" It was the sweetestnthing. She took her free hand and placed it over his lips, \"Schhh. You neednto save all your strength. I didn't mean to disturb you, you really need tongo back to sleep.\" \"I just want to look at you for awhile. You look beautiful.\" \"You look awful.\" \"Thank-you. Nothing but the best for my future wife. I did make anneffort.\" It was nice to hear him joke, \"We need to talk\" he then looked serious. \"Not tonight. You have talked enough. I want you to close your eyes,ngo back to sleep.\" \"Kate, what I have to say…\" She put her finger to his mouth again, \"There is plenty time fornthat. Can I get you anything, a drink?\" She saw the bottle of morphine bynhis bed, \"Is the pain horrible, maybe you need some more medicine?\" \"The pain has subsided immensely since you walked into the room, younare the only medicine I require.\" \"Will you be quiet now?\" \"Will you stay?\" \"Till you fall asleep, yes.\" \"No, will you stay with me all night.\" \"Leopold, you can't possibly have a goodnight's sleep with me herenall night, and I will get no sleep sleeping in this chair, I will benunbearable, and not a pleasant person to be around at all in the morning.\" \"There's room next to me.\" \"Oh, that is a wise choice. Your uncle and aunt would have a fit.\" \"I want you to stay, Kate. I want you next to me all night. Like innNew York, at your apartment. You asked me to stay then, and I gladlynobliged, couldn't you possibly return the favor?\" He looked up at her pleadingly, and she lifted the covers and slippednin beside him. He couldn't roll over on his side, because of his arm, butnshe snuggled up to him, her head on his right shoulder. His right armnaround her, she rested her right arm across his bare stomach. He managednto kiss the top of her head. He sighed in contentment. \"Now that is muchnbetter, don't you agree?\" Tears came to her eyes, and she didn't want Leopold to see them, butnhe felt one on his shoulder, \"Kate, are you crying?\" \"What if you would've died? Leopold, it just seems one bad thingnafter another keeps happening. I don't want to lose you.\" He squeezed her with one good arm, and kissed the top of her head, \"Inam going to be alright, especially now that you are here. Nothing else badnis going to happen.\" \"You can't say that. I mean yesterday, you were just out for anpleasant ride, and someone shot at you. You don't know what will happen.\" \"All I know right now is that I love you. And this is what isnimportant. You and me.\" He felt pain shoot through his shoulder and hisnwhole body tensed. Kate felt it as well. \"You are in pain, I should let you rest.\" She started to get out ofnbed and he managed to hold her down with the little strength he had. \"You are staying put. The pain comes and goes, whether you are herenor not. We both should get some rest.\" She looked up at him and he hadnalready closed his eyes, everything seemed to wear him out. She hoped thatntomorrow there would be some kind of improvement, and she had to remembernnot to give him anything else to worry about. She closed her eyes, contentnbeing his arms, being close to him, knowing she was making some differenceneven if very slight. When Otis came back to Leopold's room, he saw them both asleep; Katennestled up next to him. He smiled and quietly left the room. He wouldn'tnbe needed the rest of the night. Jack was out back of the house, where there was a small yard for thenhorses. He was exhausted. After settling the horses in, he sat down innthe hay, with his head in his hands. The last 24 hours had been intensenand now he just wanted to close his eyes and sleep. He started to dozenwhen he felt a soft kiss on his cheek; he opened his eyes and found Janetnkneeling beside him, \"You aren't sleeping out here, there is an extra bed in Otis' room.nCome on, get up,\" He wouldn't budge. \"I think I'd rather stay out here.\" \"Jack, stop it. I know everyone has been quick to judge that this isnyour fault, but They all know the truth now. And no one blames you. Tomorrow you will see,nLeopold will be so much better, and everyone will be over the shock, andnthere won't be all this tension.\" \"How is Kate?\" \"She's with him. I told her if it was you, I wouldn't leave yournside.\" He smiled at her, \"Really?\" \"Yes, really. I'm glad you're here, Jack. I really missed you.\" He took her in his arms, and kissed her, losing his balance and theynfalling over in the hay, both laughing. \"It's lovely to see you smilenagain.\" She stroked the side of his face, \"I'm taking you out tomorrow.\" \"You are?\" \"Of course it depends on Leopold's condition. But if there is annimprovement, I want to take you for a ride in the park.\" \"Just you and me?\" \"Yes. And the horses of course. You'll have to ride sidesaddle; Inreally think that would be appropriate. We can take a picnic.\" She smiled, \"I suppose I could manage sidesaddle for you, Jack.\" She kissed him.\" And you can't be so forward.\" She pulled away, \"What do you mean?\" \"It's not lady like.\" \"I thought you liked when I kissed you.\" \"I do. But the man should make the initiative.\" \"If I feel like kissing you, Jack Blackmore, I will kiss you. Isnthat understood?\" \"Well…\" \"It's either understood or not. If you think I will wait for you tonkiss me, I could be waiting for days or weeks, or even months.\" \"I am not that bad.\" \"It has taken you over 10 years to pluck up the nerve to kiss me.\" He pulled her closer to him and passionately kissed her, when he letnher go, she was blushing, \"there are plenty more of those Miss Collins, andnthey will be frequent if I feel you are deserving.\" She struggled against him and he laughed. He was teasing, and didn'tnlet her go. \"I am not ready to let you go.\" \"I liked it better when you were romantic. Stop teasing me.\" He smiled sweetly at her and gently kissed her, \"I can be romantic.nAnd I don't really mind when you kiss me, just maybe not in public.\" \"Well, maybe I won't be able to control myself. I can't just turn onnand off, Jack. And around you I am pretty much on all the time.\" He was now blushing, and started to stand up, giving her his hand tonhelp her up, \"I think that bed sounds good. Come on.\" \"Is that an invitation?\" She smiled at him coyly. Now he was truly embarrassed. \"Of course not. I told you mynintentions yesterday. Let me rephrase that. Going to bed alone soundsngood.\" She enjoyed teasing him, he took hold of her hand and they headedninto the house She smiled triumphantly. She knew he would be thinking ofnher when he crawled under the covers and that was exactly how she wantednit. Kate was awoken in the middle of the night by Leopold thrashing nextnto her. He was mumbling, and obviously having a bad dream. He yelled out,n\"Rest assured I will be the cause of your demise, if you ever harm anynmember of my family again.\" Kate sat up and tried to wake him, \"Leopold,nwake up.\" He jolted up, swinging his bad arm, causing excruciating pain, andnmissing Kate. She managed to take hold of his good arm, \"Leopold, you'renhaving a bad dream. It's alright.\" He was sweating and breathing heavily,nand he let out a blood-curdling yell. He then seemed to focus on Kate andnhe looked startled and disoriented. His free hand clenched at hisnshoulder, and Kate managed to get him to lie back down. \"Calm down, takendeep breathes. It's alright.\" He did as she told him, but he looked frightened, and it kind ofnfreaked her out. There was a bowl and cloth by the side of the bed and shenreached for it and began to wipe his forehead. He began to relax, but henwas still trembling. The yell had awoken the rest of the household and itnwas only a matter of minutes before the door opened and Otis, in hisndressing gown, followed by a very disheveled looking Jack who had obviouslynfallen asleep in his clothes, entered the room. Otis went to his master'snside and Kate looked up to him for guidance. \"He had a bad dream, he was mumbling something about someone'sndemise, and he tried to hit me. It was really strange.\" Otis picked up the bottle of morphine and poured a spoonful out, \"Inthink he could have another dose, it's been over 8 hours.\" Kate started to get out of bed and Leopold took hold of her hand,n\"You said you would stay.\" \"And I will.\" He cooperated with Otis, as he gave him the medicine and propped hisnpillows for comfort. Millard and Margaret entered the room, and Margaretnwas shocked at the sight of Kate in her nightdress, kneeling on Leopold'snbed. They exchanged glances, and Kate tried to get up, but Leopold's gripnwouldn't budge. \"We heard a yell, is everything alright?\" Otis turned to them, \"He was having a bad dream, he should be finennow. I don't expect any more disturbances the rest of the night.\" It was the first time they had seen him, and Margaret covered hernmouth, so not to gasp. Leopold noticed it, \"I can't look that bad, AuntnMargaret.\" He managed a slight smile. \"No, of course, not, you look…\"she turned away from him in tears andncouldn't even stay in the room. Millard turned towards the door, watching her flee and then back tonLeopold, eyeing Kate. \"I will let you have your rest, Otis seems to bentaking good care of you and I am sure there will be much improvement in thenmorning.\" He squeezed Kate's hand, \"And Kate. Kate is taking good care of me.\" Jack couldn't help but notice Millard's distain for the situation andnit made him smile. He had never much liked the man, and it was wonderfulnseeing him cringe at the possibility his perfect nephew had actually beennin bed with a woman, and in front of the servants. This was not appropriatenbehavior. Jack almost laughed, and let out a little snicker, Millard turnednto him, \"What are you smiling at?\" \"Nothing your, lordship. I am glad to see Leopold doing so muchnbetter.\" \"Well, we should all leave Leopold in peace now.\" Leopold's eyes werengetting droopy. Millard turned to Kate, \"Come along, Katherine.\" \"She is staying with me.\" Leopold managed to say, although slightlynslurred. \"She will do no such thing.\" \"I am an invalid, Uncle Millard, I am doped up with morphine, thenprobabilities of anything happening in this bed, are very slim, no notnslim…nil.\" His eyelids started to flicker, \"I am extremely tired, I must sleep.\" Otis escorted an agitated Millard out, Jack followed. Otis turned back to Kate, \"If you need anything, please don'tnhesitate in coming to get me.\" \"Thanks.\" Leopold was already out of it, but he was still holdingnonto her hand, \"You are so good with him.\" \"I think you are the one that is good with him, I can see my servicesnmight not be required once you are wed.\" \"I could never take your place, Otis. Leopold needs you. I neednyou.\" He smiled, \"Good night, Miss Katherine.\" \"Goodnight, Otis.\" The door shut and she managed to slip under thencovers again, taking her hand out of his so she could lie down next to him.nHe shuffled and Kate took hold of his hand, he sighed and drifted intonsleep. Kate wished it could be so easy for her, she couldn't get the imagenof him sitting up and yelling out of her mind, and the words he had spoken.n She was pretty sure he was talking about Edgar, and it concerned her. Henwas now going to be on this mission to get back at Edgar, or something.nAnd it was bound to only have more repercussions in the Mountbattennhousehold. She hated the fact she was starting to think his demise wouldnbe a good thing. She would never wish that on anyone, but it was spoilingnhers and Leopold's happiness, and she really didn't like the guy. She wasnnot going to be able to let this go. Something had to be done. \"[Chapter 27] When Kate awoke, the following morning, Leopold was still out cold.nIt looked like he had regained some color in his cheeks, and she felt thatnwas a good sign. She watched him sleep for a few minutes, his chest risingnand falling, and only hoped that he was over the worst. She slipped out ofnhis bed and pulled the covers up to his shoulders and gentle kissed the topnof his head, so not to disturb his sleep. She knew he desperately needednit; she walked out the door, and ran into Margaret in the hallway. \"I think we need to have a talk, Katherine.\" Kate rolled her eyes; this was all she needed, the lecture about hernvirtue or whatever. \"Are you going to ask me how Leopold is?\" \"I am sure you would inform me if he took a turn for the worse, so Incan assume he is resting comfortably and there is no change.\" \"He seems to have regained some of the color in his cheeks, I thinknthat's a good sign. I was going to go downstairs and see if the cook cannprepare him some breakfast. He'll be hungry when he wakes up.\" Kate was trying to talk about anything just so Margaret wouldn'tnbring up the fact she was in Leopold's bed last night. But it was no use. \"We can go into my room, Millard is already downstairs havingnbreakfast. I wouldn't want the servants to overhear, I do believe theynhave already had their eyeful with your display last night in Leopold'snbedroom.\" She opened a door, and escorted Kate into it. Kate turned to her, not wanting to raise her voice, but she wasnangry, \"I have done nothing to be ashamed of. Leopold wanted me to stay, Inwas there for him.\" \"So you will do anything a man asks of you?\" \"No, of course not. Leopold isn't just a man, he is the man I amngoing to marry in a few days.\" \"The servants talk, Katherine, they talk to other servants in othernhouseholds. Nothing is private in front of them. You should have usednyour discretion.\" \"I was thinking of Leopold and what he was going through. The lastnthing on my mind was what anyone thought of me being with him.\" \"Well, next time you will think about it.\" \"And you really think Otis or Jack would say anything to anyone?nThey are devoted to this family. And really, what is the big deal, in anfew days I will be in his bed as his wife anyhow.\" \"You make such light of the situation, but you don't understand whatnit is like for someone in Leopold's position. What people say can effectnevery member of the family, for generations to come.\" \"This is about you. And what people think about you. I don't carenwhat anyone thinks about me, except for Leopold. And Leopold doesn't careneither. So get over it, Lady Mountbatten. If Leopold wants me in his bednthat is where I will be.\" Kate stormed past her and left her standing therenshocked. As Kate walked out she put her hand to her head, boy, was she dishingnthings out right and left lately. Leopold would scold her for hernbehavior, although if it came out of his mouth, it would be okay. Oh,nwell, to late now. Back to the matter at hand…breakfast in bed fornLeopold. She entered her room and found her dressing gown, and then headed fornthe kitchen. Leopold slept all morning and the breakfast she had helped preparenwas going to go to waste, until Jack peeked his head around the door, tonsee how he was and Kate handed him the toast and marmalade, and an egg easynover. \"For me, Kate, you shouldn't have?\" he teased. \"It was for Leopold actually, but I think he plans to sleep all day.\"n She looked a bit disappointed. \"Hey, it wouldn't be a bad thing. You can come on a picnic withnJanet and myself.\" \"I don't think so. I think there is some luncheon I am supposed tonbe at, and besides you and Janet should be alone.\" \"I think I have to watch out for her.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"She has ideas.\" \"What sort of ideas?\" \"Improper thoughts for a young lady.\" Kate laughed, \"We all have those, Jack. It's normal.\" \"But Janet has been with others.\" \"And you haven't?\" \"Well, I have, but it's different.\" \"I suppose it is a bit different. Janet's perception of love is a bitnwarped; her relationships have hardly been by choice. She needs to be shownnsome tenderness and respect. She wants to wait, Jack, just like you. It'snjust she thinks sex is love.\" \"Do you think she was in love with Edgar or the Earl?\" \"No, she was afraid and vulnerable and they took advantage of her.nIf the Earl said he loved her, she probably believed it. But he only saidnit because he knew she would give him what he wanted. So when you tell hernyou love her she thinks she owes you something. I don't know, I am justnguessing. She knows you aren't like them. Stick to your guns, Jack. Janetnneeds someone who will love and cherish her, for herself.\" \"And I do.\" \"I know.\" She glanced over at Leopold, still out like a light.nThinking of everything Leopold had showed her in the last month. Shenlooked at love differently now, and had no doubt Jack would show Janet whatnlove was really all about. Lunch was tense with Aunt Margaret, since Kate had made the outburstnearlier in the morning. Aunt Agnes was in the middle. Of course, because ofnLeopold's accident, the stress level was high and didn't help matters.nMillard had told them that if the accident were spoken of it would benreferred to as a hunting accident and nothing more. Jack had found thisnamusing since hunting season wasn't till the fall, but he let it slide andnthe women who Kate would come in contact with would be none the wiser.nWhen they arrived home Kate took her hat off and went upstairs to check onnLeopold. Otis was sitting in a chair reading a book when she opened the door,n\"He is still asleep, miss.\" \"Is this normal? I mean, it seems like a long time to sleep.\" \"It's his bodys way of healing. There is no need to worry. He didnexperience another dream, I am afraid.\" \"Did he say anything?\" \"Just mumbling, but they disturb him immensely. I have decided not tongive him any more morphine, because I don't know if it causing thesennightmares.\" \"That's probably a good idea.\" She went to his bedside and was glad to see he was resting peacefullynnow. She gently brushed his hair away from his face and smiled. There was a knock at the door; it was Aunt Agnes' butler. \"Miss Katherine, there is someone downstairs to see you.\" Kate looked surprised, who would be asking for her. \"Did they say who it was?\" \"Lady Spencer.\" Otis and Kate exchanged glances, as she walked out she turned tonOtis, \"Please inform me when he wakes up.\" \"Of course, miss.\" Kate went to the parlor and found Millicent there. \"Millicent, thisnis a surprise.\" \"I should have sent word of my visit, it was terribly rude of me tonjust show up, but this trip has been all so sudden.\" Kate couldn't help but notice that Millicent did look better, thenntheir last meeting. She had a bit more color to her cheeks and didn't seemnas weak. \"The doctor wasn't so sure I should be traveling, but I so wanted toncome. I told him I would be extra careful.\" \"Lord Spencer is with you?\" \"Oh, yes, he is out for a ride in the park. I so wanted to see you, Inhad heard of Leopold's accident and I wanted to see if he was alright.\" \"How did you hear of his accident?\" \"Edgar said he had heard from one of the servants. You know how theyntalk between each other.\" \"Did you know that it happened on your property?\" \"Are you sure? I was told it was up on the hills, a huntingnaccident.\" \"No, it happened in the woods at the edge of your property.\"nMillicent was concerned at the way Kate was looking at her. \"I can't imagine. Are you sure?\" \"Yes, positive. Jack was with him.\" \"Leopold's groomsman, yes.\" She seemed very flustered and Kate couldnsee how upset she had become. \"He is alright, isn't he?\" \"I think he's going to be. He has been sleeping all day.\" Millicent started to cry and it threw Kate, \"I know what you arenthinking. And it can't possibly be true. Edgar wouldn't do such a thing.\" \"Millicent, you have to accept the fact that there is the chancenEdgar shot him. He hates Leopold.\" \"I know he can be cruel, but to kill someone. He has changed Kate.nThat incident all those years ago, is behind us and being in India made himna new man.\" \"What incident?\" Millicent put her hand over her mouth, \"It is not important, it isnthe past.\" \"Did Edgar kill someone? Leopold mentioned something, but didn'tntell me any details.\" \"It was an accident, and we would all like to forget about it.\" Kate realized she wasn't going to say anything and knew Millicentngetting upset was not good for her and the baby, \"I am not being a verynpleasant hostess, I haven't even offered you any tea. Would you like some?\" Millicent nodded and Kate went to find one of the servants to bringnthem some tea. Once the tea arrived Millicent had calmed down and Kate hadnchanged the subject and talked about all the interesting people she hadnbeen meeting while in London. They laughed about some of the eccentrics,nLady Filmore who kept birds and talked to them like they were her children,nand Lord Ramsford, a big and burly man who spoke like a timid mouse.nMillicent was familiar with these people too and enjoyed her conversationnimmensely. But the time slipped by and Millicent looked worried, \"I must go, Edgar won't be pleased if I am not at the house when henarrives home. He has insisted I rest.\" \"You and Edgar must come for cocktails while you are here, maybentomorrow.\" Kate knew she really shouldn't be arranging something like this, and AuntnMargaret would be furious, but she didn't feel she could pass up on thenopportunity. Leopold would still be confined to his bed, hopefully. Andnmaybe Kate could find some answers. \"Are you sure Leopold will be up to it?\" \"Probably not, but I will be and we would love to have you. We arenonly in London for a few more days. Leopold's aunt wants to make surenLeopold will be able to make the Queen's ball, I am sure he won't benallowed out of bed until that time.\" \"It's a shame, because London is so romantic, walks along the Thamesnand strolls in the park. The theater.\" Kate could see her remembering anbetter time. \"Did Leopold bring you here?\" \"I lived here. I met Leopold at my cousin's house, one summer.nLeopold did come and visit me here frequently. He took me to the theaternand…\" she stopped. \"It was a long time ago.\" Kate didn't know what to say. She could only imagine what it mustnhave been like for this young woman to be so in love with Leopold and thennend up with someone like Edgar. Millicent turned before walking out thendoor, \"I will ask Edgar about tomorrow evening, and send you a reply asnsoon as I can.\" Tomorrow night would be an interesting evening indeed. Jack and Janet had their day in the park as planned. It was anglorious day, and they found a lovely spot for a picnic. Janet had wantednsomething more secluded, and Jack had chosen a place that was popular withnfamilies and there was some activity going on around them, but it was stillnbeautiful. Jack wore the suit, Leopold had loaned him and he had had anbath. Janet almost couldn't recognize him. He looked ever so handsome.nThey were enjoying their lunch when they heard a familiar voice, \"Well, well, well, what do we have here? The little trollop and thenDuke of Albany's puppet.\" They looked up to find Edgar on his horse, sneering at them. Jacknbegan to stand up, ready for a confrontation and Janet pulled him backndown. \"I suppose congratulations are in order, I have heard you two are tonbe wed. What an interesting match. But I suppose I am not to surprised,nif you can't have Leopold you will settle for the man who mucks out hisnstables. And Jack, my friend, you are one lucky man, this woman willnplease you like no other.\" Jack was now furious and had pulled away from Janet, \"Don't ever callnme a friend. What you have done this time is indespicable, Edgar.\" \"Edgar? Since when have I given you the right to call me Edgar? Itnis Lord Spencer to you and your tart. And I have no idea what you arentalking about. I have done nothing.\" \"Leopold was shot the other day on your property, and don't evennpretend like this is a surprise to you.\" \"Oh, that.\" He said very nonchalantly. \"That is all you have to say?\" Janet stood up and grabbed on to hisnarm. \"Please, Jack, stop. We don't want any trouble.\" \"You should listen to her, Jack, we wouldn't want any trouble nownwould we? And I have a lot of friends here, who would find yournaccusations uncalled for. Remember your place, Jack. You are a groomsmen,na servant, and you have no right accusing me of anything. I wouldn't wantnyou to find yourself in your master's predicament. That would be a shame.\" \"Are you threatening me?\" \"Jack, stop it now. This is scaring me.\" Janet pleaded with him. \"I am only warning you, to stay out of affairs that don't concernnyou.\" \"You shot him.\" \"Do you think I would be that stupid? Jack, Jack, Jack, you reallynare naïve.\" He looked at his pocket watch, \"I really would like to chatnmore, it has been delightful but I have to get home to my wife, and I haveninterrupted your picnic. You know, Jack, you should just skip all thenfluff and get down to business, if you know what I mean. Janet will donanything you ask, I am sure of it. At least she did for me.\" He smiledntipped his hat and rode off. Jack was so mad, \"That bastard. I am going to kill him, I swearnJanet. I am going to kill him. The way he talks about you. No one canntalk about you that way. And I know he shot Leopold.\" Janet sat back down on the blanket and started to cry, \"Everything hensaid is true about me. How can you marry me Jack? After all I have done?nYou deserve something better. I am used goods.\" He kneeled down beside her and lifted her chin, \"Look at me, Janet\" She didn't want to but he forced her to, \"I love you. I told you Indon't care about the past. What happened with Edgar, will not happennagain, and I think you are beautiful and the most wonderful creature onnearth. I will be the man to show you what love is, and it will benwonderful and tender, and you won't have to be afraid anymore, because Inlove you. Don't ever forget that. And I never want to hear you say that Indeserve better or that you are used goods. That is not true.\" He kissednher gently, and wiped the tears from her eyes, she managed to smile. \"You are a wonderful man, Jack.\" \"And I have ruined our first date.\" \"You haven't ruined anything. You have said all the right things angirl wants to hear.\" \"I shouldn't have let Edgar get to me.\" \"He scares me, Jack. He is so evil.\" \"I never thought I would say this, but I think you are right. Hendidn't even try to act like he was concerned about Leopold.\" \"I want you to stay out of this mess.\" \"How can I?\" \"I know you care about Leopold, but if something happens to you too,nI will die. Please promise me, you will stay out of this.\" \"If Leopold requires my assistance, I will give it.\" \"Then you are what Edgar said…his puppet.\" Jack was silent. He didn't want to tell her that he was doing it fornher. He hated Edgar for what he had done to Janet. The rape, then yearsnlater in India, he continued to take advantage of her. He wanted this mannto pay for what he had done. Of course the fact that he was trying to ruinnLeopold only made him despise him more. Jack wanted to change the tone. They had been enjoying their picnicnand he wanted Janet to forget about Edgar's words. Of course, thatnwouldn't be so easy. He picked up a strawberry, and proceeded to plop itninto his mouth, \"You should try one, they are delicious.\" \"You are changing the subject.\" \"So I am, the subject should be strawberries.\" He picked up anothernand brought it towards Janet's mouth. He was smiling at her and shencouldn't resist. She opened her mouth and he proceeded to feed it to her.nAlthough, the mood had changed, they were both determined to enjoy the restnof their day. Kate was by Leopold's bedside when he finally awoke at around 3pm.n\"Now this is the sight I would like to feast my eyes on every morning.\" Hensmiled at her tenderly. \"It's afternoon.\" He started to sit up and felt the pain, closed his eyes and lay backndown. \"You should've woken me.\" \"This is what you are suppose to do, rest. And if your aunt has hernway, you will be in bed until the Queen's ball.\" He put his hand to his head, \"I have things to take care of. I can'tnstay in bed any longer.\" \"You aren't going to be taking care of anything today. Possiblyntomorrow, we'll see. Right, Otis.\" Otis joined her by his side, \"Miss Katherine is right. You gettingnup before you are ready could only cause more damage.\" \"I don't have a chance with the two of you watching over me, do I?\" They smiled at each other, \"Not a chance.\" They repeated together. \"How about something to eat? Am I allowed that?\" \"Of course, sir, I will go downstairs and have the cook fix younsomething.\" \"Thank-you, Otis.\" Otis walked out of the room and he took hold of Kate's hand andnpulled her close to him. It was amazing how much strength he had in onenhand. He managed to kiss her, and sigh, \"I have missed that.\" \"You must be feeling better.\" \"I told you, you were the only medicine I would need.\" \"It's wonderful to see you looking so much better. I was so worriednyesterday.\" \"It takes a lot more than a bullet in the shoulder to bring me down,nI'm afraid. I have to much to live for.\" She sat on the edge of the bed, playing with his fingers and notnlooking at him, contemplating telling him about Millicent's visit. Leopoldnnoticed the faraway look in her eyes, \"What is it, Kate?\" \"Oh, nothing, I was just daydreaming about our wedding and how in anfew days time I will be the Duchess of Albany.\" He smiled, \"So you will still marry me?\" \"Of course I will.\" \"Even after the fool I have been the past few days.\" \"You had cold feet. You started to think about what you have missed.nAnd you were marrying me, and you'd be stuck with one woman for the rest ofnyour life. Believe me you aren't the first man to go through those kind ofnfeelings.\" \"No, no, that wasn't it. I have known since the day I met you Inwanted to spend the rest of my life with you. I never had feelings fornJanet, ever. When you told me she had feelings for me, yes, I feltnflattered and maybe I wondered a bit. This was a girl I treated like ansister, who I treated like one of the lads. I never had any idea she hadnfeelings for me, and she seemed different after that. Edgar said thingsnabout her, that night.\" \"Did he tell you?\" \"Tell me what?\" \"It's not important. Look, Leopold, I don't need an explanation fornyour behavior. Janet is marrying Jack, and she is like a love strucknteenager. You should have seen them go off this morning. Jack took her onna picnic. She even rode sidesaddle, and she looked beautiful, and I mustnsay, Jack looked pretty hot in that suit you loaned him.\" Kate was hopingnthat she could distract Leopold from the conversation about Edgar, \"I amnnot worried at all about Janet, and what she feels about you. I know younlove me. I was a bit worried for a few minutes; there is no bridge ornportal to jump through. I am stuck here, and I wasn't about to give you upnso easily. Thank god, Jack, told her how he felt, because I really didn'tnfancy having a cat fight with Janet over you.\" \"You would have fought over me?\" \"You bet I would've. And Janet would not have won.\" He smiled and kissed her, \"I would have like to have seen that.nMaybe I made a mistake, you know she is a beautiful woman.\" He teased. \"Don't get any ideas.\" Otis walked in the door with a bowl of soup and a cup of tea, he wasnglad to see Leopold smiling. Leopold frowned when he saw the tray of food, \"Not soup again. Otisncouldn't you do any better than that? And tea? I don't fancy tea.\" \"I am afraid, the cook is preparing for dinner tonight. Your auntnhas guests arriving at 7. She handed me this, and shooed me away.\" Kate had forgotten about the dinner party. \"You are so lucky, youncan stay in bed.\" \"I will join you this evening.\" Otis had set the tray down and was helping Leopold to sit, bynpropping his pillows. He scowled at him, \"I am afraid that would be unwise,nsir.\" \"It's downstairs, for god's sake. If I feel I can't handle it, I canncome back upstairs to rest. I have to eat. I have had plenty of sleep, Infeel fine. And I promise I will take it easy. I could use something tontake my mind off things.\" Kate noticed the expression on his face, knowing he was thinking ofnEdgar. \"You know it might be a good idea, Otis.\" \"Your aunt won't like it.\" \"But then Aunt Margaret doesn't like anything.\" Kate added. \"Have you caused trouble again?\" \"We had words, which I am sure she will inform you about. She wasn'tnhappy about our sleeping arrangements last evening.\" \"Oh, I see. Well, then she won't be happy again, this evening. Inhave every intention of you spending the night with me again, if you arenwilling.\" \"Leopold, maybe it would be best if I just slept in my own room.nThere is enough tension in this house as it is.\" \"I am crushed.\" \"I can see that. You aren't getting your way. And you are spoilednrotten.\" He smiled, \"I am the Duke.\" \"Oh, stop with that garbage. That holds no power over me whatsoever.n Other women might sigh and faint in your presence, your grace, but I cannassure you. That title is just a title, nothing more.\" \"So I can't persuade you.\" She tried to get up, but he wouldn't let go of her hand, \"Let gonLeopold, you need to eat. And I have things to do.\" \"I command you to stay.\" She was feeling a bit embarrassed. Otis was standing there waitingnto help Leopold with his food. \"I will stay, if you let go of my hand and eat.\" He quickly dropped her hand, \"And once again I have gotten my way.\" Otis smiled, \"It is no use, Miss Katherine, he is one determinednyoung man.\" \"Kate can feed me.\" \"You can feed yourself. I felt the strength in your hand, you willnhave no problem picking up a spoon.\" \"If I ask Otis, he would feed me.\" \"I am afraid I wouldn't, sir. Miss Katherine is right, you can feednyourself.\" They both walked away from the bed and started to have a privatenconversation, which infuriated him. Kate turned towards him, \"Eat, Leopold.\" She then turned back to Otis, who whispered to her, \"You haven't toldnhim about Lady Spencer's visit.\" \"No, I don't think there is any reason to get him worked up aboutnEdgar being in town. She is in denial, Otis. How could she not think henisn't at the bottom of this?\" \"She is a good wife, she will protect her husband.\" \"I don't get it. How could anyone stay with that man?\" Leopold was curious what they were talking about. \"What is going on?\" Kate went back over to the bed, \"You aren't eating. So I can leave.\" \"I have eaten a few bites, and it's revolting. What are you and Otisnwhispering about?\" \"Otis thinks a doctor should look at your wound make sure it'snhealing properly.\" \"I said no doctors. It's healing fine.\" \"Why don't you want a doctor to look at it?\" \"A doctor will come in here, poke around, put me through more agonynand then insist I take some medicine, that does absolutely nothing, exceptntake away a very minimal amount of pain, and leaves me useless for hours onnend. Otis is perfectly capable of changing the dressing, when need be andnletting the wound breathe a bit. I am doing exactly what a doctor wouldntell me to do…rest, regain my strength. Oh, and another thing, a doctornwould tell me I shouldn't become agitated. And both of you are pushing menright now.\" \"I am sorry. I won't mention doctors again.\" \"Thank-you. I have had enough of this.\" He pushed it away; \"I willnlook forward to a proper meal this evening.\" \"Well, if you are going to get up and dress, sir, I suggest a bathnmight be in order, but if you don't think you are up to it, there is thenpossibility of a sponge bath.\" \"God forbid, that is out of the question. I will make the effort tontake a bath.\" Kate leaned over and kissed him, \"I will leave you to it then. Pleasendon't overdo it. I don't want any fainting spells or anything.\" \"You have no faith in me.\" \"I know what you are like, you rode all the way to London, with anterrible injury. You get your mind set on something and you can't let itngo.\" \"I was determined to see you, and make amends.\" \"That is not the only reason you were in such a hurry to come tonLondon. You have to concentrate on getting well, not on Edgar Spencer.nCan't you just promise me, you will forget about this Edgar Spencer messnuntil after our wedding? When you are feeling better.\" Leopold wanted to promise her that, but he couldn't. By then it mightnbe to late. \" I can't promise that, Kate. I wish I could.\" \"At least you are being honest.\" He took hold of her hand, \"Tonight I promise I won't think aboutnEdgar Spencer, I know it's not the same, but it's all I can promise.\" \"It's a start. I better go find your aunt, and see if I can comenback into her favor. I will be on my best behavior tonight, so shenshouldn't have anything to lecture me about.' \"Will you think about my offer?\" \"Leopold, really. You don't give up. We will talk about this later.n Enjoy your bath.\" As she left, Leopold felt the pain shoot through him, and Otis sawnhim grimace, \"Sir, I am concerned you are pushing this. Another day in bednwouldn't be a bad thing.\" \"It's just a little pain, it comes and goes. You worry to much.\" Otis knew Leopold would do what he wanted, so he carried on and gotnhis bath ready. Kate knew she was in the way, when she went down to the kitchen andnsaw Margaret barking out orders to the staff, she quietly slipped out andnheaded to the drawing room, where Aunt Agnes and Millard were sitting. \"Katherine, how is Leopold this afternoon, or is he still sleeping.\" \"He is awake now and Otis is preparing a bath for him.\" Millard put the paper down, \"Well, he must be considerably better ifnhe can manage a bath. That 's wonderful.\" Kate noticed how nice he wasnbeing and Agnes gave her the eye. \"Lord Mountbatten, I don't know if I should mention this or not, butnI am going to because I feel you might want to know. The Spencers are inntown, Millicent came by this afternoon.\" Millard looked shocked, \"What are they doing here?\" \"I don't know. She said it was sudden.\" \"Well, hopefully we can get through the next few days without Leopoldnrunning into the fellow. That would be all we need.\" Kate decided this wasn't a good time to tell him she had invited themnfor cocktails. \"Do you have any idea what he wants?\" Millard looked surprised by this question, and couldn't answer. Agnesnnoticed his awkwardness. \"He is trouble, that is all I know. What he wants is neither herennor there; he will stop at nothing to get it. If he is responsible for thenshooting of my nephew, it only confirms this fact.\" \"But killing Leopold seems a bit drastic. What would he have to gainnby Leopold's death?\" \"You ask to many questions, Miss Mckay. Questions I can't possiblynknow the answer to. Excuse me, ladies, I think I will go out for a walk.nI want to stay as far away as possible from my wife and this dinner partynpreparations.\" When he walked out Agnes and Kate exchanged glances, \"What did younmake of that?\" \"Kate, you must be careful what you ask Millard. Whatever is goingnon, if he is involved, you will have to use some caution. I wouldn't wantnhim to be suspicious of you.\" \"I am definitely not afraid of Millard Mountbatten. And if he isninvolved, I think he is doing whatever it is he is doing, to protectnLeopold. I may not like the man much, but I know how he feels aboutnLeopold. He would do anything to protect him. I just wish I could piecenthis together. I can't for the life of me think what Leopold did to Edgar,nfor Edgar to want him dead. It can't just be because he has always beennjealous of him.\" \"I think we should try and refrain from even mentioning his name innfront of Millard or Leopold for the time being.\" \"You are probably right.\" Kate thought about it. She too was keepingnthings from Leopold. She was no better than the rest of the family. Andnearlier she had pleaded with him to not think about Edgar until after thenwedding. And here she was thinking about him constantly. She had to knownwhat was going on, before something else happened. As Jack and Janet dismounted the horses in the yard, Janet asked,n\"Are you going to tell Leopold about running into Edgar?\" \"Probably not.\" \"Don't you think he should know? What if Edgar tries somethingnagain?\" \"I thought you didn't want me to get involved.\" \"I have changed my mind. In fact, I want to help in anyway I can.\" \"No, no…you are staying out of this. I don't want you anywhere nearnthat man, do you understand?\" \"But Kate and I we think this all has something to do with thenfinancial difficulty the family is in.: \"Kate is in on this too? Janet, you know what he is like with women.n It is not safe to be around him. And if you and Kate start meddling innsomething, it could become very dangerous indeed.\" Kate had walked into the yard, and had heard there raised voices.n\"How was the picnic?\" \"How long have you been standing there?\" \"Long enough. It's too late, Jack. I am already involved. Now thatnLeopold has been injured, I have to find out what is going on. Otherwise,neveryday I will wonder when he's out riding Mordred or on a walk, isnsomething going to happen to him.\" \"Stay out of it. I am begging both of you.\" Janet turned to Kate, \"He is being a bit overdramatic, he had a runnin with Edgar this afternoon.\" Kate turned to him, \"What did he say?\" \"He threatened Jack. And said he needed to stay out of his business.n Jack accused him of shooting Leopold as well.\" \"Jack, that probably wasn't the wisest thing you have ever done.\" \"He said things about Janet. I know, I shouldn't let him get to me.\" \"Well, you two aren't the only ones that had a surprise encounterntoday. Millicent came for a visit. I was going to ask you, Jack, beforenEdgar left for India, did he kill someone?\" \"Did Millicent say that?\" \"No, she didn't have to. Said something about it being in the past,nand Edgar was a changed man.\" \"There was a servant in the Spencer household. No one knows whatnhappened, but shortly after she was found in the woods strangled, Edgar andnMillicent were on their way to India. Everyone speculates that Edgar'snmother sent him away, until the whole episode died down. No one talks aboutnit. I can only assume, she displeased him in some way.\" \"Interesting. You mean he wasn't even accused of the murder?\" \"Some story about a jealous lover or such, she had no family, so thenstory faded fast. She was a lovely girl. I remember her. I alwaysnwondered how she could work there. Most of his staff are not the brightest,nand tend to be on the seedy side. She wasn't.\" \"I wonder if we could find out anything from the staff at Westlakenabout it.\" \"Kate, it was a long time ago. Leopold will be furious if you startnpoking your noise in over there.\" \"I won't, alright. I am just curious.\" \"You should be concentrating on Leopold, and his recovery.\" \"Of course that is my first priority. In fact, Leopold is doing anlot better today. He is actually coming down to Aunt Margaret's dinnernparty tonight.\" \"That is so wonderful, Kate.\" Janet looked pleased. \"I was hoping you'd go see him, Jack.\" \"For what purpose.\" \"As a friend. I know it would mean a lot to him.\" \"My place is with the horses.\" Jack hadn't wanted to see Leopold,nstill feeling partly to blame for the incident. \"Sounds like something Millard would say. Please, go see him. Henwould love to see you in the suit.\" Kate fixed the bow of his tie, \"Inwanted to tell you how splendid you look.\" \"Leopold was kind enough to lend it to me.\" Kate turned to Janet, \"What did I tell you, Janet, he would clean upnnicely.\" Janet smiled and Jack blushed. \"I will go see him, briefly. I have a lot to do.\" \"Can I go to?\" Janet questioned, \"You haven't let me within a hundrednyards of him, I have to show you I am in complete control and I only haveneyes for you.\" \"I should see him alone, Janet. At least for now.\" \"You don't trust me.\" \"It's not that. There are just some things I need to talk to himnabout. Things that wouldn't interest you.\" \"You would be surprised.\" \"I am sure Kate could use some help getting ready for the dinnernparty. I will catch up with you later.\" Kate stopped him, \"You won't mention the run in with Edgar?\" \"No, of course not.\" \"Good, I want this evening to go smoothly. No discussions of Edgar.\" \"You have my word.\" Leopold got through the bath, but it had taken a lot out of him, sondressing him was more of a chore than usual for Otis. The bandages had tonbe changed and once dressed the sling had to be put on to keep movement onnthe shoulder to a minimal. After he was dressed, he sat down on a chair,n\"How am I going to get through the night, if I am already exhausted and Inhaven't done anything?\" \"I can always tell Miss Katherine, you have decided to stay in bed.nShe will understand.\" \"No, I am going to make the effort, Otis. I think I will just sitnhere for awhile and close my eyes until it is time to go down for diner.\" \"Very well, sir.\" There was a knock at the door and Otis opened it. It was Jack. Otisnsmiled at Jack in his suit, \"Very smart, indeed, Jack.\" Leopold opened his eyes, \"Jack, come in, have a seat.\" Otis looked over at his master, \"Sir, are you sure you are up toncompany?\" \"Positive. You are dismissed, Otis until dinner. I will need yournassitance then.\" \"Very well, sir.\" Leopold was pleased to see Jack. Jack sat in a chair across fromnhim, \"So tell me about your picnic. And how did Janet react to you in ansuit?\" \"I think she quite liked it.\" \"Even Kate made mention of how wonderful you looked.\" \"It did make the difference. I have promised her a walk along thenThames this evening. So how are you feeling? When Kate mentioned you werengoing down for dinner I was a bit surprised.\" \"Maybe I am pushing it a bit much. Both Kate and Otis believe I am,nbut I can't lie in bed any longer. I have too much on my mind.\" \"That is understandable.\" \"I might require your help.\" \"Help, in what manner? Otis seems to be doing a splendid job.\" \"He is, of course. But I don't feel comfortable involving him innthis particular project.\" \"I don't like the sound of this, Leopold.\" \"I promise you, it is nothing illegal. I just acquire someninformation, that is all. Information that I have every right to have.\" \"What kind of information?\" \"I want you to go back to Balinor tomorrow, and break into Millard'snstudy.\" \"You are crazy. I can't do that. Mrs. Collins watches the house likena hawk. Nothing gets past her.\" \"Ah, I know for a fact, tomorrow is the day, Mrs. Collins goes intontown, and visits a friend in the early evening.\" \"And if I was to do this for you, what would I be getting out of yournUncle's study.\" \"The books, he keeps them in a large leather bound book. It isnimperative I have them as soon as possible, and that they are returned tontheir rightful place before Millard returns from London, in 3 days time.\" \"How do you propose I get into the study. It is locked, I assume.\" \"My uncle has the key on him at all times. Except when he is asleep.nIt is kept on his dresser.\" \"You want me to steal the key. He will notice it is missing.\" \"Be resourceful, Jack, I am sure you know someone who could make youna copy.\" \"I don't hang out with those kind of characters, Leopold.\" \"So you won't help me.\" \"I didn't say that.\" \"All I ask is for you to think about it. You can give me yourndecision, later this evening.\" Jack wasn't sure what to do. He knew that there were some secretsnMillard kept and they obviously had to do with the estate. There were alsonthe possibilities of them being connected to Edgar. All he wanted was Edgarnto get what he deserved. \"I don't have to think about, Leopold. I will do it.\" \"Are you sure? I really don't want you to feel I am pressuring you.\" \"You have no one else to turn to. That is what friends are for. \"[Chapter 28] Kate was a bit disappointed that she was not seated next to Leopoldnfor dinner, but Margaret insisted this was how it was done. You never putncouples together. Leopold had Lady Pembroke on his right, and CountessnMontego on his left. Both of them very chatty and Leopold only nodded asnthey both tried to monopolize him in a conversation. He wasn't sure whatnwas worse, the pain in his shoulder, or their high pitch babble. Kate wasnat the other end of the table, next to the Count and his teenage son. Shenkept looking down at Leopold, concerned. But he seemed to be holding hisnown. He did look tired though. Otis stood at the edge of the room, readynto assist to him if need be, which was a relief to Kate. \"You know that I knew your father quite well, your grace. What ansplendid man he was. And quite popular with the ladies. You know that henwas the catch. Every available woman who was anyone, had their eyes set onnmarrying your father.\" Leopold looked bored. He had heard this many times, in fact itnsounded much like his own life. \"In fact, isn't it a coincidence that you are neighbors with one ofnthose women?\" Leopold looked up, \"And who would that be?\" \"Why Lady Spencer, your grace, of course she was Lady Woodbridgenthen. There is speculation that your father would have married her, if henhadn't met your mother that summer. I was at that party, the day yournparents met, and I have never seen anything like it. It was love at firstnsight. She was such a lovely woman.\" Leopold was trying to take this all in, his father with JocelynnSpencer. This was too wild of a story. He had never heard anything aboutnhis father courting her. Surely he would have heard something fromnsomeone. Then he figured, it was unlikely since everyone kept everythingnfrom him. \"I suppose Lady Spencer was devastated.\" \"Oh, yes, quite. She had her heart set on becoming Duchess, but shenwas not one to brood for long. She married Lord Spencer, shortly afternyour parents wed. Of course, he was quite a bit older than she, and manynsay she was still pining over your father. It does make a wonderful tale,ndoesn't it?\" \"Yes, quite. I just have a hard time believing my father would havenmarried her.\" \"He probably wouldn't have. I know for a fact he never loved her.nNever loved anyone but your mother. It was such a tragedy when I heard thennews of your parents death. I was in Paris at the time, and I cried forndays. \" Leopold couldn't help but think this had some connection with thenfeud their families had had ever since he could remember. His mind was nownracing, and he started to feel terribly exhausted. Lady Pembroke lookednconcerned,\" I haven't upset you have I, your grace. I mean talking aboutnyour parents. You must miss them terribly, such a tragedy.\" His head started spinning and he felt a bit faint, Otis was at hisnside immediately, \"Sir, maybe you should go lie down.\" \"I think that might be wise. Do you mind helping me up to my room?\" \"Of course not, sir.\" Kate went to his side, \"Leopold, what is it?\" He smiled at her and rested his hand on her cheek, \"You were right, Inshould have stayed in bed. Otis is going to take me upstairs. I will benfine, I just need to lie down.\" \"I'll go up with you.\" \"Explain to the others, please.\" \"Of course. They'll understand.\" The rest of the table eyes werendrawn to the scenario developing. The men stood up, the women gasped,nhoping Leopold had not had a setback. As Otis assisted him upstairs, Katenstood up. \"He has just overdone himself. He needs to lie down. Everything isnfine. Go ahead and finish your meal, if you will excuse me for a fewnminutes.\" Margaret smiled at Kate. Maybe she would make a fine duchess. Shenwas behaving very well tonight, and was handling the situation very well.nMargaret went to her side, before she left the room, \"I am very proud ofnyou, Katherine, and I hope this mornings confrontation hasn't upset you toonmuch.\" \"It's forgotten, Aunt Margaret. I really need to go see to Leopold.nI knew him coming downstairs was not a good idea.\" \"I am sure he is fine and being in the company of others was probablynvery good for him. It just looked like a bit of exhaustion came over him.nYou go to him and I will deal with the company. Please don't be too long;nThe Counts son is going to play the piano for us. It's a real thrill, Inhave heard he is marvelous.\" Kate thought it sounded quite boring, but smiled and then hurriednupstairs. Otis removed Leopold jacket and waistcoat and loosened his tie, andnunbuttoned his shirt, and removed his shoes. Then helped him into bed. \"Can I get you anything, sir?\" He handed Leopold a glass of water,nwhich he took a few sips. \"My uncle. You can get me my uncle.\" His voice sounded verynagitated indeed. \"You seem very distraught.\" \"I have just been informed that my father once courted Lady Spencer.nWhat do you know about this Otis? You were in his service then, weren'tnyou?\" \"Your father courted many young women, sir. I suppose he was seennwith Lady Spencer at one time or another, yes.\" \"Why was I never told about this?\" \"What difference could it possibly make? It was not serious. Likenall of the women he was seen with. I am sure Lady Spencer chose to believenit might be. But she wasn't the only one. Every available young lady innEngland was hoping to become the next Duchess. You shouldn't be workingnyourself up over something so trivial.\" \"This has nothing to do with our families' animosity towards eachnother?\" \"I really couldn't say, sir?\" Kate walked in the room and saw that Leopold was hardly relaxing,n\"What is going on?\" Otis turned to her, \"I'm afraid he has received some information henisn't pleased with.\" \"And Otis thinks I am being foolish letting it bother me.\" \"Yes, I do think you are sir. This is something that happened beforenyou were born. How could it possibly effect your life now?\" \"Well, obviously it does affect my life. They are my neighbors.nTheir family has hated mine for as long as I can remember. \" Kate put up her hand, \"Wait a minute, both of you. What are yountalking about?\" If this is about Edgar…Leopold, you promised me you would put him out ofnyour mind for at least tonight.\" \"And that was my full intention, but I happened to be sitting next tonLady Pembroke who gave me a running commentary on my father's courtingndays, and it so happens that Jocelyn Spencer had her hopes set on becomingnthe Duchess of Albany. You would think somewhere along the line, I wouldnhave been told this fact. That it has some significance in my life due tonthe fact our families have always hated each other. But no, my unclenobviously has kept it from me, and even Otis, who I trusted, decided Inshouldn't know.\" \"He is overexagerating, Miss.\" \"Leopold, this is ridiculous. Look at the state you are in, overnsomething so stupid. So what if you father dated her, he married yournmother.\" She went to his side and sat on the edge of the bed. She tooknhold of his hand, and leaned towards him kissing his cheek, \"You need toncalm down.\" He took a deep breath, \"I don't believe it's stupid. I have thisnstrong feeling that it means something\" Kate couldn't help but think of Millard and his conversation withnJocelyn and Janet seeing them exchange a packet of some kind the night ofnthe ball at the Spencers. Was Leopold right, did this mean something? Butnwhat? It was starting to get incredibly complicated. \"Okay, maybe itndoes?\" He was surprised she was now in agreement with him and Otis shruggednhis shoulders in disbelief, \"You shouldn't encourage him, Miss Katherine.\" \"I didn't say I think you are right. But it could mean something.nLady Spencer being jilted by the Duke of Albany, she might be holding angrudge that she has passed onto Edgar.\" Otis couldn't believe this, \"Do you know how absolutely ludicrousnthis whole scenario sounds?\" Leopold managed to chuckle, \"He's right.\" \"No, no, it could be. A woman scorned is a very dangerous thing.\" \"Well, I tend to agree with you there, women in general are veryndangerous things. And Lady Jocelyn has always been a very bitter andncontrolling woman. I am sure she wasn't happy about my father's engagementnto my mother.\" \"She married Lord Spencer, shortly after your parents were wed,nLeopold. She moved on.\" Otis added. \"She moved on alright. To a man old enough to be her father. Don'tnyou find that there is something wrong with this picture?\" \"I think the accident has caused you to think irrationally, sir, andnas for Miss Katherine, who seems in fine health, all I can say, you havenread to many mystery novels.\" \"I suppose the thought of her with my father, is very disconcerting.nShe is everything my mother wasn't.\" \"Your father never loved anyone but your mother. I know that for anfact. I can promise that any affections with Lady Spencer what so ever,nwere one sided.\" \"He never spoke of her?\" \"Never. Before he met your mother, he attended galas and balls withnmany different women. They were ornaments on his arm only. He knew it wasnexpected of him. Lady Spencer was one of them. That is all. If you stillnwant me to fetch your uncle, and maybe he could put your mind at ease onnthe subject. I will do so. And if I have been out of line, in any commentnI have made this evening, I didn't mean to be disrespectful.\" \"You know I don't like yes men. Always agreeing with me. You havenalways been upfront and honest, I respect that in you. And I hardly neednmy uncle to put my mind at ease, you have done a fine job of that, Otis.\"nHe had calmed down considerably, and he smiled at Kate, \"I think this accident has messed with my mind. I am beingnridiculous.\" Kate didn't think he was, but she knew it was no point to continuesnthe discussion, especially in front of Otis. \"You should just rest.\" Shenstroked the side of his face and he took his good hand and placed it overnhers then bringing it to his lips and kissing the back of it. \"I promise I will join you later.\" \"You don't have to promise anything. I just want you to get well.nYou don't need to come back down at all. In fact, I would prefer it if youndidn't?\" \"Ah, I see, you fancy that young Montego chap. Dark, brooding,nmysterious. You get me out of the way, and the next thing I know he willnbe serenading you on the balcony.\" She smiled, glad to see him calming down and joking, \"He is a boy. Inprefer a man.\" \"You might think differently when you hear him sing.\" \"Is he that good?\" Otis and Leopold exchanged glances and both laughed, \"You will havento judge for yourself, I am afraid. His tonal quality is something thatnhas to be experienced.\" \"Okay, you two. I am going to leave you.\" She shook his finger atnhim, \"Get some rest.\" He began to kiss up her arm, and gradually had her close enough, sonthat he was able to kiss her lips. He them smiled, \"Just something for younto think about while Montego is trying to make a move on you.\" \"Just stop it. You are bad, Leopold.\" \"I thought you rather enjoyed my kisses. Obviously, that one did notncome across as I would have liked, I will have another go.\" He pulled her down towards him again, this time she lost her balancenand was practically on top of him, making sure she was nowhere near hisnright shoulder, he managed to put his all in his kiss, and it left Kate rednfaced, as he let her get up. \"Ah, that was better. I believe that was exactly the reaction I wasnexpecting. You can go now.\" He smiled triumphantly as she stood up andnsighed. She felt lightheaded. The effect he had on her was incredible.nIt never ceased to amaze her. And she liked it that way. Jack had promised Janet a stroll along the Thames, but he was just a bitnpreoccupied. His earlier conversation with Leopold was on his mind. Whatnthe hell was he thinking, saying yes? The thought of stealing anything wasnvery disturbing to him, and stealing from Millard was very disconcerting.nLeopold had promised nothing would jeopardize his position, but it stillnbothered him. Being confronted by Millard, was not a pleasant occurrence.nBut he believed Leopold should see the books. He was sure there wasnsomething hidden in them, and he was pretty sure that Edgar Spencer hadnsomething to do with it. He was pretty confident that once Leopold had theninformation he needed, he would be able to sort out the financial mess, andnmany of his worries would be over. Janet was very aware that his mind was elsewhere, \"Well, that view isnspectacular, to bad the company is floating somewhere in the clouds.\" Jack looked at her surprised, \"Pardon?\" \"Jack, you are a million miles away, it's such a beautiful eveningnand I was so looking forward to this. Do you just want to go back to thenhouse? Maybe you would find the horses company more interesting?\" \"Stop being ridiculous. Of course I don't. I want to be withnyou…always.\" He pulled her closer to him as they walked, and she managed ansmiled. \"I just have a few things on my mind, concerning the work I leftnbehind at Balinor.\" \"I am sure everything is running smoothly, Tom is perfectly capablenof exercising a horse and mucking out a stable.\" \"You know, I might just pop back there in the morning.\" \"Pop back? It's hardly a pop back. It will take you a half a day tonreach Balinor.\" \"Okay, so it takes that long. I could take care of what I need tonand I will be back by midnight.\" \"Why would you do that?\" She was curious. It didn't seem likensomething he would do. \"The blacksmith is coming to shoe some of the horses. Tom will notnknow which ones, I should be there.\" \"I am sure the blacksmith will be able to tell.\" \"Possibly, but I would feel better if I was there. Those horses arenvery important to Leopold and he relies heavily on the care I take to looknafter them.\" \"They are only horses, Jack.\" \"I am going and that is that.\" He said it with much conviction innhis voice. \"Fine, fine, go. Just be careful. You always here about incidentsnon the London road, when men are riding alone.\" \"I have a pistol and what is the likely hood, someone would try andnrob me. I have nothing.\" \"Since when do you carry a pistol?\" \"Leopold thought it was wise, after the incident in the woods. He isncarrying one as well.\" \"Don't even think of telling Kate that. She really has a thing aboutnguns in general. In fact, I don't really like you carrying one.\" He could tell she was worrying and he stopped walking and looked upninto the sky. It was clear, an oddity for London, and the stars werenamazing. \"Look up at the sky.\" She did so, \"I don't think I have ever seen the sky so beautiful, butnthen again I have never been gazing up at it with the most beautiful womannon this earth, that makes all the difference in the world. Look, you cannsee the big dipper, let me show you.\" He stood behind her and took her hand and pointed it towards the sky,ntracing it with her finger, \"Right there, do you see it?\" She was turned looking up at him, and he looked down at her, \"You arenlooking in the wrong direction.\" \"I think I am looking in the right direction.\" He turned her towardsnhim and they kissed. After seeing Janet back to the house, Jack changed into his work togsnand went out in search of someone who had the ability to copy a key. Janetnhad been so curious about his demeanor this evening, that instead of goingnstraight to her room, she followed him. Why was he going out this late?nHe was on foot, and walking extremely fast, but she managed to keep up.nWhere he led her, she was not prepared for. It was a seedy area and drunksnand prostitutes were out on the street, one approached Jack and Janet wasnflabbergasted. This didn't seem like Jack at all, did she really know him?n She watched as Jack and the prostitute carried on for a few minutes, henwas whispering to her, and the next thing Janet knew was she was leadingnhim into the pub. Janet stood there for a while, contemplating thensituation, before it finally hit her, and she ran back to the house inntears. When she entered the house through the backdoor, she could hear musicnbeing played in the front room. The dinner party was still going on, shenwasn't paying attention as she stormed through the house, and ran intonLeopold, who had just descended the stairs. She looked up, \"I am ever sonsorry, your grace. What a clumsy oaf I am?\" He saw tears in her eyes, and took hold of her with his one good arm,n\"Janet, what is it? Why are you crying?\" Kate had heard commotion and came out of the front room. Leopold looked at Kate for some guidance, crying females were a bitnof a mystery to him. Kate came over to their side, and saw the distress onnJanet's face. Janet looked over at Kate. \"They are all the same. Everynsingle one of them. I hate him, Kate. I want nothing to do with him.\" \"Does this have to do with Jack?\" She nodded. \"I followed him tonight after we got back from our walk.nHe has been strange all evening, but we did have a lovely time, but I sawnhim with a prostitute in Soho, just a few minutes ago.\" Leopold knew exactly what was going on, Jack was making arrangementsnfor the key to be copied, \"I am sure you were mistaken, Janet.\" \"I was not.\" She snapped at Leopold. \"Why are men like this? Oh,nwhy am I even talking to you. You are just like the rest of them. Younwould defend him in a minute.\" Margaret came out into the hall, \"What in god's name is going on outnhere?\" Margaret's interruption was all Janet needed, Leopold had loosenednhis grip on her and she raced up the stairs. Both Kate and Leopold looked up the stairs after her. Margaret camento Leopold's side, \"I am so glad you decided to come back down and join us,nI knew you just needed a lie down and you would be fine. The entertainmentnis divine, very relaxing.\" Leopold wasn't too sure, he had heard the Count's son sing, and itnwas off key, but he began to follow his aunt into the front room. He turnednto Kate, \"Will she be alright?\" She had noticed Leopold's expression earlier, and she wondered if henknew what was going on with Jack. They had spoken earlier, before dinner.n\"I'll go talk to her, you go ahead.\" Kate went up to Janet's room, and found her lying on the bed sobbing.nShe sat next to her and rubbed her back, to comfort her, \"Jack does lovenyou, Janet. Maybe Leopold is right, maybe it wasn't what you saw.\" \"I just don't understand. I could give him that, but he wouldn't havenit, and now I find him with a prostitute in Soho. It doesn't make anynsense.\" \"Nothing makes sense around here anymore.\" Kate sighed. \"I thinknbefore you make any conclusions about what you saw, you need to talk tonJack.\" \"I want to believe there are good men, Kate. Really I do, and Inbelieved Jack was one of them.\" \"He is. You shouldn't doubt what you know in your heart to be true.\" \"I shouldn't have said those things to Leopold.\" \"It doesn't matter.\" \"He's not like the rest, is he?\" \"No, he's not, and that is one reason I love him. And Jack isn'tnlike the rest either.\" \"You don't have to sit with me, Kate. You should be downstairs withnthe others.\" \"Actually it's a nice break, the Count's son has the worst sense ofnpitch I have ever heard. His piano playing I guess is okay, but I am sontired of sitting.\" \"Get Leopold to take you out for a walk.\" \"I don't think he is up to it. He had a fainting spell earlier, henreally should be in bed, but I think he felt obligated to be a part of thenfamily.\" \"You seem a bit worried.\" \"I really don't see the wedding happening this weekend. He isnbetter, but I don't think he's up to the excitement. If he would just staynin bed and rest, then maybe but he gets himself all worked up aboutneverything. It doesn't seem like a good time for a wedding.\" \"But the wedding is just what he needs. It will take his mind offneverything.\" \"Do you really believe that? This is Leopold, we are talking about.nI don't think his mind ever shuts down.\" Kate and Leopold managed some time alone, after all the guests hadnleft. Leopold insisted on going out to the yard to check on the horses,nand Kate joined him. When they got to the Yard, Leopold turned towardsnher, and put his free arm around her drawing her close to him, \"I have beennignoring you.\" \"Don't you even worry about me. All I want is for you to get well.\"nShe ran her fingers through his hair and smiled. Kissing him gently. Henreturned this kiss, with much more passion, \"I am getting better.\" \"I can see that.\" She smiled, as he leaned towards her again andnkissed her. He had forgotten about his bad shoulder for a second and as henpressed up against her, he jolted his arm, and he cringed. Stepping backnand gently rubbing his shoulder over the splint. \"Leopold, you have to be careful.\" \"I got lost in the moment, I am afraid. One minute I feel like mynold self and then… the pain is unbearable or I feel lightheaded. It's verynfrustrating.\" \"I was thinking maybe we should postpone the wedding.\" He was surprised, \"No, that isn't a viable option. Unless you arenhaving second thoughts.\" \"What do you think? I want to marry you, just as much today as I didnthe night of the ball when you announced I was to be your bride, but Inthink it will be too much for you. You still have dizzy spells and thenpain in your shoulder is still evident and probably will be for another fewnweeks. It would make sense for you to recover totally from the injurynbefore we take those steps down the aisle.\" \"You are concerned, our wedding night will be uneventful under thencircumstances.\" \"Well, I have to admit that is part of it. We want it to be perfect,nright?\" Leopold smiled and nodded. \"Then we should wait. I know your aunt will have a fit but I thinknshe will understand. It wouldn't have to be long, maybe a few weeks, justnuntil your fully recovered from the ordeal you have been through. What'snanother few weeks, when it took you over 100 years to find me.\" \"I know that is true, but I feel I am letting you down. If Inwouldn't have been such a fool riding into the woods that afternoon, thenneverything would be different. Jack had apprehensions about it and I shouldnhave took more heed in his concerns.\" \"You are okay, that is all that matters to me.\" She snuggled upnagainst him. When he was alone with Kate, everything else seemed soninsignificant. He hated the thought they would have to put the wedding onnhold, when he so desperately wanted to be with Kate every minute. Hisnthoughts were interrupted by someone clearing their throat. They bothnturned and Jack was standing there. \"I just needed to get something. In my saddlebag.\" Kate was ready to scold him, \"You have some explaining to do.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"I am afraid you are in the dog house.\" \"The dog house? I have no idea what you are on about, Kate. What thenhell is a doghouse? Do you actually have such a thing in America forndogs?\" Leopold put his hand to his mouth, trying not to laugh. \"Janet saw you in Soho with a hooker. She followed you.\" \"Damn it. I should've known. This is your fault, Leopold.\" Kate turned to Leopold, \"Really? Your fault? Are you sending Jacknout to find you a little action for the evening?\" \"Certainly not.\" Kate watched the eye contact between them. \"I am not stupid. Something is going on here, and you are going tontell me what it is.\" \"You'll know soon enough, I have no secrets, Kate. Jack is doing mena favor, he is going to Balinor tomorrow to fetch some information Inrequire.\" \"What does that have to do with hookers in Soho?\" Leopold motioned with his hand for Jack to tell her, \"I have to get ankey made, and I figured I would find someone to do it quickly, for thenright amount of money, in Soho. I was right. I am meeting him in a hour.\" \"Key? What key?\" \"Millard's key to his study.\" \"You two are crazy, you'll never get the key.\" \"I already have.\" Even Leopold seemed surprised. \"Leopold, you did a wonderful job inngetting him intoxicated. He was out like a light in minutes. Your auntnasked me for my assistance in getting him up to bed. All I had to do wasnlift the key from his pocket. Easy.\" \"Are you proud of yourself, Leopold? Turning Jack into a pickpocket.\" \"I am a bit concerned that you seemed to enjoy it, Jack.\" \"It was rather exciting at the time, but not now, now that I knownJanet saw me, and believes I was cheating on her. That should sit wellnwith her, after everything I have said to her. But I guess I will deal withnthat in the morning, I have a bloke to meet and I have to get the key backninto your uncle's pocket before morning. This is it, Leopold. I am notndoing you any more favors.\" \"I will pay you considerably.\" \"I am not doing this for the payment. I am doing it because we arenfriends and because I believe your uncle is hiding something…something thatneffects all of us, I knew the day he sent Janet away, something was amiss.\" \"And you never let on?\" Leopold questioned. \"That doesn't matter now, it's time the truth came out, and I thinknthere will be some kind of answer in the books.\" Kate was quiet. She thought about Millard and Jocelyn at the ball,nand the coincidence that Leopold's father once courted Jocelyn. She needednto tell Leopold what she had seen, but the thought of him having anothernsetback concerned her, so she decided it could wait for a few days. When Janet awoke, there was a small bouquet of flowers by her bed, inna vase and an elegantly handwritten note…simple and to the point… Dearest Janet….You have my heart, and every other part of me. I was withnno other last night. I realize all you have is my word. A word I believenis honorable, and hope you believe the same. I have a long journey aheadnof me today, and you will be in my thoughts every step of the way. Uponnmy return around midnight this evening, I would look forward to anrendezvous in the yard with you…..all my love, Jack. Janet quickly got out of bed and ran down the stairs in hernnightdress and out the backdoor to the yard. Jack was just getting onnMerlin, \"Jack, don't leave.\" He was so glad to see her, he immediately jumped off the horse andntook her in his arms, \"Kate told me you saw me in Soho. I have to explain.\" \"No, you don't. I trust you. The note was lovely by the way.\" He kissed her, and held her tight, \"Will you meet me here atnmidnight?\" \"Of course I will. You need to go, please be careful.\" \"I will.\" He gave her another kiss and then got on the horse, \"Inlove you.\" \"I love you too.\" Leopold had another bad night. The dreams were not subsiding, and itnconcerned both Otis and Kate. They didn't wake him that morning and Katendecided on her own, that the wedding would have to be postponed. Thisnwasn't going to be easy. And for Kate, it was extremely difficult. Shenfelt she had waited so long, and due to that bastard Edgar, she was goingnto have to wait longer. She wanted nothing more than to be Leopold's wifenand for them to get on with some kind of normal existence, whatever thatnwas in 1876, even the thought of starting a family had crossed her mindnover the last few days. Something she would never even contemplated anmonth ago. Every day that went by she wondered what new obstacle would benput in the way of her and Leopold ever being together. She felt she wasnbeing tested, but no matter what she was staying strong and true. Shenwould marry Leopold, it was meant to happen. Why else would she havenrisked everything to be with him? She watched Leopold sleep that morning,nbefore going down to breakfast, and these thoughts raced through her head. Otis noticed her concern, \"You look concerned, Miss Katherine.\" \"Oh, Otis, you don't even know. We have decided to postpone thenwedding.\" \"I can't say that I am surprised, I doubt Leopold will be up to thenfestivities. You have made a wise decision.\" \"Have I? Everyday I wonder what is going to happen next, maybenLeopold won't even be around in a few weeks.\" She felt like crying, butnremained strong. She gently kissed Leopold's forehead, and he stirred anbit and then she walked towards the door. Otis opened the door for her, \"You mustn't have those thoughts. Yournlove for him, keeps him going. Without you, he is nothing. I am certainnof that. He has lived an empty life for so long, and now things havenmeaning to him. A few years ago, he would never have questioned thenfinancial state of his family. He let his uncle deal with everything,nwanted no part in it. Kept himself busy with his inventions. He now sees anfuture with you and he is taking an active part in making sure that therenwill be a future. We are all guilty of coddling him, he has a mind of hisnown and he needs to do what he thinks best now.\" \"And what if he gets shot again, or worse killed? I couldn't bearnit, Otis.\" \"One day at a time, miss. And I have no doubt in my mind that younand Leopold will be husband and wife in no time at all.\" \"I hope you are right, Otis.\" She entered the dining room, to find Millard, Margaret and Agnes allnhaving breakfast. Agnes, who was very observant, saw distress in Kate'snface, \"My dear, is everything alright? Isn't Leopold joining you fornbreakfast?\" Kate shook her head, \"No, he had another bad night. He's stillnsleeping.\" \"Oh, my word, this is not good. He really should see a doctor.\" \"No, the wound is healing nicely. No sign of infection whatsoever,nhe is still weak and I am sure last night didn't help matters. He hasnnightmares and is very restless. I think he has a lot on his mind.\" Kate looked over at Millard deliberately and he managed to take hisneyes away from his paper for a few seconds, but didn't like the way Katenwas glaring at him and went right back to it, speaking behind the paper,n\"That boy needs rest and to be left alone.\" Kate knew he was referring to her spending a lot of time with him,n\"You are right, Lord Mountbatten. In fact, I have decided that the weddingnis off for the time being.\" Millard put the paper down abruptly, and Margaret choked on her tea.nAgnes was the only one not surprised. Margaret was not happy, \"My dear Katherine, he will be fine bynSaturday, surely. Everyday he is stronger and regaining some of his color.\" \"This is supposed to be the happiest day in our lives. And he isnstill in so much pain, and tends to get tired so easily, and you saw himnfaint last night. He is in no state to walk down the aisle. I want it tonbe perfect.\" \"All the preparations, dear. Everything is in place for Saturday.\" \"There will be no wedding Saturday. There will be no wedding until Insee that he really is on the mend. When he can sit through a whole meal,nwhen he can get back on a horse, when he is able to have some movement innhis arm without pain.\" \"Have you spoken to Leopold about this?\" \"Yes, and both of us feel, it is the right decision. I am not overlynpleased with it, far from it. I was looking forward to Saturday, but sincenthe accident I haven't been able to think of anything but his health. Henisn't up to it.\" \"You realize what this will look like.\" Margaret was upset, \"It willnlook as though he has called it off and you will be disgraced, Katherine.\" \"I really don't care, what anyone thinks. Leopold and I know whatnthe truth is. The wedding is not off, it is only postponed, and I suggestnyou make sure the papers get that right, Lady Mountbatten, before thengossip starts and you will be embarrassed by this situation, not me. Excusenme, I really don't feel like eating.\" She walked out of the door and Agnes turned to Margaret, \"I know hownimportant this wedding is to you, Margaret, but just look at that girlsnface. It is much more important to her, and postponing it has not been anneasy choice for her. Have a little sympathy.\" Then she turned to hernnephew, \"And you, Millard, I can see that smile. You are hoping that itnnever takes place. Which I can't even understand. That boy has beennhappier in the last month than I have seen him in years, he loves Kate andnthey will be married. I believe I will make sure the press gets thenappropriate information, because your version will be twisted I am sure.\" Then she walked out and Margaret and Millard just stared at eachnother.[Chapter 29] With Jack gone for the day, Janet was feeling restless, and Leopoldnwith very little sleep the night before woke in a bad mood. Kate found thenhouse the last place she wanted to be, so she invaded the kitchen much tonthe cook's disapproval and packed up a picnic and she arranged for thencarriage, and then proceeded upstairs. She entered Leopold's room andnfound him half dressed, complaining about the cold breakfast. He wasnsitting at a small table by the window, \"You need some fresh air.\" He looked up at her, \"I don't feel like going out, I didn't sleepnwell.\" She moved over to him and proceeded to button up his shirt and tienhis tie, Otis brought her a waistcoat, \"Come on, Leopold, help me outnhere.\" She held out the waistcoat so he could put his good arm through onenarmhole. \"Where are you taking me?\" \"Out. I can't bear to be cooped up in this house today, and you arenin such a foul mood, that no one wants to be near you, am I correct, Otis?\" \"Well, I wouldn't say that, exactly, Miss Katherine.\" Otis assistednher with Leopold's waistcoat. \"He is being generous. I heard you have sent back your breakfastntwice already.\" \"All I asked for was something hot, this cook is appalling, shendoesn't have any sense of what a proper breakfast is, let alone how tonprepare it.\" \"You are behaving like a Duke.\" Leopold despised it when she said this and was soon silent. \"So you will cooperate with me?\" \"What choice do I have?\" \"None. Janet and I are taking you out on a picnic, she needs to getnout of the house as well, she is so worried about Jack. And Otis is comingntoo.\" This was obviously a surprise to Otis, \" I need something to cheernme up, after breakfast with your aunt and uncle and informing them that thenwedding is temporarily off.\" \"You told them, without me.\" \"They needed to know, Leopold. Now I can finally enjoy London, sincenyour aunt will not want to be showing me off now. She is not happy.\" \"What harm would it do to just go through with it now. I will benfine.\" \"No. You asked me what kind of wedding I wanted, and I want it to benperfect. There is no way it will be perfect, on Saturday. When you can doneveryday things like sitting through a meal with out feeling dizzy, and getnback on a horse, and hold me in your arms. That is when it will be right,nnot until then. And you know, I wasn't really happy with all the guests.nPeople you don't even know. I know she cut the guest list, but still itnwas crazy. All this pomp and circumstance, well. No offense but it's notnmy idea of a perfect day, a perfect wedding.\" Leopold could tell she was upset about the decision she had made, andnit was eating away at her. \"Well, then, I have my work cut out for me, Inmust get myself well so I can manage to do all those things you ask, so Incan give you a perfect wedding. And I suppose to start, a picnic in thenpark, some fresh air would do me some good.\" She smiled at him, \"Your mood has changed, suddenly.\" He stood up and placed his hand around her waist, \"I want a perfectnwedding too, one you and I will never forget. Of course, for me, I wouldnbe happy reciting my vows out in an open field, with no one for miles. Justnyou and me.\" \"Maybe something in-between, the remote open field and AuntnMargaret's society friends.\" \"I will contemplate the matter thoroughly and see what I can come upnwith. I know you are disappointed about the wedding, and I will doneverything I can to make it up to you.\" He lifted her chin and kissed her gently on the lips, Kate looked upninto his eyes, \"All I want is for you get better. And that means nonworrying, and no more outlandish stunts and getting plenty of rest.\" \"Well, I can see the next few weeks will be completely and utterlynboring, so I will have nothing else to do than plan you the perfectnwedding.\" \"Stop feeling sorry for yourself.\" \"Quite the contrary, I will look forward to sitting idol, it is antask I am not used to but I am sure it will be an experience.\" He saidnsarcastically. \"Will you just put your jacket on and we can go.\" \"Whatever you say, my dear.\" He smiled at her as Otis helped himnwith his jacket. It was a beautiful day and it did them all good to be out of thenhouse. Kate knew exactly where she wanted to go and once the carriagendropped them off at Hyde Park, they proceeded to the boating pond. The daynshe and Agnes had taken that walk here, she had fallen in love with it.nThe stories of Leopold's father and uncle had only given it more meaning,nand Kate had been amazed that she had enjoyed watching children, somethingnshe had never done in New York. Leopold was rather surprised when she hadnOtis lay a blanket not far from the pond. \"You are so concerned about me requiring rest and you have chosen thenmost populated part of the park, with the most activity, I am notncomplaining. Only surprised. Aunt Agnes used to bring me here as a child.nShe would tell me about my father and Millard and all the joyous times theynhad here. Of course I always had the sturdiest boat, but I remember no onenever played with me, and I longed to have a brother. \" She noticed he was deep in thought and she saw the lonely child henhad been and it saddened her. \"We can go somewhere else if you prefer, I just like it here. Incan't explain why.\" \"It's fine, really.\" He watched the children play. Janet tried to change the subject, \"The first time Jack and I werenallowed to play with you, you had just come back from church and you werenall dressed up. Jack and I had been dressed in our finest, which meantnnothing but clean versions of our play clothes. We weren't sure what wenwere supposed to do, and then when we went down behind the stables, younthrew mud at Jack and the next thing we knew we were having mud fights.nAnd you couldn't stop laughing, Jack kept putting big clumps down the backnof your shirt, and you looked a right mess.\" Leopold smiling remembering that day. \"Uncle Millard, picked me up bynmy collar and dragged me into the house, I thought I was going to get anthrashing, but I was given a bath and put to bed and the next day, AuntnMargaret gave me my own set of play clothes. I was thrilled. I must havenbeen close to 10. My aunt allowing me to get dirty and having you and Jacknto play with, was when my childhood actually began.\" \"Kate, you should have been there. Leopold was the instigator ofneverything. He loved to wind his uncle up and Jack and I would be a bitnapprehensive, but Leopold loved being naughty.\" \"I was hardly naughty. I was just being a boy. And this one here,\" henpoked at Janet, \"she was the tattle tell. Jack and I had to start keepingnsecrets from her, because she would run to her mother, and the next thing Inknew Uncle Millard was coming to fetch me, and threatening not to allow mento play with them.\" Janet looked a bit embarrassed, \"Okay, I did tell on you a few times,nI just thought you were going to do something stupid.\" \"Girls.\" Leopold rolled his eyebrows and smiled. \"And what do you have to say about girls, Leopold?\" Kate questioned. \"Absolutely nothing. Girls are wonderful, in fact I would like tonhave a few.\" \"A few? Like how many?\" Leopold remembered the discussion that had occurred about childrennnot so very long ago and did not want to get into it in front of Janet andnOtis. \"I am absolutely famished, since my breakfast was uneatable.\" Henproceeded to open the picnic basket, and Kate shut it. \"You didn't answer my question.\" \"I hardly think it is of any relevance. I obviously cannot predictnthe future. So what I wish is hardly here nor there, and of course I mustntake into consideration that having a child is something that a man andnwoman have equal say in. A decision that they will make together.\" \"You are learning, Leopold.\" \"Can we eat now?\" \"You and Leopold will have beautiful children, Kate. I suppose atnthis time next year, you will have a baby. It will so exciting. I do hopenJack and I don't wait to long to get married, because wouldn't it benwonderful if we had children at the same time? They could play together.\" Leopold was not to sure about this topic of conversation and wonderednhow he could get them away from the subject. Kate was fairly adamant therenwouldn't be a baby right away. But then what Kate said took him totally by surprise, \"A baby in thenspring would be nice.\" Leopold looked at her shocked, \"But, I thought you said…\" \"Maybe I changed my mind. The other day when your aunt brought menhere and told me the stories of your father and Millard, and I watched thenchildren playing out here, I felt something I had never felt before. Inimagined you and I bringing our sons or daughters or both, here. Inpictured you with a little boy on your shoulders and laughing and so happynand teaching him to ride a horse, reading to him.\" Janet listened to this and looked confused, \"But Kate, men don't havenanything to do with babies. That is something a woman does. Men are goodnfor disciplining and getting them schooled.\" She smiled at Leopold, \"I think Leopold isn't like other men, andnfathers should be involved in raising their children.\" Janet laughed, \"You are a dreamer, it won't happen.\" \"Don't you want Jack to have some connection with your child?\" Leopold took hold of Kate's hand, \"Kate, this is a personal matter,nthere is a long way to go, at least in this country, before men will takenfatherhood as you suggest.\" Janet looked at Leopold, \"Would you teach your son to ride a horse ornget on the floor and play with him? I have yet to see a man do any ofnthese things.\" \"I most certainly would do those things, Janet. Kate is correct, I amndifferent. A child needs a mother, but a child also needs a father. It isnnot common practice, but in New York I had the opportunity to witnessnfamilies where the father was as much responsible as the mother in bringingnup their children, it can make all the difference. I will most definitelynbe a part of my children's upbringing.\" He squeezed Kate's hand and shensmiled. And he imagined he and Kate having a child by this time next year,nwhat an amazing thought. This day was turning out much better than he hadnhoped. Having had some wine, Leopold felt very little pain and was enjoyingntheir afternoon. Kate talked about her childhood with Charlie, trying tonmake it fit into the 19th century as best she could, even Otis had tales ofnhis own childhood, but Kate was mostly interested in Leopold's. Both Janetnand Otis had many stories and everything she learned about him made hernlove him more. Leopold began to tire and Kate got him to lay down next tonher, his head in her lap, she ran her fingers through his hair, and itnwasn't long before he fell asleep. Janet and Kate continued to drink andntalk, Otis quietly listened. Kate was really beginning to feel shenbelonged here. Just sitting out here with the people she cared about. Allnthat was missing was Jack, and Charlie. She always thought about Charlie,nbut her memories of him were so strong and the more she talked about him tonothers the stronger they became. He was always in her heart, and he hadnalways wanted to see her happy. She looked down at Leopold asleep in her lap and smiledncontently, she was definitely happy. It was close to 4pm when they arrived back at the house. Leopold hadnslept the whole back in the carriage as well, and although he woke as theynreached the house, he was weary and when they entered the house, he kissednKate's cheek, \"I think I will continue my nap upstairs. Will you join menfor dinner, candlelit, in my room, 8pm?\" \"I would love to.\" \"It was a lovely afternoon, my first picnic since I was a child, Inforgot how enjoyable they could be in the right company.\" \"Well, I will have to make sure we add picnics to your regularnagenda, your grace.' He whispered in her ear, \"If I am not mistaken, I think you arenbeginning to enjoy 1876, Kate.\" \"Yes, I am. And just think how much more I will enjoy it when younare back on your feet.\" She raised her eyebrows. \"I am on my feet now.\" He teased. \"Remember my rules.\" \"Right, rest and recuperate. To bed I must go. But I will see younlater.\" He gave her a kiss before he and Otis proceeded up the stairs. Kate and Janet entered the drawing room where Agnes was sittingnknitting; she looked up, \"How was your picnic, ladies?\" Kate put her arms out and twirled around and then flopped down in anchair, \"Absolutely brilliant. London is so beautiful at this time of year.\" \"You, my dear, have spring fever.\" \"I suppose I do.\" \"And how is Leopold doing?\" \"Everyday I see an improvement. I think the fresh air did him somengood, but he tires so easily. He's gone upstairs for a nap.\" Agnes put her knitting down and picked up an envelope sitting on thentable, \"This came when you were out.\" Kate took the letter from her, and was surprised it was addressed tonher. She opened it and then gasped putting her hand over her mouth, \"Oh,nmy god, what have I done. I totally forgot that I invited the Spencer's forncocktails at 5. And they accepted.\" \"Oh, my dear girl, this is not good.\" \"What were you thinking, Kate? The last person Leopold needs to seenis Lord Spencer.\" Janet added. \"Well, lucky for me, he has gone to bed for a nap.\" \"Do Millard and Margaret know about this?\" \"No.\" Aunt Agnes sat and thought for a minute, \"There isn't a lot we can donabout it now. Janet you will inform Rodney we are having guests forndrinks, and Kate and I will go break the news to Lord and LadynMountbatten.\" \"Maybe they don't have to know.\" \"You are not going to entertain them on your own, that man is not tonbe trusted.\" \"But I won't be alone, you'll be here and Janet.\" \"You can't expect Janet to be present, it will only make her feelnuncomfortable, I am afraid I would be of no assistance if the man causesnany trouble.\" \"In front of his wife? Isn't that highly unlikely?\" \"Kate, this man is capable of just about anything. I will feel muchnmore comfortable with Millard present.\" Kate wasn't too sure about that. They found Millard in the library,nreading the paper, and he was surprised when they entered. \"By Katherine's expression, I assume you are in a predicament thatnneeds my assistance.\" \"Yes, indeed, that is the case I am afraid. Kate, would you like tonexplain the circumstances to my nephew since I don't know the finendetails?\" Kate didn't want to say anything, especially when Millard glared atnher in disgust. \"Go on, Katherine. I don't have all night.\" \"Well, you see, Millicent Spencer came for a visit yesterday and shenseems so lonely, and I just thought it was the proper thing to do to invitenher for cocktails this evening.\" Millard threw the paper on the table and stood up abruptly causingnthe chair to topple over. He walked over to the window and turned, \"Go on,nyou have my full attention.\" \"I forgot about it and I've been out all day, when I returned therenwas a note saying they would here at 5pm.\" \"And by they you mean…\" \"Millicent and Edgar.\" Millard raised his voice,\" Katherine, how could you have possiblyndone such a thing without consulting anyone? And you say you love Leopold,ndoes he know anything about this?\" \"No, like I said, I completely forgot about it and Leopold has gonenup for a nap. He won't even know they are here. I made a huge mistake, Inknow that now, but there isn't anything I can do about it. They will benhere in about a half an hour.\" Millard paced the floor and then turned back to her, \"Well, we willnreceive them into our home I suppose and be as polite as we possibly cannunder the circumstances. Leopold isn't to know about this, do younunderstand. And you will not mention Leopold's accident.\" \"How am I supposed to do that? It is bound to come up innconversation. Should I act like it never happened? Leopold just happens tonbe taking naps in the middle of the day for no apparent reason, oh..and thensling and bandage..what sling? What bandage?\" She was all riled up now. Millard had this effect on her. Agnes put her hand on Kate's shoulder, \"Calm down, dear, of coursenyou aren't going to pretend like it didn't happen. What my nephew meantnwas you won't be bringing up the shooting, or where it happened or whoncaused it. He has never been very good at making himself clear.\" She gavenhim the eye and he turned away from her. \"None of us know what happenednthat day, and accusing Lord Spencer in our house would serve no purpose.\" \"I wouldn't do that.\" \"Of course you wouldn't, and Millard should know that. So I supposenwe should get ourselves ready for guests, Kate you might want to changenyour dress\" Agnes brushed some dirt off the front of Kate's dress andnrubbed at a wine stain on the sleeve, \"The Spencer's will expect you tonlook your finest, they have always been a rather snobby bunch as far as Inam concerned. And that poor Millicent, how she has put up with that familynfor so long is beyond me.\" Agnes looked from her nephew to Kate andnthought this was going to be a disaster, both of them had such fieryntempers and Edgar was so good at making people feel uncomfortable andnsaying things to get under ones skin. They were in for an interestingnevening. Kate changed into a cocktail dress of baby blue silk, not quite asnfancy as an evening dress. Kate found most of the dresses overly ornatenwith trim, but she knew this was the style, and this one wasn't so bad.nJanet helped her with the bow in the back and saw how nervous she was whennshe stood in front of the mirror to put her hair up. Kate could tell bynJanet's expression she was still mad at her. She looked through the mirror at Janet standing behind her, \"I knownyou are mad. I really wasn't thinking again as usual. But I didn't donthis to upset anyone, I guess I thought maybe I could get some answers.\" \"He won't tell you anything. You should know that much about him,noh, unless you pull your knickers down. Sometimes in a heated moment henspurts out something that he shouldn't. Maybe that is what you had innmind.\" She said sarcastically. \"Okay, I deserved that. I am sorry, Janet, really, I know hownterrified you are of him.\" \"You don't really. You can't have any inkling what he has treated menlike. Look, what is done is done. You have to go down there and be thenhostess and be kind and polite, and I am not going anywhere near that roomnwhatsoever, because every time I look at him I wish he was dead, and I wishnI had the nerve to do the dirty deed myself.\" \"You aren't the only one that feels that way.\" \"Then someone should just do it, and that would be the end of it.nWouldn't everyone's lives be better off with him gone?\" \"Janet, talking about it is one thing, but really hating someonenenough to kill them. That is kind of scary.\" Janet was quiet, \"You should go. I think I heard the bell, they arenprobably waiting.\" \"I want to check on Leopold first.\" \"You better hope and pray he doesn't wake up. If Leopold catchesnsight of him in this house, I don't know what he would do.\" \"He would be furious, but there isn't much he could do in his state.nHe isn't going to wake up, the picnic wore him out.\" \"I hope you are right.\" After checking on Leopold, who was out like a light, she entered thendrawing room where Millicent and Edgar were having trivial conversationnwith Margaret, Millard and Agnes. Rodney had served them all a drink, andnactually the atmosphere did not feel tense whatsoever. That concerned herna bit. Edgar stood up as she entered the room, \"Miss McKay, what anpleasure it is so to see you again.\" He headed towards her and took hernhand, bringing it up to his lips and kissed the back of it, as he kissed itnhis eyes looked into hers and Kate did not like what she saw there. Shenhad never seen anyone look that way. It was indescribable. \"I am so glad you could make it, I was saying to Millicent yesterdaynthat we should get together while we were both in London.\" Edgar turned to look at his wife, and Kate realized he had no ideanshe had been here. Millicent cowered and returned to the conversation shenwas having with Margaret. \"My wife ceased to mention her visit, isn't that curious. I don'tnknow what she would have to hide, do you, Miss McKay?\" \"She has nothing to hide, whatsoever. She probably didn't mention itnbecause you are so concerned about her health and that she shouldn't benexerting herself.\" \"You are probably correct. She has only a few months more ofncarrying this child and we don't want to take any chances.\" Millicent overheard this and added, \"I am over the worst, that isnwhat Dr. Clemons said. And I am feeling so much better. Edgar, you evennmentioned how I have regained some color in my cheeks and I am able to keepnfood down.\" \"Millicent, dear, I don't think anyone wants to hear about yourneating habits at this time, it might put them off their dinner.\" \"I am sorry, Edgar.\" Edgar returned his gaze to Kate, \"So how are you finding London? Allnthe parties, it is quite the place. It is to bad you aren't able to enjoynit with Leopold. As I recall, he is quite fond of the theatre and thensymphony. How is the old boy doing by the way? \" Millard moved towards them, \"He is recovering nicely, Edgar, but hentires easily. I am sure he will be disappointed he has missed you today.\" \"I am sure he will be.\" Edgar smiled. Kate walked over to Rodney, the butler, who poured her a glass ofnwine. She quickly swigged it, unlady like and put it down, and he refillednit. She went over to Millicent and sat down. \"You look lovely, Kate. That color suits you.\" \"Thank-you. And you do too.\" \"Oh, please, I look like a beached whale. I can hardly get in andnout of a chair anymore. I was just telling Edgar, I don't really havenanything appropriate for the wedding. He is considering taking me shoppingntomorrow. I bet you are so excited about the wedding.\" \"You don't know.\" \"Don't know what?\" \"We have decided to postpone the wedding until Leopold is better.\" \"Oh, Kate, I am sorry.\" \"There's no need to be sorry. The wedding is going to happen, justnnot this weekend.\" Edgar picked up this bit of information and sat next to his wife,n\"That is a pity. All the preparation going to waste. Maybe Leopold isnhaving second thoughts and is using the accident as an excuse. Of course Inam only joking. I am sure Leopold is devastated.\" Millicent nudged him, \"Edgar, that isn't funny.\" \"Oh, come now, we all should be laughing about it, otherwisenKatherine might start thinking there won't be a wedding at all. And shenhas come all this way for nothing. Of course we have all heard about hisnincident with your companion, Katherine. It is truly shocking.\" Kate felt her blood boiling, \"There was no incident with myncompanion. You are mistaken.\" \"Well, well, I was at the club today and it was all the talk younknow. Obviously someone got it wrong. Of course I didn't question it ,nbecause I am only to familiar with her reputation. You know she tried tonpull herself off as a lady in India. Disgraceful. And to think she almostngot away with it, thank god I was able to inform the gentleman that she wasnno lady at all. He was ever so relieved to find out before the weddingnoccurred. I assume you have let her go.\" \"No, I haven't. She hasn't done nothing wrong.\" \"Can you be so sure?\" Agnes tried changing the subject; \"Tell us about your travels innIndia, Lord Spencer. I am sure you have some marvelous tales to tell.\" Kate sighed and looked at the clock on the mantel, only 15 minutesnhad transpired. She was hoping they would have a dinner engagement andnwouldn't be able to stay long. Leopold awoke close to 6 and realized Otis was not in the room. Henslowly sat up and rubbed his face, he thought about the picnic briefly andnsmiled, what a lovely day it had been. He felt rested and decided to gondownstairs and maybe talk Kate into a game of cards before dinner. WithoutnOtis' assistance he was unable to put on his waistcoat or tie, so he wentndownstairs only in his trousers and shirt, opened at the neck since he wasnunable to button it one handed. It was only family, what did it matter ifnhe wasn't appropriately attired. He took a brush and ran it through hisnhair and splashed some water on his face, before heading down the stairs. When he reached the bottom of the stairs he heard conversation comingnfrom the drawing room and was about to pop his head in when Janet callednhim from the landing. \"Leopold, what are you doing up? He looked back up the stairs at her, she seemed a bit on edge, \"Inthought I would join the others. Is that alright with you?\" He said a bitnsarcastically. \"No, it's not. Kate will be furious. You are supposed to be innbed.\" She came down the stairs and to his side, taking his good arm andntried to steer him back upstairs. But he wouldn't budge. \"I am not going back to bed. I am perfectly fine.\" \"But you could over do it. Remember what happened last night, younfainted.\" He gave her the eye, \"You don't want me to go in there, do you?\" She nervously laughed, \"You are mistaken. Why would I try and keepnyou from going in the drawing room, I just feel you should be resting.nThink about Kate.\" \"I am thinking about Kate and I would like to see her if you don'tnmind.\" \"But she won't be happy about seeing you.\" He pulled his arm out of her grip and she immediately tried to blocknhim, standing in front of the door, \"Please, Leopold, don't go in there. Inam only saying this because you may feel fine now, but I promise you, younwon't feel fine once you open that door. Just walk back upstairs and I'llnget Kate to come and explain.\" He was now getting cross, \"Janet, move aside.\" \"Why won't you listen to me?\" She did as she was asked but feltntears coming to her eyes, as he opened the drawing room door. He was not prepared for the sight he encountered. Edgar Spencernconversing with his uncle and Kate, being charming. He stood there for anfew seconds, and soon the room went silent, as all eyes were on him. Janetnhad gone for Otis and he appeared behind Leopold. \"Your grace, I really don't think you should be up and about. Younhave had much to much excitement already for the day.\" Otis took hold ofnLeopold's arm and Leopold pulled away from him \"Why Otis, I have guests and I have been rude. I will be staying.nPlease get me a brandy.\" Kate and Margaret both stood up. Both of them ready to go to hisnside, but he put up his hand, \"I am fine. Now both of you sit down.\" Henglared at Kate. Did she have something to do with this, he wondered. Otis handed him his brandy, \"Your grace, you are without a tie andnwaist coat.\" Leopold took the glass, and Otis proceeded to button up hisnshirt, \"These are old friends, Otis, I am sure they won't mind my lack ofntie and waist coat. Isn't that right, Edgar.\" Edgar loved this. He was always in for a confrontation with Leopold.n \"I will not be offended, Leopold. I must say I am surprised at how wellnyou look. An accident like you have had, can keep a man down for weeks.\" \"Not much can keep me down, Edgar.\" \"I can see that. So it is only a graze to the shoulder. You werenlucky.\" \"Incredibly.\" Kate watched both of them. It was as if there was no one else in thenroom. Both of their eyes glued on the other. \"So what brings you to London?\" \"Just needed to get away. Nice change of pace, don't you think? Butnthen I guess you wouldn't know since your injury has kept you in bed thenlast few days. I am surprised that you would even contemplate the journeynhere with that kind of injury. Wouldn't it have been much safer to stay atnBalinor and recuperate?\" \"Safer? I wouldn't use that choice of words under the circumstances.n I have always felt safe riding in the vicinity of my own home, and now Infind that is hardly the case. You must have heard the shot, Edgar. Beingnon your property.\" \"Leopold, I have already been accused by your groomsman of deliveringnthe nearly fatal blow, are you accusing me as well?\" \"I wouldn't think of accusing you. You are a guest in my family'snhouse, that would be highly ill mannered of me, wouldn't you say? Incouldn't help but notice you called it a nearly fatal blow. So you believenit was deliberate, not an accident?? \"I only meant, that the bullet was merely inches from taking yournlife. I can't think of anyone that would want you dead, you are such ancharming well loved man.\" He said with a twist of sarcasm in his voice. Millicent managed to push herself up off the sofa, \"Please, stopnthis, both of you. I can't bear to speak of shooting, and killing. Whyndoes it have to be this way? Why can't the two of you make amends? He hasndone nothing to you, Edgar. And you continue to be vicious and cruel. Inhave had enough.\" Everyone was surprised by her outburst. She was alwaysnso quiet and timid. Edgar turned his attention towards her. \"Millicent, sit down and be quiet.\" He said firmly. \"I will not. You say you care about my health and this baby, thennwhy do you continue to act in such a manner that upsets me so. The doctornin India said the miscarriages were caused by stress. And I can't possiblynthink what might have caused that stress, can you, Edgar?\" Edgar was not used to her outbursts and for the first time he hadnnothing to say. \"Well, let me refresh your memory. The first miscarriage occurred onnthe boat to India, once we had fled England so you would not be connectednwith the murder of that maid.\" \"Millicent, if you know what is good for you, you will stop babblingnnow.\" \"Surely you must remember that Edgar. The second miscarriagenoccurred when you began to gamble, and we nearly lost everything. Yournmother pulled you out of that one. And the third miscarriage, when youndecided that you needed to ruin that poor girls life. I am in no doubtnthat you had already begun to destroy it many years ago. Isn't that whynshe was sent away, ,Lord Mountbatten?\" Millard seemed a bit flustered, \"I have no idea who you are speakingnof Lady Spencer.\" Janet was standing by Otis's side and tried to back out of the room. \"I am speaking of Janet Collins, Kate's personal companion. Wasn'tnshe sent away because she was carrying Edgar's child?\" Leopold looked shock and turned to her, she immediately bowed hernhead in shame and she began to cry, then ran out of the room and upstairsnto her room. He then turned to Edgar, \"You bastard, she was a child.\" \"She was hardly a child, she wanted it much more than I. Ask her, ofncourse she would have preferred you, but at the time you were mesmerized bynmy wife, isn't it interesting that we have very similar tastes, Leopold andnhave shared women.\" Leopold went for him and grabbed his lapels, and Edgarnsmiled. \"You don't have the guts to hit me, Leopold.\" \"You don't think so?\" He looked as if he was ready to swing. Kate went to his side, \"Leopold, this won't solve anything, and younare in no condition to fight anyone.\" \"Listen to her, Leopold, I wouldn't want you to have a setback whennit is so obvious you are recovering so well.\" Frustrated he let him go, and took a deep breath. He didn't likenbeing out of control and that is what was happening. He felt the pain innhis shoulder and started feeling fatigued again. Kate put her arm aroundnhim to support him. He turned to his uncle, \"This is the truth?\" \"We will discuss this later, Leopold.' He then turned to Millicent, \"You have known this all along?\" \"I had an idea.\" \"We were courting then and you never mentioned it to me?\" \"You were away at university, I heard rumors, and the next thing Inknew she was being sent away. So I assumed that was the reason. I knew itnwas the truth when she showed up in India, and Edgar was determined to makenher life miserable. She was his mistress for 6 months.\" Leopold was outraged, \"6 months? I know Janet well enough, that thenonly way this could possibly be the case would be because you were holdingnsomething over her head.\" \"Millicent doesn't know what she is talking about, Leopold. She wasnnot well and in bed most of the time.\" \"You didn't think I knew what was going on? I could tell you whatnevery one of them looked like Edgar, every one of your mistresses. And Input up with it, that's what a good English wife does. What choice did Inhave? I had to think of Charlotte, and what would become of us if I leftnyou.\" \"You would never leave me. Remember that is my child, and I havenrights.\" \"I couldn't even think about leaving you now. I have nothing. Younand your mother have seen to that. Charlotte and I are totally dependentnon you; I have no living relatives except for your family. I am sure yountook this into consideration when you took me for your wife, everything mynfamily owned became yours.\" Millicent felt faint, and put her hand to hernhead, Margaret was by her side and helped her back to the sofa. \"Katherine, I think it might be a good idea to take Millicent up to yournroom for a lie down.\" Margaret said. She looked at Leopold; he motioned for her to go ahead. She really didn'tnwant to leave but went over to Millicent and took her arm, \"LadynMountbatten is right, Millicent, you need to lie down.\" \"I shouldn't be getting upset. It's not good for the baby.\" Shenstarted to cry. \"I don't know why I even care. It's not likely to survive,njust like the others. And I am sure all of you are wondering how I couldneven possibly want to have his child.\" Kate put her arm around her \"It's going to be alright.\" As Kate walked past Edgar she glared at him and he responded, \"Thisnis your doing, Miss McKay. You have been putting wild ideas into mynwife's head that no civilized sane Englishwoman would ever evenncontemplate.\" \"All I can say, it is about time somebody did.\" She stopped in frontnof Leopold, \"Please don't be foolish.\" \"Kate, who was foolish? I assume you invited them here.\" \"I can explain.\" \"We will discuss this later, please see to Millicent, she doesn't looknwell.\" Kate hated when he looked at her like this, and whenever he saidnthey would discuss it later, it meant he was mad. But he had every rightnto be, she had really screwed up this time. She then proceeded to escortnMillicent out of the drawing room and upstairs. Edgar swigged down a scotch and turned back to Leopold, \"I really amnenjoying this evening immensely, Leopold. You do know how to make yournguests feel right at home. I love a good party with crying, fainting,nyelling and accusations.\" Margaret put her hand on Millard, hoping he would do something. Shenwhispered to him, \"Do something, Millard. This is getting out of hand.\" \"Maybe it's time the two of them had words. I suggest you take AuntnAgnes into the study, it could get nasty.\" Millard normally would donanything to keep them apart but it seemed to late. He was giving in. She wasn't so sure about this, but she did as she was told. Leavingnthe drawing room to the men, she whispered to Otis on her way out, \"Watchnout for them, Otis.\" \"I will do my best, my lady.\" But he was not sure about anythingneither. Kate got Millicent to lie on her bed, and propped up the pillows fornher, giving her a glass of water. \"I am so sorry, Kate. I don't know whatncame over me.\" \"Raging hormones I suppose. I have heard pregnancy can make them gonall over the place. You have nothing to be sorry about. Everything younsaid needed to be said.\" \"You think I am crazy to stay with him.\" \"What I think doesn't matter. You are the one that has to live withnhim and you must see something no one else does.\" \"I loathe him. Much like all of you do.\" Kate looked a little surprised. \"I can't leave him. He is right. I have nothing. No family, andnCharlotte and I would be out on the street with nowhere to go.\" \"That isn't true. You have friends. Leopold and I for one, we wouldnnever let anything happen to you.\" \"You are suggesting I leave him.\" \"He is horrible to you. And to put you through another pregnancynunder the circumstances is despicable.\" \"I do want this baby, Kate. I don't know why. But there was oncensomething, ever so slightly, before Charlotte was born. I thought maybe henloved me, and he was sweet and there was a touch of kindness…but then henturned and I don't know. I don't know anything. I don't know why he hatesnLeopold so much. I have never truly understood that. I used to think itnwas just jealousy. He wanted me because Leopold had me, but then he had menand he still hated him. He hated that he was smarter and handsomer andnkinder and richer…everything. \" \"I don't understand it either. But Edgar knows how to get to him. Donyou think he would even contemplated anything with Janet if it wasn't fornthe fact she was close to Leopold?\" \"Did you know about Edgar and Janet?\" \"Only about the first time.\" Kate was a bit concerned about her, andnMillicent sensed this. \"I will be fine here, you should go find her. She seemed verynupset.\" \"Yeah, she could probably use a shoulder to cry on. I seem prettyngood at that lately.\" \"You are a kind person, Kate. Leopold's very lucky to have found you.n I know the postponement of the wedding isn't easy for you.\" \"I am use to little upsets. It's no big deal. But I would just likento get married before something else happens.\" \"Like what?\" \"Nothing, anything. It doesn't matter. You rest and I'll be back.\" Janet had run to the yard and sat with Merlin. Just being near thenhorses, made her feel like she was closer to Jack. Kate found her therencrying. When Kate walked in, Janet looked around, \"Is he gone?\" \"No, he's not. I don't know what's going on now. Millicent nearlynfainted so I took her upstairs. I assume they are about ready to duke itnout.\" \"You don't seem concerned.\" \"I am past that. Tonight has been an eye opener and to think I amnthe cause of it all. I sure know how to plan a cocktail party, don't I?\" Janet managed to smile a bit, \"I should have told you about India.\" \" I had an idea, I just didn't realize it lasted so long.\" \"Please don't tell Jack. He knows something went on, but if he knewnall of it, I think he would think differently about me.\" \"You have to tell him. He doesn't care about who you were, he willnunderstand that you didn't have a choice.\" \"You don't believe that do you?\" \"I don't know how anybody could allow that man to manipulate them.nBoth you and Millicent. But I am not you and I am not here to judge you.nYou did what you felt you had to.\" Janet knew more than she was suppose to know and she desperatelynwanted to tell Kate, but she had no proof that it was true. Things she hadnonly recently pieced together from snippets of information Edgar hadnrevealed to her while bedding her. She had put them aside, believing theyncouldn't possibly be true, but the more that happened between Leopold andnEdgar, the more it seemed plausible. But she needed concrete evidence,nbefore she said a word to anyone. \"I made a lot of mistakes, Kate, but Jack is giving me a secondnchance, and I hope that I can live up to the person he believes I am. Thisnwhole Edgar mess, I just want it to be over.\" There were those words again. Kate had this gut wrenching feelingnthat Janet really meant them. And it frightened her. To hate someone wasnone thing, but to really think about killing them, was another. The room was silent. Neither one refused to sit or take their eyesnoff the other. Millard and Otis stood back, Millard another drink in hand,npoured one for Otis, \"You might need this.\" \"I couldn't possibly, someone in this group needs to be sober.\" \"I suppose you are right on that account, Otis.\" Edgar began to relax now that the ladies were gone, he smiled, \"Nownyou can say whatever you like, Leopold. I know you have been dying to allnevening.\" \"What I would like to do is plummet you into the ground, but becausenI am a gentleman and one armed at that, I will refrain from doing so. ButnI am sure you can answer many of my questions.\" \"I probably could, but that doesn't mean I will. I owe you nothing.\" \"What are you holding over Janet?\" Edgar laughed, \"That is a good one. Nothing, absolutely nothing.nThe woman wanted money; I paid her Leopold, just like a whore. That is whatnshe is; you should hear the talk at the club. No one can believe younactually hired her for Katherine's companion, how very unsuitable for thenfuture Duchess of Albany. And then to top it off, you actually bed thenwoman yourself.\" \"I have not. That is a lie.\" \"I knew you would say that. But I have it on good authority that younhave.\" \"I believe I would know if I had.\" Leopold found this amusing,n\"Whoever your source is, is highly mistaken.\" \"You have thought about it.\" \"That is no business of yours.\" \"I take that as a yes.\" \"Thinking and doing are not the same thing whatsoever.\" \"I tend to agree with you on that one. Well, if my sources arenwrong, then I will apologize, since I am a gentleman and I can admit when Inam wrong.\" \"Ha. That is a good one. You are no gentleman.\" \" So you will not except my apology?\" \"You have already spread the rumor, the damage is already done. Notnthat it matters in the slightest what the members of the club think aboutnme and my sexual escapades.\" \"The Pure virginal Duke of Albany, that is what they called you. Sonyou can imagine the amusement they found in you bedding a servant.\" \"I don't give a damn what they call me.\" \"You are an odd one, Leopold. Maybe there was some mix up and younaren't really the Duke, some freak incident occurred and your mother wasnhanded you after she had given birth and the real Duke was taken away andnis living in poverty somewhere, not even knowing his true parentage.\" \"What a story teller you are.\" \"You are nothing like your parents at all.\" \"And you knew my parents? Edgar, what you know about my parentsncomes from your mother, and I am sure her view of them is tarnished by thenfact my father chose my mother over her.\" Millard rose from his seat, and Leopold noticed his expression wasnone of shock, \"Yes, Millard I know.\" \"What do you know?\" Edgar looked at Millard and they exchanged glances, Leopold noticed.n\"Something is going on here. Millard, what is it?\" \"I thought it best you didn't know about Lady Spencer's involvementnwith your father.\" \"Involvement? Otis told me it was nothing.\" \"What I actually meant was brief courtship. Otis is right, it wasnnothing.\" Edgar smiled and looked at Millard, \"That isn't how my mother sawnit.\" \"And how did your mother see it, Edgar? She would drink and make anfool out of herself. What she believes she saw were images being conjurednup by the drink. It was your father who saved her, and you should knownthat. She had become a laughing stock as far as being an acceptablenmarriageable young woman. Anything she has ever said to you about herncourtship with my brother is false.\" Millard felt proud of himselfnrecovering so nicely from a situation that could have become a disaster.nHe gave Edgar a warning look and Edgar changed the subject. \"Well, I suppose that put me in my place. But you know how sons feelnabout their mothers, Leopold.\" He said digging, knowing that Leopold nevernreally got over his mothers violent death. \"I would do anything for her.\" \"Ah, maybe she wants me dead.\" \"My mother doesn't like you, that is true, I suppose you remind hernof your father, but she would never wish death on, even you. You arenparanoid. Are you going to accuse everyone in my household of trying tonkill you?\" \"That is a possibility, yes.\" \"Maybe you should look in your own household for answers. Younbelieve your servants find you such an incredible employer, but what do younreally know about any of them. And I would start with that groomsman.\" Leopold laughed, \"He was riding with me. He could hardly of shot me.nIt came from the other direction.\" \"You don't think he could have mates who would give it a go. He hasnevery reason, the only woman he has ever wanted wants you.\" \"That situation has been sorted out, and they are to be married.\" \"Oh, yes, I have heard. How romantic. She is using him to get tonyou, no doubt.\" \"You know nothing about the situation.\" \"And you believe you know all. You are so naïve and so undeservingnof the title that is yours. Even I could make a better Duke, it's no wondernyour family is going bankrupt. I don't believe you have ever even raisednthe rent on your tenants, because you are so kind.\" He said sarcastically.n\"And the wages you manage to give your own staff, are outrageous. As anDuke you should be setting examples, not causing other landowners andnemployers grief.\" \"Causing you grief is what you mean. I treat my employees withnrespect and in return they provide excellent service, I believe they shouldnbe rewarded accordingly. My tenants are no concern of yours as is mynfamilies financial difficulties.\" Leopold pulled out his watch, \"My, my,nhow the time has flown, and I am sure you have a previous engagement forndinner this evening. I wouldn't want you to be late.\" \"You are throwing me out.\" \"That is exactly what I am doing.\" \"You are no match for me, Leopold.\" \"Are you threatening me, Edgar?\" \"I am only stating a fact. I would be careful if I were you. Inwould watch your busy body fiancé and her companion, keep them both farnaway from me, and away from my wife.\" \"There will be no problem of keeping either one of them away fromnyou, as for your wife, she seems to have a mind of her own and can make hernown decisions of the company she keeps. I will strongly encourage Kate tonremain friends with her, it seems to be doing Millicent a lot of good.\" \"I am warning you, Leopold. Keep her away from Millicent.\" \"That sounds like a threat.\" \"Take it anyway you want, and stay away from my property. I wouldn'tnwant you to have another accident, next time you might not be so lucky.\" He started walking past Leopold and turned to Otis, \"Fetch my wife,nimmediately.\" Kate had just opened the door, and didn't like Edgar's demeanor. Shenimagined him slapping her around, so she lied, \"She's asleep. I think younshould let her stay here, and I will make sure she gets home safelyntomorrow. Surely, you don't want anything to happen to the baby.\" It was obvious this was a dilemma for him. On one hand, he didn'tnwant her anywhere near Kate, but the baby was so close now, about 2 monthsnand it really looked as though the pregnancy was going well. \"I will allow her to stay, but I will send my own carriage for hernfirst thing in the morning. If I find any evidence of you filling her withnyour fancy American ideas, Miss McKay, I will not be pleased.\" Leopold jolted towards him and once again held him by the lapels ofnhis shirt. Edgar was much smaller than Leopold, and even with one hand, henwas no match for Leopold's strength. \"What have I told you aboutnthreatening my fiancé?\" He then pushed him back, and Edgar stumbled ontonthe ground, Kate couldn't help but snicker. She had never had anyone fightnover her before. \"Pick yourself up, Edgar and get out of my house.\" Otis was about to help him and Leopold pulled him back, shaking hisnhead. \"Leave him. He does not acquire assistance, do you Edgar? You cannjust crawl out the door, if it would be easier for you.\" Edgar stood up, turned briefly giving Leopold an evil look and thennleft. Once he was gone, Leopold sat down on the sofa, clutching hisnshoulder. The effort he had made when he pushed Edgar was taking its toll.n Kate went to his side, but wasn't sure how he was going to react to her.nHe didn't say anything at first, just let out of sigh. \"I hope you arenpleased, Kate, with your little cocktail party.\" \"Leopold, I know that I have really messed up, I wasn't thinking.\" \"What's done is done. One good thing has come out of it, thenpossibility Millicent will now come to her senses and leave him, and I nownknow some of the truth. Things that have been kept from me far to long.nWouldn't you say so, uncle?\" \"Everything I have ever done…\" Leopold finished the sentence, \"you have done to protect me, I know.n Well, I don't want to be protected anymore by any of you. Including you,nKate.\" \"When have I tried to protect you?\" \"Tonight. If I wouldn't have woken, I doubt you would have even toldnme about your guests.\" \"I just felt that you would get all worked up, and I was right younhave.\" \"You wanted answers, didn't you?\" \"We all want some answers, Leopold.\" \"And we received none. If he is responsible for the shooting, henwill never admit it and we will never have proof..\" \"So you are saying forget it.\" \"I don't know what I am saying, I am tired and in pain, and mynperfectly lovely day has been spoiled by that beast in my home, shamingnJanet, causing his own wife to pass out from fatigue and stress, and oncenagain threatening both of us. I rack my brain day in and day out wonderingnwhat I have ever done to deserve such hatred from a man. And there are nonanswers. The man is insane, and he is capable of just about anything. Younhave to promise me, Kate, you will stay away from him at all costs.\" The way he looked into her eyes frightened her, they were full ofnconcern and anger, \"I promise and what about Millicent? Leopold, you can'tnsend her back to him. I don't even want to think what he would do to her.\" \"He will do nothing as long as she is carrying his child.\" \"She hates him.\" \"Kate, stay out of it. Of course, we will be there for her, if shenneeds us, but unless you want him coming in here and doing god knows whatnto you or Janet or any other member of this household, she will have to gonback to him.\" He took her chin in his hand and lifted it so their eyes met, \"I cannonly do so much, Kate. I have to look after you and the rest of my familynfirst; I will not let him harm any of you. Keeping Millicent here is nonanswer at this time. It will only provoke him. I am not prepared fornthat. You understand?\" She nodded and began to cry, \"I am so sorry. I never meant for thisnto happen.\" \"I know.\" He held her against him and stoked her hair. Looking pastnher at Millard, who was looking a bit sheepish. Margaret and Agnes hadnjoined them and the room was solemn. He tried to lighten it up, \"I don'tnknow about anyone else, but I am famished. What wonderful concoction hasncook prepared for our taste buds this evening?\" Kate looked up at him, \"You hate her food.\" \"But part of the fun is trying to guess how she will ruin thenevenings meal.\" Margaret spoke up, \"She said dinner would be ready in a half hour.\" \"Plenty of time to go see to Janet. Will you join me?\" Kate wasn't so sure about that idea, \"I don't know Leopold. I thinknshe wants to be alone. And it wouldn't hurt you to have a rest.\" \"I doubt I will be able to rest after what just transpired in herenthis evening. I feel I need to speak to her. It's important.\" Kate helped him up and they proceeded to the yard, where Janet hadnremained when Kate had left her. Kate was glad to see her in better spirits, she was humming andnbrushing Merlin's mane. Jack had taken Madrid, since he was the faster ofnthe two horses. She was startled when she heard the door open and Leopoldnand Kate stood before her. \"He's gone?\" She looked up at Leopold. \"Yes, he's gone.\" \"Good. Kate says you were going to punch him.\" Leopold smiled, \"I didn't actually punch him, but I threw him to thenfloor.\" \"I would've loved to have seen that.\" \"It was quite good, wouldn't you say, Kate.\" \"Leopold was showing off. Mr. One armed muscle man. But it wasngood. Edgar was crawling on the floor.\" She lowered her head, \"I am so sorry, Leopold. Things are being saidnabout me and it looks bad on you and your family. And you have always donenso much for me.\" She was on the verge of tears. He moved closer to her and put his arm around her, she buried hernhead in his chest, \"I don't care about any of that. You are part of mynfamily, Janet. I hate to think what that bastard has done to you. And Inswear it will never happen again. I will not allow him anywhere near mynhome again, you are safe.\" Leopold wanted to believe that, but he had angut wrenching feeling that this was only the beginning, and he had a hellnof a lot of responsibility on his hands. But right now, was making Janetnfeel comfortable. \"Everything Millicent said is true, I never meant for any of it tonhappen. Edgar knew that I was up against a wall. I had no way to get backnto England, nothing after I left the Earl's services with no references. Inlet it happen, so it makes me a common prostitute. You know, after Edgar…\"nshe felt it hard saying it, \"was finished with me, I would be sick. Everyntime. It was disgusting, and I allowed it to happen and Jack doesn'tnknow. How can I possibly tell Jack?\" \"Sometimes, Janet, we do things because we feel we have no choice,nyou were desperate and felt it was your only option. Jack needs to bentold, but we don't need to think about that this evening. You will comeninside and join us for dinner.\" \"No, I couldn't possibly. Your aunt and uncle. I don't think I cannface them. I feel so ashamed. I will just stay here and wait for Jack.\" \"Janet, he will be very late, and it's starting to get cold. I can'tnhave you sitting out here. I won't take no for an answer. You will sitnbeside Kate and myself at dinner, and I promise you my aunt and uncle willnnot say a word about any of this.\" Kate put her hand on Janet's shoulder; \"We can play cards afterndinner, as well. Beat the pants off Leopold and Millard.\" Janet managed a smile. Kate handed her a handkerchief and she wipednthe tears. \"Most employers would have fired me on the spot, but then Inguess most employers would never have hired me in the first place with nonreferences.\" \"And you have forgotten one other thing, most employers aren'tnLeopold.\" Kate added. \"Alright, you two, I love the flattery but it really isn't justified.nI am hardly some saint. Just a man trying to do the right thing. Oftennnot knowing what that is.\" \"You are doing a pretty darn good job.\" Leopold wished he could agree with her. He only knew what his familynand friends meant to him and he would do anything in his power to keep themnfrom being hurt. After tonight, he realized what a huge responsibility henwas taking on, but he was determined to make things right.[Chapter 30] Leopold managed to hold the family together through dinner. He wasndetermined not to let Edgar's visit ruin their entire evening. Millicentnjoined them, and although Leopold was feeling rather weary from the day'snevents he did a fairly good job at keeping everyone's mind off Edgar.nAfter dinner they retired to the drawing room, where Millard and Leopoldntook on Kate and Janet at a game of cards. Once again, there was laughternin the air. Millicent actually felt happier than she had in ages. She satnat the piano and played a Chopin ballade, while Margaret and Agnes sat onnthe sofa enjoying the music and the laughter and conversation from Leopoldnand the others. \"Kate, you and Janet are cheating.\" \"Stop being a spoiled sport, Leopold. Just because you are losing.\" Millard threw his cards down, \"I am out.\" They looked at Leopold, whonfinally did the same. \"I want a rematch.\" \"Are you sure? We are on a roll.\" \"That was a warm-up, ladies. I wouldn't be too confident just yet. Younhaven't seen what I am capable of, the tricks I have up my sleeve.\" He looked over at Millicent, who had relaxed immensely since dinner andnwas smiling. He even saw a glimpse of the young woman he had once known.nThe thought of sending her back to Edgar in the morning was something henwasn't looking forward to. He tried to put that thought out of his mind,nand just be thankful that she was smiling again. Kate snapped her fingers in front of him, \"Leopold, are you with us?\" \"Right, of course, be prepared ladies, because your luck is over.\" Henpicked up his cards. Kate knew he was doing all of this for everyone's sake. He was trying tonhold them all together, and it was working. She turned to look atnMillicent, and she smiled over at Kate. Leopold did not want to send hernback to Edgar. Kate then looked at Janet, who was laughing and joking withnMillard of all people, it was hard to believe a few hours ago, Edgar hadnbeen in this room, and making everyone's life miserable. Leopold justnwanted to make everyone happy. She could see how tired he was, but shenknew that he would be the last one to bed. He felt responsible. Jack had made record time on Mordrid, and arrived back in London shortlynafter llpm. He was in a good mood; he had been successful in acquiring thenbooks, without any suspicion from any member of staff and knew Leopoldnwould be pleased. He had stopped at pub on the way back, so he was anlittle giddy, and he was looking forward to seeing Janet. He took care ofnMordrid and then headed for the house. He was surprised when he heardnlaughter coming from the drawing room, it was rather late. He knocked onnthe door before entering and found an incredible sight. Millard was at thenpiano, playing some parlor song and Janet was laughing and singing at thensame time. Kate was on the sofa, with Leopold lying down, his head in hernlap, and he was nearly in stitches laughing. And then there was Millicent,nwhat she was doing there Jack had no idea, but she too was laughingnuncontrollably. Janet saw him first, \"Jack.\" She ran to his arms and Millard stoppednplaying. Jack took her in his arms and twirled her around. Leopoldnmanaged to sit up with Kate's help. \"You have missed all the fun, Jack. I will fill you in.\" Leopold wanted tontalk to him on his own, \"We can go upstairs to my room.\" Janet held onto his arm, \"Oh, no, stay, Jack, please.\" Millicent sighed and let out a yawn, \"It's getting late. I think I willnretire. The baby is incredibly active tonight, wears me out. But that's angood sign.\" Jack looked questioningly at her, \"You are staying here, Lady Spencer?\" Leopold took him by the arm, \"Like I said, I will fill you in. Janet, youncan catch up with Jack later.\" \"But we had a date at midnight.\" Leopold raised his eyebrows as he looked at Jack, \"Really, now. What kindnof date do you have at midnight?\" \"Actually Jack called it a rendezvous.\" Janet had had a little too muchnwine. Jack blushed, as Janet nuzzled up to him. Kate got up to help Millicent and kissed Leopold's cheek as they started tonwalk out the door, \"I don't want you up late.\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" He said sarcastically. \"Leopold, you promised me.\" \"Rest and Recuperation. I haven't forgotten.\" He gave her a quick kiss,n\"Stop looking so worried.\" \"You did a wonderful thing tonight.\" \"I can hardly take credit for this evening.\" \"Stop being so modest. You managed to take everyone's mind off of whatnhappened earlier. Millicent looks radiant, and Janet…well, she was evenngetting along with your uncle.\" \"If I can cause some bit of happiness in their lives then I suppose I canntake some credit, but I just felt I had to do something. I am not going tonallow that man to take away everything.\" She smiled at him, \"I better get Millicent settled.\" \"Take Janet with you, she has obviously had to much to drink and I reallynneed to talk to Jack in private.\" Kate managed to pull Janet off Jack, \"Come on, you're rendezvous with Jacknwill have to wait till tomorrow. You need to go to bed.\" \"You are spoiling my fun, Kate.\" Jack gave her a kiss, \"Kate is right, I will see you later.\" She looked at him pleadingly, \"Later tonight?\" \"Janet!\" Jack was embarrassed, as Kate dragged her out of the room. Agnes and Margaret had gone to bed earlier and Millard stood in front ofnJack and Leopold, wondering what was so important, that they needed tontalk. \"So Jack, I was told you were at Balinor today, out of curiositynwhat was so urgent for you to rush there and rush back in one day?\" Jack looked at Leopold for guidance, \"Well, sir…\" he was at a lost fornwords. Leopold piped in, \"I requested some drawings I was working on. I am innhopes to see a gentleman about my patent tomorrow, uncle, that is one ofnthe reasons that I needed to be in London. In all the chaos that occurrednbefore we left, I forgot to bring them. Jack was kind enough to offer tonfetch them for me.\" Millard looked at both of them suspiciously, something was going on. Henwas sure of it. \"Well, I should be turning in now, tomorrow is the bigngala at Windsor and I am sure your aunt will be fussing all day, about onenthing or another. I rather enjoyed this evening, Leopold. It was lovelynto hear laughter in the house again.\" \"Yes, it was. And you were quite marvelous on the piano. I haven't heardnyou play in years.\" \"No time for that nonsense, I am afraid.\" \"Make time, uncle. Life if too short.\" \"I suppose you are right, well, goodnight. And Leopold, I don't want younup at all hours, you have already been through enough today.\" \"I know, I need rest, uncle. And I will have it, don't worry. Otis andnKate will be on my back if I don't.\" Millard left the room and Leopold turned to Jack, \"Did you get them?\" \"I did, they are in my saddlebag. \" He held it up. \"Good, I want to have a look at them now. I think it would be best if wendid this in my room. I don't want anyone snooping about.\" \"You look awfully tired, maybe this should wait till morning.\" \"I am tired. I will fill you in on the events of the evening, but I am notngoing to bed till I have a chance to look the books over. This is toonimportant.\" \"Alright. Whatever you say. You are in charge.\" Once in Leopold's room Jack got the books out and laid them on the table bynthe window. Leopold sat and opened the book, skimming his finger of thenpages looking for anything that looked suspicious. Jack stood over him,n\"How can you make heads or tails over those chicken scratches?\" \"Granted, Millard has appalling bookkeeping skills, but I think I will seena pattern of some kind.\" The door opened, with no knock and Leopold turned abruptly, it was Kate andnJanet. He put his head in his hand and sighed. \"Did you ever hear ofnknocking?\" \"If we would've knocked you wouldn't have let us in.\" \"You are probably right. What are you doing here anyway?\" \"Curiousity.\" \"Kate, I will inform you of my findings in the morning.\" \"Well, you don't have to do that, because I have no intention of leavingnyou right now.\" Janet had managed to find her way over to Jack and was nuzzled up againstnhim, \"And she is a distraction.\" Leopold added. Jack smiled, finding it a very nice distraction after the long ride fromnBalinor. \"Oh, come on, Leopold, let them stay.\" Kate had already pulled up a chair next to him and was examining thenaccounts. \"My god, I thought you said he was efficient. This is horrible.nHe has stuff written all over the place. Probably on purpose to confusenanyone who even looked at them.\" Leopold was a bit flustered. He shut the book and looked at her. She knewnthat look of annoyance. She sheepishly smiled, \"Sorry. I will keep my mouth shut.\" He then glared at Jack and Janet who were involved in a passionate embracenoblivious to anyone else. Her skirt was lifted up showing bear leg, and hisnhand practically up the back of her dress. He cleared his throat, and Jacknlooked up and pulled away from her. \"Sorry, I didn't hear what you said.\" \"I didn't say anything.\" He sounded cross. \"Maybe all of you should leave,nsince none of you seem to be taking any of this serious.\" Janet moved away from Jack to the other side of the room, she hated whennLeopold raised his voice. \"I will stay out of the way, I promise.\" Leopold opened the book again, and skimmed through its pages. Kate couldn'tnmake anything from the pages, but all of a sudden she saw a look in hisneyes, he had found something, \"Jack, look at this. Every month 50 guineas,nwith absolutely no mention of what it is for.\" \"Supplies? Could be anything, Leopold?\" \"No, look,\" He skimmed back a few pages and showed him where it wasnclearly marked supplies, wages, and other household necessities. \"This 50nguineas is on it's own on every page, it goes back years.\" \"That's a lot of money, Leopold. Maybe your uncle is a gambler.\" \"Hardly.\" Kate put her hand over Leopold's, \"I think Janet can offer you someninformation about the 50 guineas.\" Leopold looked at Kate, questioning, and then turned to Janet, who was nownsitting on the edge of the bed, fiddling with the ribbon on the front ofnher dress. She hadn't even heard what Kate had said. \"Janet.\" She looked startled; \"I am not doing anything wrong, Leopold. I am notnbothering Jack, and I am sitting perfectly still.\" This was probably not the best time to get any information from her, shenwas clearly drunk. \"Kate seems to believe you have information about my uncle and the 50nguineas that goes missing every month.\" \"I don't know anything about any 50 guineas. I only know that your unclengave Lady Spencer an envelope at the ball. \" \"Millicent? What would he be giving to Millicent?\" \"Not Millicent, Lady Jocelyn.\" Leopold looked at Kate questioning, \"You knew about this? Kate, you are asnbad as the rest of my family keeping everything from me.\" \"I didn't want to tell you anything, because we didn't know any details.\" \"That is why you made the comment about Lady Jocelyn being a womannscorned.\" \"Yes, that is why. I mean it could make sense, but why would Millard benpaying her anything. What happened between her and your father was a longntime ago.\" Leopold stood up and paced the room; all three of them watched him. He wasnobviously thinking about the whole scenario. He stopped in front of Janet,n\"You saw this transaction take place at the ball?\" \"Yes. And they were talking, but I didn't make it all out, I wasn't thatnclose to them. Your uncle was upset. That's all I know. I am sorry.\" \"Actually, it has been very helpful.\" \"Leopold, what are you planning to do, confront your, uncle?' \"I think once we return to Suffolk, I will pay Lady Jocelyn a visit.\" Kate stood up, \"No, you won't. I don't mind you looking through the booksnand trying to figure out what is going on. But I will not have you gonanywhere near Edgar Spencer. This is not the way you will ever get well.nWhy can't you just forget it all, until your shoulder is healed?\" \"Until we are married. That is weeks away.\" \"Yes, precisely. At the rate you are going, there won't be a wedding atnall. Maybe this is your way of calling it off indefinitely. Going andngetting yourself killed.\" \"That isn't going to happen. This is Lady Spencer, she is a knownnalcoholic. She couldn't hurt a flea.\" \"If she is blackmailing your uncle, I would say she could hurt a flea. Andnshe is Edgar's mother; he must get that charming personality from someone.nWhat is to say she isn't behind everything? Behind every man is a woman.\" \"I believe the saying is, behind every good man is a good woman.\" \"Okay, whatever. You know what I mean.\" Jack spoke up, \"Kate has a point, Leopold. After what you told menhappened tonight, I don't think going to Westlake for anything is wise.nLet it die down. Just go to your uncle, for god's sake.\" \"He won't tell me anything.\" \"And Jocelyn Spencer will?\" \"Possibly not.\" He was feeling weary but was so angry inside, and had allnthis negative energy. He felt dizziness coming over him and started tonstumble. Kate was quickly at his side, helping him to sit on the bed. \"I think you have had enough excitement for one evening. I hate tonbother,Otis..Jack would you mind helping him get ready for bed?\" \"Of course not.\" Kate was about to go and he took hold of her hand, \"I know Jack is right,nlet it die down, but I can't shake the uneasiness I feel.\" \"You have to try, I can't see anything good coming out of any of this rightnnow. A few weeks, that is all I ask.\" She looked in his eyes and knew he would never be able to just let it go,nbut was hoping he could just get better, and they could have the wedding.nShe knew she was being a bit selfish. Here he was thinking of his familynand the future, and she just wanted to walk down the aisle, be a couple.nShe had watched Jack and Janet earlier and they were so relaxed together.nLeopold had his moments, but then he would just tense up and everything wasnso strained. If he was well, she would be all for him taking charge of thenproblem, but he was clearly not well. She knew that everything wasnsetting him off, and she had really had enough. \"I think I am going to inform your aunt and uncle we will be returning tonBalinor tomorrow.\" \"What?\" Leopold was surprised. \"I want you back at Balinor, in bed, where Otis and I can watch over you.nNo disturbances whatsoever.\" \"Kate, you are being ridiculous. The gala at Windsor is tomorrow night,nand my aunt will want us both present.\" \"No. We aren't going. I don't care about the queen and how she expectsnyou there.\" \"The gala is for us, Kate. To celebrate our engagement in court.\" \"I don't care. I just want to go home. I don't want to be here anymore. Indon't want to pretend everything is alright, because it's not.\" She wasnnow crying. \"You are not alright, Leopold. And you think you owe it toneveryone to make them happy. Well, you don't.\" Kate tried to get controlnof herself. This is all Leopold needed was her blubbering like a baby.nLeopold motioned for Jack to give them some privacy and he took Janet'snhand. \"I think Kate can manage getting me into bed, thank you anyhow, Jack.nWe'll talk in the morning.\" Jack nodded and they left the room. She sat down on the bed beside him and he put his arm around her, \"You arenright. I haven't been the best patient, following doctor's orders and yes,nI have felt this family's happiness is my responsibility but I assure you Inam getting stronger, and better. Tonight's escapade might have set me backna bit, but nothing a good night's sleep won't cure.\" \"You have nightmares every night. You aren't getting a good night's sleep.nBecause you can't stop thinking about Edgar.\" \"I can't stop thinking about you, and what he might possibly do to you.nKate, I am sorry, this is happening. But it is happening. And I am thenonly person that can make is stop. I can't sit by anymore while he ruinsnevery ones life that he comes in contact with. You have to understandnthat. When you said you wanted to go home earlier, did you mean Balinor ornNew York? 21st century New York?\" \"I just want us to have what we had there.\" \"We still have it, Kate. You have to believe it that we do.\" \"Then do as I ask, and stop thinking about it. Go back to Balinor andnrest, so we can be married.\" \"You think you are going to lose me. And you have to know, that I will doneverything in my power for that not to happen. I will take care of Edgar. Inwon't allow him to hurt you or the rest of my family again. And we will benmarried, you have to believe that.\" \"That kind of talk scares me. When you say you will take care of him, donyou mean kill him? Or what?\" \"You think I would kill him, seriously?\" \"No, I don't, but I have heard Janet says she wants him dead and Jack, andnnow you. And even I find myself wanting him dead for everything he hasndone. I don't know what you are thinking. I know you aren't thinkingnabout me.\" \"That is not true.\" Leopold thought for a few seconds as he held her closento him trying to reassure her, \"Alright, I will put the whole Edgar messnaside for now. I won't even think about confronting Lady Spencer about thenpossibility of blackmail, and I promise you as soon as we return to Balinornin a few days I will not leave my chambers unless I am told do so by you ornOtis. If that is the only way you will believe that I am thinking aboutnyou, than that is what I will do. We will have what we had in New York,nKate and so much more, I promise you.\" \"I don't want you to promise me anything.\" \"I don't believe I have told you I loved you today.\" He lifted her chinnand their eyes met. \"Don't look at me that way.\" \"And why shouldn't I?\" He leaned towards her and gently kissed her. \"Because I can't be cross with you when you look that way.\" \"Then I will continue to look at you this way. I don't want you to bencross.\" \"I am being stupid, I know. Stupid and selfish. You were so wonderfulntonight for everyone. You don't feel well, and you are downstairs makingneveryone laugh and have a good time. You are a wonderful, caring man, whonthinks of others before himself. And I am jealous.\" \"Jealous of what?\" \"In New York, you only had me. Now I am sharing you with everyone.\" \"Ah, Kate,\" he turned her head towards him again looking into her eyes,n\"At the end of the day, I am yours, no one else's. And we will be marriednsoon, I promise. I want nothing more than be able to call you my wife,nhave children together, and grow old together. We have the rest of ournlives together, Kate, you have to believe that.\" \"As long as you stay away from Edgar Spencer.\" \"I will stay away from Edgar Spencer, alright. I give you my word ofnhonor.\" He kissed her and she managed to smile. \"That's better. I think we are both exhausted from today's events. It'snbound to wreck havoc on our emotional well-being. I know I feel drained,nand it isn't just because of my injury.\" \"I need to get you into bed.\" She started to take off his splint andnunbutton his shirt. \"I like the sound of that.\" He playfully pulled her towards him with hisnfree arm, and she couldn't budge free. \"Leopold, it's late.\" \"I remember a time, when you were quite willing to get me into bed, you arenbecoming quite the 19th century lady. And I find your virtuous tendencies,nmakes you all the more desirable.\" He began to kiss her neck and thenncontinued till he reached her lips, passionately kissing her. She was anbit taken by surprised. He cringed a bit in pain, but let it slide,nenjoying the intimate embrace with Kate. \"I still have it in me, Kate.\" \"I am fully aware of that.\" She smiled at him. \"I am keeping you from your duties of undressing me.\" He raised hisneyebrows as he let her go. \"Please continue.\" \"Maybe I should go get Jack.\" \"Maybe you shouldn't. He is probably quite busy with Janet. They couldn'tntake their hands off each other tonight.\" \"You noticed?\" \"It was hard not to notice. Their public display of affection was quite…\"nLeopold was trying to search for the right words, feeling a littlenembarrassed. \"Erotic? Sensual?\" Kate finished his sentence. Leopold blushed, \"Quite.\" \"It turned you on?\" \"Maybe it would be wise for you to get Jack or Otis.\" He began to fidgetnand she couldn't help but notice the bulge in his trousers. \"Leopold!\" He strategically placed his hand on his lap, \"Most definitely, I would prefer you go get Otis, right away.\" She wanted to laugh, but didn't. \"Go now. I will see you in thenmorning.\" \"Alright, I am going.\" She turned back to him as she was walking out thendoor, \"Are you sure you are going to be able to wait till our weddingnnight?\" She couldn't help but smile. \"Out!\" He was truly embarrassed and she quickly left the room, she headedndown the hallway giggling to herself and found Jack coming out of Janet'snroom. \"Everything alright.\" He noticed her laughing. \"Leopold needs your assistance.\" \"I thought you had that under control.\" \"More like out of control. Let's see how should I put this withoutnsounding crude..He has been aroused, and under the circumstances wants mennowhere near him.\" Jack couldn't help but laugh, \"Leopold aroused? That has to be something.nThe man who is always in control.\" \"Oh, it's something alright.\" \"Kate, shame on you for having such impure thoughts.\" \"It's your fault.\" \"Mine? How can that be?\" \"You and Janet in there, all over each other.\" \"And I am sure you undressing him gave him an idea or two.\" He wasnlaughing, \"I cannot believe I am having this discussion with the futurenDuchess. You are like no lady I have ever met. No wonder Leopold is so innlove with you.\" \"You better go to him. He is tired.\" She began to head to her room when he turned around, \"Kate, isneverything okay. I mean besides the little display of his grace's manlynhood, did you talk.\" She nodded. \"I think things are going to be okay. I got him to backnoff on the Spencers.\" \"Really?\" \"I know what you are thinking. That he will continue to pursue thisnblackmail thing, but he has promised not till after the wedding, when hisnshoulder is fully healed.\" \"I think that's wise. Try and enjoy the rest of your stay innLondon.\" \"Is Janet alright?\" He smiled and raised his eyebrows, \"Just fine.\" \"Really?\" \"I am being the perfect gentleman, Kate. It is very temptingnespecially with Janet so willing, but I have not succumbed to my desiresnand I plan on sticking to my guns, I will wait till my wedding night. Ofncourse it might be sooner than I originally planned. I was going to talk tonLeopold about that actually. We'd like to be married within the week.\" \"Jack, that's awfully sudden.\" \"We don't really see the point of waiting to long. I have known hernall my life. It's not like we have to get to know each other. We're bothnready. Janet wants to start a family right away. She loves children.\" Kate felt a twinge of jealousy. To be able to do something sonspontaneous. It was romantic and frivolous and sweet. \"I am sure he will say it's fine. I am so happy for you both.\" She gave him a hug and he looked down at her eyes, starting to cloudnover with tears again, \"You will be married in a few weeks. Stop fretting.n Be happy. Leopold wants you, Kate, and you received evidence of that thisnevening. All he needs is to recuperate and I am sure he will have a speedynrecovery knowing what is awaiting for him.\" \"You better go.\" She headed towards her room. Still wondering whennand if there would really ever be a wedding. Jack entered Leopold's room and couldn't help but laugh, \"So we havena slight problem, do we? Couldn't manage to control yourself while Kate gotnyou ready for bed.\" Leopold was embarrassed, \"I don't know what she told you, but she hasnit all wrong. I felt it was inappropriate for her to see me in mynundergarments.\" \"Right? I believe that.\" \" I told her to get Otis.\" \"I was available. I am glad to help. Although, you had thenopportunity, ,Leopold. And you passed it up. Kate undressing you. Soundsnpretty good to me.\" \"I am quite amazed you are not presently engaged in such a frivolitynyourself, after that display in here earlier.\" \"Like you, I am waiting till my wedding night. It is actually quitengratifying.\" \"Really?\" \"You don't find it gratifying?\" He started to help Leopold with hisnshirt. \"The anticipation of taking your bride in your arms for the firstntime and making love to her. Come on, Leopold, you have obviously thoughtnabout it.\" \"You aren't helping matters. Can we talk of something else? Ofnmaybe not talk at all.\" \"I actually wanted to speak to you about a certain matter. Mynwedding.\" \"You and Janet have made plans?\" \"Not really, just that we want to be wed as soon as possible. Wendon't see any reason to wait.\" \"I see.\" \"I wouldn't have even thought about it if your wedding was takingnplace this weekend, but now that you and Kate are waiting, it just seemednlike the right timing. We just want it to be simple and have a small partynwith the staff, I know my services are needed at Balinor, so I won't evennask you about time off for a honeymoon of any kind. That's not important.nWe just want to be together.\" \"I don't see any problem.\" Leopold was distant. Thinking about thencalled off wedding and Kate's concerns. Jack pulled off his boots and looked up at his face, decided henshould change the subject, \"So Kate says you are backing off the Spencers.\" \"I have promised her. I am going to concentrate on getting better.nI might need your assistance actually.\" \"No, no. I am not getting involved in another scheme. I think Katenis right, stay away from the Spencers for the time being.\" \"No scheme. She has set me some rules.\" \"Really?\" \"The wedding can't take place till I can sit through a dinner withoutnfeeling faint, I must be able to ride a horse, and of course hold her in mynarms.\" \"That sounds logical.\" \"I will need help riding.\" \"You are not getting back on a horse until that wound is healed.\" \"I just thought a short ride daily, to get me use to it. Kate won'tnknow. If I wait a few weeks my arm will be stiff and I will be useless, Inhave to do this gradually. My way.\" \"I don't want to see you near a horse for at least a week.\" Leopoldnstood up as Jack helped him with his trousers, and then Leopold got intonbed. \"You can't rush this. If you want to be married in a few weeks, younhave got to take it slow. I know that is a concept you can't grasp, butnyou will have to. Kate was in tears out in the hall, Leopold. She reallynhas this feeling that you two will not be married. So don't give her anynmore reason to have these negative thoughts. Rest and get well. Nothingnelse.\" \"Alright, I get your point. Now can I go to sleep?\" \"By all means. I guess I will be riding to Balinor tomorrow to returnn the books.\" \"The following morning will be fine. Just plan on leaving early.nMaybe Janet would like to ride Merlin back.\" Jack was surprised. \"That is a long ride.\" \"I am sure she is up to it. I can recall she is a damn good rider.\" \"That she is.\" \"And it will give you some quality time together.\" \"I will ask her in the morning. I know I would quite like herncompany.\" Leopold smiled up at Jack, \"and to think a few weeks ago, you werencertain she would never be interested in you. Now you two are gettingnmarried and no doubt there will be a little one shortly thereafter.\" Jack just smiled, \"I could say the same for you, did you really thinkna couple of months ago you would be with someone like Kate? You werenfairly certain, you would be married to some rich American debutantenlacking in beauty and brains. Kate is not rich and is beautiful andnintelligent. She is a real find, Leopold.\" \"I tell myself that daily.\" \"Good. I will see you in the morning. I hope you sleep well.\" Jack left him and Leopold felt his mind racing with the events of thenevening. He had a hard time trying to clear it. And this is when hensuffered from nightmares. He wanted to marry Kate, he wanted to get thenfamilies finances sorted out, he wanted to take care of Edgar…and now henwas going to have to try and put all of those things aside and slow down,nlike everyone was telling him to. His mind was so active and he was sonweary, he closed his eyes, and thought of his embrace with Kate and a smilencame to his face. He had to remind himself it was only a few weeks. A fewnweeks were hardly anything, but then again a few weeks could feel like anfew years, when there was so much on your mind. A carriage arrived for Millicent in the morning, and Kate saw hernoff, \"I wish I didn't have to go back.\" Kate took hold of her hands, \"You have to promise me, that you willnget word to me if anything happens or you need us for anything. You arenalways welcome in our home.\" A tear came to her eyes as Rodney started to help her into thencarriage, \"I have had a wonderful evening. I can't remember enjoyingnmyself so much as last night. At least not for a long time. I am sureneverything will be fine. As long as the baby is alright.\" Kate noticednthe frightened look in her eyes. \"Edgar couldn't bear another stillbornnchild.\" \"You mentioned your miscarriages last night, but I had no idea younhad a stillborn baby.\" \"I don't like to talk about him. It was a boy, and Edgar wasndevastated. To carry a child so long and then for that to happen, it wasnthe most horrific thing. I can't go through that again. Edgar became verynviolent. I know he never meant to hurt me.\" Kate was shocked, \"Millicent, he hit you? That man is crazy.\" \"You might be right.\" \"Please be careful.\" \"I will. I know Edgar doesn't want me to see you, but somehow we mustntry to get together once we are back in Suffolk. I know Edgar tends tonspend a lot of time here in London, and maybe we could make some kind ofnarrangements then.\" \"Edgar can't take away our friendship. I want you to consider me anfriend, Millicent. And don't forget I will see you at the wedding.\" She smiled, \"Of course. Edgar can't keep me away, no matter what.\"nMillicent leaned towards Kate and kissed her cheek before she got into thencarriage. As Kate stood on the street and watched the carriage leave,nwaving to Millicent. She felt apprehensive. What would Edgar do it the babyndidn't survive this time? It gave her a chill. She took a deep breath andncrossed her arms taking in the beautiful morning. People were already upnand about. She wondered how Leopold had slept after the escapade of lastnnight and it made her smile. Tonight was the gala at Windsor and theynwould more than likely attend even though Kate had said other wise. A weeknago she might have been excited about meeting Queen Victoria, and justnbeing a part of a royal gala. Being at Windsor in the Royal ballroom wasnenough reason to want to attend. Nothing could be grander, but now shendidn't care. Leopold wouldn't even be able to dance, and she had reallyngrown to love dancing. The music, the floating around the room innLeopold's arms-he was a superb dancer. It would be a dull evening,nlistening to the upper-class brag to one another no doubt and she knew shenwas bound to get asked the same old questions that had been put to her allnweek in London, \"Where is your family from, dear?\" \"How did you meet thenDuke?\" All she wanted to do was spend time with Leopold alone! A walk innthe park, a stroll along the riverfront. She would even put up with a nightnat the opera, if it meant being alone with him. But it wasn't to be. Shenwas stirred from her thoughts when she heard Margaret calling her name, \"Katherine, dear, we have so much to do. You must come in now and wenprepare for this evening.\" Margaret was standing on the steps of the house, looking verynmatriarchal. Kate couldn't imagine that she would have to get ready thisnsoon. \"It's 10 o'clock in the morning!\" \"Precisely. We should have started hours ago. We will be leavingnfor Windsor, shortly after lunch. You and Leopold are the guests of honor.nI do hope Leopold is feeling better this morning. This evening is sonimportant for both of you.\" \"I doubt he feels that way.\" \"You are beginning to sound just like him. Now come along, there isnso much to be done. I think your hair will be the first thing on thenagenda.\" \"What are you going to do to my hair?\" Margaret walked down the stairs and took Kate by the elbow, \"Relax,nKatherine, you will be the belle of the ball this evening, it is expected.\" Kate rolled her eyes as she was ushered into the house by Leopold'snaunt.[Chapter 31] After patiently allowing Aunt Margaret to mess with her hair, andnJanet assisting, but snickering, for over an hour. Kate finally had hadnenough, \"You know, I appreciate all you are doing Lady Mountbatten but mynhair will be fine up.\" Sitting in front of her on the vanity table werenribbons and barrettes. Kate fiddled with them and rolled her eyes. \"Katherine, this is a special occasion.\" She tried to attach a ribbonnand Kate pulled at it. \"No.\" She stood up, slightly put off by all of this. Margaret put a comforting hand on her shoulder, \"I realize that younare having a difficult time. Leopold's injury, the wedding beingnpostponed…\" \"Maybe I wouldn't be having a hard time, if everyone didn't mentionnit every two minutes. No offense, Lady Mountbatten, but I would like tonget ready on my own. Janet is perfectly capable of helping me if I neednassistance.\" Margaret looked a little disappointment, but understood. \"Fine. Ifnyou need anything..\" \"I know where to find you. Thank-you.\" After she left the room Kate flopped down on the bed sighing. Janetnsat on the edge of the bed. \"You really don't want to go, do you?\" \"Not especially. But it is my duty as the future Duchess of Albany.\"nShe said sarcastically. \"So what are you and Jack up to tonight?\" \"He is taking me to a dancehall, with proper music and everything. Indidn't even know he could dance.\" Kate loved her bizarre innocence. Shenhad been through a lot, experienced life but she still had a child likeninnocence that was wonderful. Especially when she talked about Jack. \"I envy you. You can do what you like. I have to be on my bestnbehavior at these functions, do the right thing, say the right thing. Gonthrough all the motions, from one countess to the next. Get their approval.nIt isn't any fun.\" \"But you are to meet the queen. Isn't that exciting enough for you?\" \"I would trade places with you in a minute.\" \"You mean you would go to the dancehall with Jack and I would go tonthe gala with Leopold? Not on your life. I know I might sound fickle. Anfew days ago I only had eyes for Leopold, but that has all changed. I wantnto be with Jack forever.\" Kate smiled at her, \"And he wants to be with you too. He told menlast night you two are thinking about marrying soon after we get back tonSussex.\" \"We would like that. He was all ready to have some long courtship,nbut it doesn't make sense. We want to be together as soon as possible. ButnI don't want this to upset you, Kate. I told Jack maybe the timing wasnbad.\" \"No, it's perfect.\" But Kate couldn't help but think how hard itnwould be for her watching them wed, when it should've been her and Leopold. Leopold took it easy in the morning. Yesterday had been way toonmuch, on him and it had left him exhausted. Also he hadn't slept well atnall. Kate had been all that was on his mind. Otis left him alone till itnwas time to dress. When Otis laid his clothes on the bed, Leopold eyednthem with indifference. Because it was a royal function, the full regalnattire was required. The ornate red and gold brocaded vest and sash, whitenshirt and tie, and black jacket and trousers. With his shoulder stillnbandaged and his arm in the sling, nothing was comfortable, \"This is goingnto be a nightmare. Do you think there is any slight chance of them notnmissing me if I was not in attendance?\" \"I realize, sir, you are not thrilled with these type of functions,nbut it is for your engagement.\" \"And my aunt would be devastated if I should cause a tantrum and notngo. I know it means a lot to her. For the life of me, I will never trulynunderstand it. These events are all the same, same people-boring, samenconversation-boring. This evening is likely to be dull and intolerable. Ifnonly I could have taken Kate to the opera, or for a walk along the river.nNow that would be an evening I would thoroughly enjoy.\" \"It does sound lovely. But there will be other times.\" Leopold was picturing it in his mind. If there was only a way, hencould get out of this damn party. When Kate first laid eyes on Leopold that afternoon, he was dressednin his finery and she had to admit, he looked incredibly handsome as wellnas sexy. And Leopold was taken aback to find Kate in a beautiful scarletnsatin off the shoulder dress. His eyes lit up, \"You look exquisite, goodnenough to eat.\" He proceeded to kiss her right shoulder, and Margaretncleared her throat. \"Enough of that, Leopold. None of that open display of affection atnWindsor, you are the duke and not some common man.\" \"So common men are allowed to show their affection in public. I knewnthere was something about common men that I liked.\" He teased. \"You are mocking me, Leopold.\" \"Did you have a hand in choosing my fiancé's dress, aunt Margaret?nBecause if you wanted me to behave like a duke it was a poor choice.\" \"It's a beautiful dress, Leopold.\" \"I am not arguing that at all. You are quite right, and very suitednto Kate, but it has the ability to even cause a Duke to feel slightlynamorous.\" Leopold smiled at Kate and proceeded to kiss the other shouldernand she giggled. Margaret was cross, \"Fine, behave like a child now, get it out ofnyour system, Leopold. I will not have you make a scene at the gala. Thisnis so important.\" \"Yes, aunt, I know and I will behave accordingly, as long as I cannfondle Kate in the carriage all the way to Windsor.\" He knew this would get to her and Millard walked up to them hearingnhis last remark, \"Leopold, behave. You know how your aunt gets at thisnfunctions.\" Rodney helped Margaret into the carriage, and Millard precedednher. Leopold whispered into Kate's ear before they got into the carriage,n\"I really would like to fondle you in the carriage.\" \"After last night, I am sure that isn't all you want to do.\" \"You must behave as well, this evening.\" \"I'll think about it.\" He leaned towards her kissing her. In the last few days, It wasngetting much harder to pull away. Otis stood behind them and smiled.nAfter last night's fiasco with Edgar it was wonderful to see both of themnso relaxed. Jack and Janet who had come down the front stairs interruptednthem. Jack went up to Leopold and whispered in his ear, \"It's allnarranged.\" Leopold smiled, \"Wonderful.\" Kate looked at him questioningly. \"What are you two up to? Does this have anything to do with Edgar?\" Leopold shook his finger in front of her face, \"Shame on you. Thatnname is not supposed to be mentioned whatsoever in my presence. You donwant me to get well, now, don't you, Kate.\" He smiled, teasing her. \"I donbelieve a punishment is in order.\" \"Going to the gala is punishment enough, don't you think?\" Leopold smiled at Jack, and Jack intern said, \"Your timing is goingnto be perfect on this one, your grace.\" \"I do believe so.\" Kate was curious. She turned and glared at Jack,nand Leopold noticed even Jack was eyeing her in the dress. He proceeded tonpull her shawl up around her shoulders, \"You will keep that on, allnevening.\" \"Leopold.\" She then pulled it back down. Janet smiled, \"You look magnificent. Your aunt was right, you willnbe the belle of the ball, and on Leopold's arm to boot. Have a lovelyntime. Or at least try.\" Janet gave her a hug. They had become awfullynclose. She then looked at Leopold and back to Jack. There was somethingngoing on, but she had no idea. Leopold took Kate by the elbow and Otis helped her onto the carriagenand then Leopold followed suit. Otis would be traveling with them, in casenLeopold needed any assistance and he was to ride with the driver. The grand ballroom at Windsor was everything Kate had expected. Justnthe size of it alone was incredible, and then being filled with everynmember of royalty you could possibly imagine added to its grandeur. Anchamber orchestra was playing in the corner and many were dancing. As theynwalked in they were announced and the whole room was a buzz. Of courseneveryone had heard of Leopold's engagement to an American, and then therenwas the shooting accident. He escorted Kate through the masses of people,nand some exchanged pleasantries as they walked past, he tried to smile andnfinally turned to Kate. \"If by any remote chance we are separated, meet menby the balcony doors in one hour.\" Kate looked up to see a clock. He wasnlooking at this pocket watch. \"What is going on?\" \" Do you want to spend anytime whatsoever alone with me?\" \"Yes.\" \"Then don't ask questions.\" His aunt showed up behind him. \"Leopold, we have been requested an audience with your highness.\"nShe straightened his tie, \"Stop fussing, I am not a little boy, I know how to address thenqueen.\" Margaret turned to Kate, \"He made a right fool of himself as a child,nthe first time they were introduced. Asked her if she was an evil queennlike in the fairy tales.\" Leopold smiled, \"And because of that remark she has been endeared tonme ever since. I do hope, you will not be hovering over me, aunt. Innfact, I would like a private audience with her without you and uncle.\" \"Leopold, that is disrespectful.\" \"My way or not at all.\" \"Fine. Go on.\" He took Kate's arm and they headed towards a roomnoff the ballroom. As they approached the room he told her, \"Be yourself. Don't listennto anything my aunt has said. It will be brief and we will exchangenpleasantries, I promise you she won't judge. And she does like me. Nonmatter what my aunt believes, she finds my openness and honesty a rarity.\" Kate was amazed as they approached the queen seated on what Katenwould describe as a thrown but just a high back chair of plush gold velvet.n She looked just like pictures Kate had seen and she couldn't help butnthink of Dame Judi Dench portraying her in \"Mrs. Brown\" and wondered if anynof that was true. Leopold bowed and Kate took his lead and curtseyed. When the queen put out her hand, Leopold proceeded to kiss it andnthen she smiled, \"My dear, boy, I know you are hardly a boy now, but I donhope you don't mind if I call you that.\" \"Of course not, your majesty.\" \"I was so sorry to hear of your accident, is it quite painful?\" \"The pain has actually subsided immensely. I am on the mends.\" She looked at Kate, \"And this is your young lady.\" \"Katherine McKay, your majesty.\" \"Yes, yes, of course. Miss McKay, if Leopold has chosen you for hisnwife I am sure you are the right woman for the job. He has always had anmind of his own and knows what he wants. I only wish my sons could possessnsome of his finer characteristics, but alas I wasn't so blessed. I havenheard the wedding has been postponed much to the dismay of the whole court.nLeopold has always been popular whether he likes it or not. We all wishnhim the best, and of course you as well. I think it was a wise decision tonhold off on the wedding. He must be fully recovered. Although, I am surenyour aunt must be furious, Leopold.\" \"You know her to well, your majesty.\" \"I am sure I don't need to ask you this question, Miss McKay, but Inwill anyway. Are you in love with Leopold?\" \"Very much so.\" She looked at Leopold and they exchanged a tendernglance. \"Well, then I give you both my blessing and I hope your recovery isnspeedy so you don't have to keep Miss McKay waiting much longer. \" Leopold smiled, \"I hope so as well, your majesty.\" \"Now run along and have fun. Don't allow any of those pompousnarrogant socialites cause you any grief. This is your party, you do as younlike.\" They both bowed and curtseyed, and preceded back into the ballroom,nshe turned to Leopold, \"That was bizarre. Does she just sit in there andnnot even come out to her own party?\" \"She has had a long mourning period for her husband, she is not thatncomfortable with crowds of people. Only a select few in this room willneven be allowed to speak to her.\" A young gentleman appeared by Leopold's side, \"Your grace, I am songlad to see you up and about. Such a tragedy should occur so close to yournwedding date.\" Leopold acknowledged him, \"Thank you for your concern, Lord Newbury.n But I am on the mends and the wedding should be taking place within thenmonth. Let me introduce you to my fiancé, Miss McKay.\" \"It is a privilege, Miss McKay. Would it be out of the question tonask for a dance, Miss McKay?\" He looked at Leopold for approval, and henlooked at Kate. \"Leopold, would you mind?\" She asked. \"Of course not, I am unable to partake in the activity this eveningnand it would be a shame if you missed out as well.\" He leaned over andnkissed her cheek and whispered in her ear, \"Don't forget at the balcony atn9pm.\" She nodded as Lord Newbury took her arm and they headed for the dancenfloor. Kate had danced nearly every dance since she had left Leopold. Andnfelt exhausted. Just as she thought she would sit one out anotherngentleman was by her side requesting a dance with her. And she couldn'tnturn any of them down. She kept trying to look for Leopold but he had beennswept away by various parties involved in tedious conversations and Katenwas glad she on the dance floor and not having to partake in trivial smallntalk. She then looked at the clock and realized it was shortly after 9.nShe excused herself and headed towards the balcony, where Leopold stood. He was looking at his watch, \"You are 5 minutes late. Enjoyingnyourself now, are you?\" \"It was alright.\" \"Everyman in the room had his eyes on you.\" \"Leopold, you are exaggerating. And anyhow, I would much rather benspending time with you, just not here. It is too crowded and I am tired ofnbeing poked and prodded by the English aristocrats.\" He smiled, \"Then leaving is something you would contemplate?\" \"Leaving? How can we leave? We came with your uncle and aunt, and Inhave seen them. They are in no way ready to leave.\" \"Come with me.\" He took her arm and she followed him. Out the mainnhall and down the steps where a carriage and Otis were waiting. \"What's this?\" \"A carriage, what does it look like?\" \"But it isn't the one we came in.\" \" Like you said my aunt and uncle aren't ready to leave, they need anride back to the house. Jack arranged for this one. We are having a nightnout. Just you and I.\" She looked at Otis, \"And Otis.\" \"No, miss, I am going to sit with the driver and you won't know I amneven here.\" Otis helped her into the carriage and Leopold got in next to her, hisnone arm pulled her close to him, \"Now I can fondle you all I would like.\" \"Your aunt and uncle will have a fit that we have left.\" He smiled, \"Yes, I realize that. They will be slightly infuriated forna short while, but they know what I am like. I can always say I hadnanother fainting spell or something along that line.\" \"Where are you taking me?\" \"Every young lady needs to be escorted along the riverside with hernintended, it is a tradition. I couldn't have us leave London withoutnanytime alone.\" She snuggled up to him, \"This is lovely, Leopold. Just this morningnI was so envious of Jack and Janet for being able to do exactly what theynlike.\" \"We can do anything you like this evening, within reason obviously.\" \" I am perfectly content with the carriage ride and the walk alongnthe Thames.\" The carriage pulled away from Windsor and Leopold leaned towards hernkissing her, \"Now this is more like it. A beautiful starlit night with thenonly woman on earth I could ever imagine being with.\" She was relieved he was so content. After last night she had no ideanhow he would be, but for Kate it seemed he really was trying to put Edgarnand the Spencers out of his mind, relax and concentrate on her. And shenwas looking forward to their evening together. They walked arm in arm along the Thames, where other couples alsonwere enjoying the lovely evening. They got a few glances since both ofnthem were overly dressed for such an activity, but Kate and Leopold werenoblivious to them. They talked about the evening and Kate tried to listnall the men she had danced with. \"You are making me jealous. I want desperately to hold you in mynarms again and waltz you around a room.\" \"It will happen again, soon. You are so much better today.\" \"The pain is still there. But the dizziness is subsiding. I amnkeeping my word, Kate. We will be married before the end of the month.\" \"No rushing. Your health is more important than anything.\" Kate looked up at the night sky and it was beautiful, she thought ofnCharlie for some reason and Leopold saw her faraway look. \"You are a million miles away.\" \"I was thinking of Charlie. What do you think he is doing right now?\" \"Well, for one thing, it isn't right now for him. Kate he isn't evennborn yet. I know this time continuum theory is all a bit confusing,nespecially since we actually have experienced it. But if you would allow mento explain..\" \"Don't bother, I didn't understand when Stuart explained it and Inwon't understand it now. I can just imagine what I'd like. Is thatnalright with you?\" Leopold nodded. \" He has probably been to a few auditions today and failed miserably, butntook it in his stride, much like Charlie would. He will never give it up.nProbably has watched some TV, some sporting event of some sort..\" Leopold added, \" And he has been wining and dining Patrice as Insuggested, and possibly made some headway. Maybe even an engagement.\" Kate laughed, \"Charlie? I don't think so. She probably moved innwith him, that is more his style.\" \"Moving in with one another is such a strange concept for me, withoutnthe sanctity of marriage. You are allowed to try out your prospectivenpartners. I find it very primitive indeed. I don't agree with itnwhatsoever\" \"With all the divorce going on, it is really the best thing.\" \"So do you wish you could try out the goods before you actually makenthe commitment?\" \"Your way is the 19th century way, and I accept that. I am prettynsure your goods are all in working order and high above the standards I amnused to.\" \"You make me sound like a piece of machinery.\" \"A fine piece of machinery, Leopold.\" She teased. \"Very fine indeed.\" He pulled her close to him, \"More like a damaged piece of machinerynwho is in desperate need of some tender loving care.\" \"Now that I am capable of.\" They stood along the riverside andnpassionately kissed, then continued their walk, shutting out the rest ofnthe world around them. Jack and Janet were off at the crack of dawn heading back to Balinornon Mordrid and Merlin and to return the books to Millard's study. It was antime they would both savor, knowing that once back at the house, therenwould be plenty of work to do and their time together would be limited.nJack wished he could give her more. How he would like to have a wife andnfamily, and not have them be in service would be a dream come true. But atnthe time it was not to be. Leopold was still content on building them anhouse, which would be started right away. But until then they would havento make do with the one room off the stables that Jack had called homensince he was a child. He had never known his mother. She had died innchildbirth and had spent his first few years with an aunt and uncle, untilnhis father the Mountbatten's groomsman had sent for him. It had been thensame year Leopold's parents had died. And he had lived there ever since.nIt wasn't ideal, but it would have to do. Leopold had given him an extran10 guineas for his mission to recover the books and yesterday he had boughtnJanet a wedding ring with the money. As they rode out of London, he feltnthe ring in his pocket, and Janet had turned to smile at him. She was allnhe had ever wanted. She put her hand out and he took hold of it, and theynrode this way for a few miles until they reached the countryside and Janetnwas intent on galloping at high speed. He could see how happy she was andnthat was all that was important. After a stop for lunch at an inn in a small village, Janet and Jacknhad a stroll before they got back on their horses. They weren't too farnfrom Balinor now, and were making good time. Janet took his hand andndragged him up a hill where a small church and graveyard sat. You couldnsee for miles and Janet was enjoying reading the tombstones and wonderingnwhat the various occupants had done in their lives. Jack noticed the vicarnwas sweeping the front step and he smiled at Jack. He put his hand in hisnpocket again and felt the ring, looking back at the vicar. Janet wasnpreoccupied reading tombstones and he headed over to the vicar. \"Good day,\" Jack said, \"this is sure a lovely spot.\" \"Yes, it is. I don't get a lot of visitors up here when it isn'tnSunday, it's lovely to see you and your young lady friend enjoying thenview.\" Jack held out his hand, \"Jack Blackmore and my young lady friend isnmy fiancé, Janet.\" \"Reverend Allen. Are you just passing through?\" \"On our way back from London, do you know the big house, Balinornabout 30 miles from here?\" \"I know it well, I was the parish vicar for that aligning area fornyears, a long time ago mind you. I married the Duke of Albany and his wife.n Such a beautiful little chapel on the estate. \"I work there. I am the present Duke's groomsmen.\" \"What a small world. I actually christened Leopold.\" \"Really?\" \"How is he? I noticed he was to be wed.\" \"Yes, the wedding has been postponed due to a shooting accident, butnif all goes as planned they should be wed by the end of the month. Younknow he would love to see you I am sure.\" \"The last time I saw him was at a service for his parents. Sadnlittle boy.\" \"Yes, that was extremely difficult for him, but he is happy now.\" \"I am glad to hear it. And I will definitely plan on a visit.\" Jack looked over at Janet who looked curious that he was talking to anvicar. \"I was wondering Reverend Allen, what is the possibility of younmarrying my fiancé and myself this afternoon?\" \"Well, this is not something I usually have requests for. Most youngnpeople want their family present.\" \"This place just seems idyllic and I know it would make us both verynhappy. I have the license. Everything is in order.\" \"I don't see the problem, I would be glad too.\" \"Wonderful. Let me just talk to my fiancé. Excuse me for a minute.\" Jack went over to Janet, and she looked curious, \"Why are yountalking to a vicar, Jack?\" \"Before you say anything. Hear me out. This guy will marry us, now,ntoday. We won't have to wait. It makes sense, Janet. The last thingneither Kate or Leopold needs is for us to have a wedding on the estate. Inknow Leopold has said to me it's fine. But I think the postponement hasngotten to both of them. We get married here, and it's done. No hassles.nAnd this guy married Leopold's father, how is that for a coincidence.\" \"But Jack, you don't even have a ring or a license. I feel you arenrushing this so you can get me into bed and for no other purposes.\" Janetnraised her voice and Jack thought for sure the vicar had overheard. \"Whatnabout a proper courtship? That's what you wanted last week.\" \"I think you better think that one through, Janet, who wants who innbed?\" \"Surely you don't think I am rushing the wedding solely to share yournbed. You are mistaken.\" \"Fine.\" He walked away from her, \"we should head home.\" He thennturned to her, \"and for your information I have the license and the ring,nbut you probably aren't' even interested.\" He stormed off. And Janet rannafter him. \"Jack, you have a ring?\" He was cross, \"I said I did, didn't I? And I am a man of my word.\" She approached him carefully, \"Can I see it?\" \"Why should I show it to you? You have accused me of marrying you sonI can bed you. And I am insulted.\" \"But I know you want to bed me.\" \"That isn't what this is about and you need to understand that.\" \"Why do you love me, Jack?\" He was frustrated, \"Janet, I am not in the mood right now. I wasndoing something totally spontaneous. This is a beautiful place and …oh,nbloody hell, why does it matter?\" Janet placed her arms around him, and her touch affected him, \"And if younthink that is going to change anything.\" \"That? What is that?\" She began to caress his back. \"Leopold was right, you are very distracting.\" She started to reachninto his pocket and he quickly jumped back and smiled. She plunged towardsnhim, but he was too quick and played a game. Darting back and forth whilenshe tried to grab him. \"Jack, you are so mean. Let me see it.\" \"You can see it when it's on your finger and not before then.\" She reached for him again and he placed his hand on her forehead, andnstiffened his arm. So he had her at arms length and she couldn't reach him.nHe started to laugh as she fought desperately. \"So what is it to be then?\" \"Jack, this is unfair.\" She was waiting for him to back down but it didn't seem like it wasngoing to happen. Janet then had an idea and she looked past him down thenhill, \"Oh, my word, what is that?\" He immediately let go and turned, she laughed and managed to get hernhand in his pocket. He quickly turned around and grabbed her around thenwaist. They were both laughing, and they toppled to the ground rollingnslightly down the hill. They landed with Janet on top of him, her hand innhis pocket, and Jack smiling as he held her close to him, \"I don't think it's the ring you are after at all.\" \"I have you right where I want you, Jack Blackmore.\" \"I am sure you do.\" He teased \"Are you going to show it to me now?\" \"No\", he smiled. \"Say you will marry me today.\" \"I won't.\" He kissed her, and her defenses were down, he managed to roll withnher and soon was on top of her. She looked up at him and had no desire tonfight anymore. \"Oh, and to answer your question…I love you because you arenthe most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on, you make me laugh andnyou make me feel whole. You are my best friend and I can't picture my lifenwithout you by my side. I love the way you smile and the way you say mynname. God, Janet, I am incomplete without you and I don't want to waitnanother day. I have waited all my life for you.\" \"That was beautiful. You say such wonderful things to me.\" She wrapped her arms around him and this time managed to roll himnback over onto his back and she kissed him, she stroked the side of hisnface and ran her fingers through his hair, \"I will marry you today.\" He let out a holler, and she giggled, \"These village people are goingnto wonder what is going on out here. You making such a commotion.\" \"And you. Who was chasing and attacking me?\" She got up, \"Are we going to get married or are we going to havenanother spat.?\" \"Plenty of time for spats, the rest of our lives, Miss Collins.\" Henstood up and gave her a swat on the behind. \"Stop that right now. Behave.\" He smiled wickedly at her and then picked her up and carried her overnhis shoulder, \"Put me down this instance.\" \"Not on your life. I am not letting you go. We are getting marriednand I want to place you inside the church myself, before you change yournmind.\" As he carried her up the hill, the vicar smiled. They were bothnlaughing and he could tell how much in love they were. It was pure joy tonsee two young people so in love and so carefree. Jack carried her pastnhim, \"I think we are ready, reverend.\" Janet protested, \"This is uncivilized, Jack.\" She began to beat onnhis back. Jack turned to the vicar, \"I have to apologize for my fiancé, shendoes tend to get carried away in the moment.\" Jack laughed. When he finally sat her down in front of the altar, she looked aroundnher at the church, the vicar standing before them and then at Jack whontenderly kissed her, \"Just wanted one last kiss as a single man.\" She couldn't believe this was really happening. It wasn't thenidyllic wedding most woman would dream of but all that mattered to her wasnthe man standing by her side and that she would be spending the rest of hernlife with him. Hand and hand Jack and Janet headed back into the village to fetchnthe horses, they were happy, laughing, but then Jack spotted a young boynnear Mordrid. It looked like he had a small bag of grain in his hand andnwas trying to get the horse to eat. Jack was very protective of thosenhorses and he let go of Janet and called out, \"Hey, you, get away fromnthose horses\" He ran towards him. Janet closely behind. The boy backed off and was scared to death, \"I wasn't doing anything,nmister. Just giving them a bit of feed.\" Jack grabbed the bag from his hand and stuck his hand in the feedbag,npulling out a handful of feed and sniffing it. Janet thought he was being ridiculous, \"Jack, he meant no harm. Forngod's sake.\" Janet watched as Jack's face built up with anger, and he grabbed thenchild by his shirt, \"Where did you get this feed? What the hell do younthink you were doing?\" Janet tried to pull Jack off him, \"Let go of him, Jack. He is anchild.\" The boy started to whimper, \"Somebody gave it to me.\" \"Somebody? Who?\" Janet finally got Jack to loosen his grip and the boy cowered behindnJanet. \"you are scaring him, Jack.\" Jack held out a handful of feed, \"This is poisoned feed, Janet. Henwas going to feed it to Mordrid.\" She looked shocked in disbelief. She got down on her knees and facednthe young boy calmly, \"Who gave it to you?\" \"I didn't know there was anything wrong with it, Miss. I was justnadmiring the horses and a gentleman came up to me and asked if I would likento feed them, he gave 6 pence. That's a lot of money, miss, and I lovenhorses. I would have done it for nothing.\" \"What did this gentleman look like?\" Janet looked up at Jack who wasnfuming, pacing back and forth. \"Shorter than you.\" He pointed at Jack. \"He smiled a lot.\" Jack kicked the hitching post, \"It was Edgar.\" Janet sent the little boy on his way, \"It's okay. Just be carefulnnext time and make sure you know what you are feeding them.\" He nodded andnran off. Jack turned to Janet, \"He isn't far from here. I can catch up tonhim.\" She grabbed his arm, \"You will do no such thing. That man isndangerous.\" \"Janet, we can catch him. He did this.\" \"That means he's been following us, Jack. And we didn't know it.nThat frightens me. For all we know he could be waiting ahead to ambush us,nor shoot us, or god knows what.\" Janet closed her eyes and thought of thennumerous incounters with him and it gave her the shivers. Jack noticed thenfaraway look in her eyes, and drew her towards him, comforting her. \"You are right, I am being foolish. It's our wedding day, andnnothing is going to spoil it. We don't even know it was Edgar.\" \"What if he is waiting for Leopold's coach? Jack, you need to warnnLeopold.\" \"No, he isn't going to try something like that again.\" \"You don't know that.\" \"Come on, we need to head back. I know another route we can take.nIt will be safe I promise.\" He gave her a kiss. \"You have to trust me,nMrs. Blackmore.\" She smiled as he called her that. He helped her up unto Merlin, andnshe leaned forward patting the horse. Jack mounted Mordrid, \"Why would henwant to poison Mordrid? It's just a horse.\" \"Mordrid is like Leopold's flesh and blood. He raised him from anfoal, Mordrid's mother had to be put down because of a bad leg. This horsenmeans everything to Leopold. Edgar knows that.\" \"He is sick, Jack.\" \"Yeah.\" He reached over and took hold of her hand, looked at thenwedding band on her finger, rubbing his finger across it. Edgar once againnhad tarnished something so special. He was raging inside. But knew fornJanet's sake he had to let it go. This was there day, and somehow he wouldnsalvage what was left of it, and put Edgar out of his mind.[Chapter 32] When the carriages arrived back at Balinor, Leopold was in a mood.nThe journey had been long and uncomfortable, and although he had promisednto not think about Edgar, the man was constantly in the back of his mind.nAnd it made him more irritable. The staff was eager to make himncomfortable and were very concerned because the wedding had been postponed,nand this only drove him more over the edge. As they got out of the carriage, Mrs. Collins approached him, \"Younhad us all extremely worried, your grace, after sneaking out of the housenthe other morning. You were in no condition for that long journey intonLondon on horseback and Jack should have never allowed it.\" \"I think I know my own limitations, Mrs. Collins, so if you kindlynwould mind your own business next time. As you can see, I am perfectlynfine.\" Kate was amazed at the sharp tone in his voice and turned to Mrs.nCollins, \"He is extremely tired and irritable.\" \"Speak for yourself, Kate. I am not tired and not irritable.\" \"Fine. If you will excuse me, I think I will take a nice hot bath.nI will see you later when you are hopefully in better spirits.\" She saidnsarcastically. She headed up the stairs and he followed her, \"Kate, wait.\" She was at the top of the stairs and Leopold looked down at his staffnglaring up at them, \"And what are all of you staring at. Don't you havenanything better to do.\" They scurried off in different directions. She glared at him, \"You need to learn how to control that temper.nThere was no reason to talk to Mrs. Collins that way. I realize thenjourney was long and probably you were in a lot of discomfort, but that isnno excuse.\" \"You're scolding me.\" \"Yes, I am. Now go to your room and take a nap, so that maybe we cannhave a decent evening together. Last night was wonderful, Leopold. I knownhow this injury is frustrating you but we have to live with it, try andnmake the best of things.\" She brushed her hand across his cheek, andnsmiled at him. \"Nobody likes you when you are in a foul mood.\" He tried tonsmile, \"That's a bit better.\" All of a sudden Janet came up the stairs, she was all smiles and Katengave her a questioning look. \"The ride from London must have been pleasant, you are beaming fromnear to ear.\" Leopold turned to look at her, and immediately Janet knew he was in anbad mood. She thought about Mordred and knew he couldn't be told aboutnthat. And she so desperately wanted to tell them about their wedding. Shenheld her hands together and Kate noticed the way she seemed to be playingnwith something in her hands. \"I will get your bath ready. We can talk later.\" \"You can speak in front of me, Janet.\" \"I'd rather not, excuse me, I have a lot to do.\" Leopold watched her leave, \"What is with her?\" \"Like I said, no one likes you when you are in a foul mood.\" \"I didn't even say anything.\" \"You didn't have to, it's written all over your face. Will younplease go take a nap?\" \"I hate naps.\" \"I know. Leopold, you are being so difficult. You are home now, youncan relax.\" \"I can't.\" Otis came up the stairs holding a brandy, \"Your grace, I have broughtnyou a brandy, I thought it might relax you.\" Kate smiled, \"Good job, Otis. Get him sloshed. It would be good fornhim. Excuse me; I am off to take my bath. I will see you later and younwill be smiling.\" She traced her finger across his lips. Then she wentninto her bedroom. When she entered her bedroom, Janet had already started her bath andnMeg and Molly had been bringing hot water to fill the tub. Janet wasnhumming to herself as she began unpacking Kate's trunk. \"Are you going to tell me all about today?\" \"Not much to tell.\" She was dying inside and Kate could tell. \"What is going on?\" She couldn't keep it in she held out her hand and Kate saw the ring. \"My god, Janet, you didn't? You and Jack..\" \"It just happened. I mean, I think Jack had an idea about itnhappening. He got the license in London and he had the ring, and we were atnthis beautiful little village with a lovely church and the same vicar whonmarried Leopold's parents. He was ever so charming, and he married us. Andnthat's it. I am his wife now.\" \"But it's your wedding day, you shouldn't be working.\" \"Oh, that's alright. Jack is extremely busy. He has to catch up onnthe grooming and mucking out the stalls. There is a lot to be done.\" \"I won't have that. It is your wedding day. And tonight you arengoing to have a party.\" \"No, Kate, really, not with Leopold in the mood he is in.\" \"Stuff, Leopold.\" \"I beg your pardon.\" \"Have you even told your mother?\" \"Not yet. Jack didn't want to make a fuss.\" \"And what were you going to do about your sleeping arrangements thisnevening? She was bound to notice you missing from your room.\" \"Well..I was going to sneak out.\" \"There is no reason for you to be sneaking anywhere. Jack is yournhusband, and the two of you will be together, and the staff is going to beninformed. In fact, I think I should take care of it now, before I take mynbath.\" \"Kate, really, please, I think Jack won't be pleased.\" \"I will talk to Jack.\" Kate left the room and Janet followed behindnher. The whole time talking, \"But Kate, there is no need to make a fuss. We don't need a party,nwe don't need anything except each other.\" \"I know what you are doing, Janet. You think I am going to fallnapart because it was supposed to be my wedding day tomorrow, but I am not.nYour wedding should be celebrated with your family and friends. Don't worrynabout me.\" \"And Leopold?\" \"He is the least of your worries. He's a bit of a grump today. And Inassure you it has nothing to do with you and Jack. I don't know how I amngoing to put up with him for the next month. He can't stand that he is outnof commission for awhile and he can be such a big baby.\" \"Is it Edgar?\" \"I won't have that name mentioned around here. I really am adamantnabout that, Janet.\" \"He won't be able to forget about all that has gone on, Kate.\" \"I know that.\" \"We think Edgar tried to poison Mordred. I didn't want to saynanything in front of Leopold.\" Kate turned to her in disbelief. \"When did this happen? Is Mordrednalright?\" \"Mordred is fine. It happened while we were being married. It shooknJack up quite a bit. He wanted to run after the culprit and slit hisnthroat. You know how Jack is about the horses.\" \"How do you know it was Edgar?\" \"We don't know. Someone paid a little boy 6 pence to feed him, thenbag of grain was poisoned. All the little boy said was he was shorter thannJack and he smiled a lot.\" \"Edgar smiles a lot.\" \"Precisely.\" \"I can't believe he would harm Mordred.\" \"Jack said Mordred is like flesh and blood to Leopold, Edgar is goingnto go through everyone and everything that is dear to Leopold.\" \"Janet stop talking rubbish.\" \"Millicent, myself, Mordred…Leopold has every reason to believe younare next, or possibly his aunt and uncle, Otis.\" \"Enough, I don't want to talk about it anymore. And I don't want younto say anything to Leopold. I don't want to hear Edgar's name mentioned innthis house again.\" She continued walking out to the stables, Janet on her heels. Jack was in the fenced in yard exercising Arthur, a beautiful dappledngray stallion. Jack smiled at both of them as they leaned up against the fence, andntrotted over to them. \"I take it Janet has told you.\" \"Yes. I am a bit disappointed in you both. I was looking forward tonyour wedding.\" \"We thought it was for the best. No fuss.\" \"Well, I am going to make a fuss. But Janet said you would be mad,nso I am consulting you before I go to Cook and tell her to prepare for anwedding celebration dinner.\" \"That won't be necessary.\" \"This is your wedding day, Jack. And maybe you don't want the fuss,n but maybe your wife would like some.\" He looked over at Janet, \"We have talked about this. She is notnbothered.\" \"She is saying that to please you, am I right, Janet?\" \"I want the same things Jack wants.\" Jack smiled at her. \"That is all very sweet but I don't believe it for a second. Tellnhim what you really want.\" Janet was hesitant, \"I wouldn't mind a party, just a small one, and ancake. I always thought a wedding had to have a cake. And music. I wouldnlike my husband to dance me around the room. And a nice dress to wear.\" Jack glared at her, \"If you wanted all those things, why didn't younsay so?\" \"I really only want you, but those things are nice. But they arenjust things. Now you are cross with me. Kate, this is your fault.\" \"I don't want anyone to be cross, I just want to give you a party.nLet me do it.\" \"If she wants it, that is fine by me. I wouldn't mind a little partynmyself. I wasn't so sure it was a good idea, with Leopold being so out ofnsorts.\" \"You know, Leopold has to face the fact that he is an invalid and itnis going to take time for his shoulder to heal and he has to start dealingnwith it. This party is a good thing. First thing, you both need to tellnJanet's mother. Then I will start arranging the party. And I am sure Inhave a dress you could wear, Janet.\" \"Really?\" \"Of course. We are about the same size. Music? Mum. Millard andnLeopold play the piano, but that won't do.\" \"There is a lad in town, he and his brother play the fiddle. I amnsure I could arrange for them to play.\" Jack pitched in. \"Perfect. And while you are at it, invite some of the locals. I amnsure you have a few friends in the village. The more the merrier.\" Katenwas glad to have something to do. Anything to get her mind of Edgar.nAfter Janet told her about Mordred she had felt a chill up her spine. Whonwas next? Once Mrs. Collins was told and thrilled to say the least, that herndaughter was finally happy, preparations for the evening began, much tonMillard's dismay. He shut himself off in his study, thinking the wholenidea was ludicrous. Leopold had been persuaded to take a nap by Otis andnknew nothing of the festivities going on under his roof. Jack had riddenninto town and managed to get the McClaren brothers to play and invited anlot of the local lads to the party. Cook was busy in the kitchen preparingna buffet style supper and Mrs. Collins and the girls were decorating one ofnthe unused outbuildings near the stables (similar to a barn). While Katenhelped Janet pick out a dress. When Leopold awoke, he went downstairs and found the house quiet. Henentered the kitchen and saw Cook and her crew frantically baking and traysnof sandwiches and sausage rolls, he picked one up put it in his mouth andnCook quickly slapped his hand as he tried to take another, just like whennhe was a child. \"Is something going on, I should know about? This is children'snparty food. And as I recall there are no children living in this house ornon the estate. The last time you made your sausage rolls was for my15thnbirthday, I distinctly remember you telling me that when I turned 16 Inwould be a man and birthday celebrations would be more refined in thendining room with my uncle and aunt and sausage rolls would be unsuitable. Inwas a little perturbed by this information to say the least. Of coursenthen my palate was not used to the finer culinary delicacies I would soonnencounter.\" \"As far as I am concerned, your grace, you are never to old fornsausage rolls. They are indeed for a party. Miss Katherine is in charge,nI think she is down at the outbuilding near the stables, if you would likento speak to her.\" \"The outbuilding? What in the world would she be doing there?\" \"It's a fine place for a party, your grace.\" \"It is?\" \"Of course, not the kind of party you are use to, your grace. ButnMiss Katherine said it was perfect.\" \"Perfect for what?\" He was getting a bit frustrated, not getting anynanswers. \"You don't know? Why of course you were napping. You haven't heardnthe wonderful news.\" \"And that news is…\" \"Jack and Janet were married this afternoon on the ride from London.nThey ran into Reverend Allen, he use to be the vicar in these parts. Innfact, he married your mother and father and christened you for that matter.n Ooh, you were such a lovely baby, your grace, I recall that day like itnwas yesterday. The sun was shining and your mother insisted on the party benheld in the garden, and you were the center of attention sitting out on thengrass, laughing and smiling.\" \"I am really not interested in reminiscing about my days in nappies,nthank you very much, Cook. But I am a bit surprised Jack and Janet werenwed. The plan was to have the wedding here sometime this week.\" \"Jack is such a romantic, he arranged for the license and bought herna ring in London, and the opportunity presented itself, they are hopelesslynin love. Who would have thought it, the way Janet use to follow you around.n Miss Katherine decided on the party. They wanted no fuss. You know Jack.nBut now the whole house is a buzz. Except for your uncle. He has lockednhimself into his study, wants no part of it. But your aunt is helping withnthe decorations, she will be down at the outbuilding as well.\" \"Really?\" \"Miss Katherine, is very well organized in these matters, I believenyour aunt was concerned she wouldn't be able to take charge of thenhousehold duties and plan menus, but I see that she is perfectly capable ofntaking charge.\" \"Oh, that she is, Cook.\" Millard stepped into the kitchen, \"Leopold, I thought I heard yournvoice. I hope you are not going to participate in this heathen ritual yournfiancé is planning.\" \"Heathen ritual? Sounds interesting! I thought it was a weddingncelebration.\" \"What is the difference?\" \"I believe a huge difference, uncle. And yes, I do plan onnattending; Jack and Janet are good friends. And I am sure it will be angreat party.\" \"Mixing with the servants. You know how I feel about this, Leopold.\" \"I know and I choose to ignore your feelings. They are the onlynclose friends I have ever had. I am a bit disappointed they chose not tonmarry on the estate.\" \"Good reason for that. Your aunt says they were both concerned aboutnyou and Katherine's reaction, being so close to the date your wedding wouldnhave taken place.\" \"Oh, for god's sake, does everyone feel that they have to tip toenaround me like I was some sickly child? I am grown man and I can deal withnmy wedding being postponed. I am truly happy for both of them. If you willnexcuse me, I think I will go check out these wonderful party facilities Inwas unaware of. Care to join me, uncle.\" \"Not on your life. If you change your mind, join me in my study, wencan play a game of chess.\" Leopold headed down towards the stables. Right past them was a hugenoutbuilding once used for cattle that had been kept on the estate when hisnfather was growing up. He entered the building and everyone on the staffnwas putting up festive decorations. There were hay bails situated aroundnthe perimeter. Kate was shouting out orders and then she turned to findnLeopold standing behind her, \"Well, this is a talent I wasn't aware younpossessed.\" \"Leopold\" she realized she had some explaining to do, \"Janet andnJack..\" \"I know. I got the full story from Cook. This is a lovely gesture,nKate.\" \"Thank-you. I wasn't sure how you would take it. Especially afternthe mood you were in earlier.\" \"You were right as always, I needed a nap. What time do thenfestivities begin?\" \"About 7. And you are overly dressed.\" He looked down at his attire. \"I don't see anything wrong with mynattire.\" \"Leopold, Jack has invited friends from the village. You will havento lose the waistcoat, go without a jacket and no tie.\" He looked appalled. \"When was the last time you had anything to do with regular folk?\" \"I am not positive.\" She escorted him out of the building, \"Come on, I will sort you out.\"nThey walked back up to the house together, her arm around his waist. \"Theyndidn't want us to know, can you believe it?\" \"You are alright with this?\" \"I planned it, of course I am alright.\" \"Kate, we can still have our wedding, tomorrow if you like.\" \"No, I told you what I wanted.\" \"I haven't forgotten.\" \"Good, because I am holding you to it.\" Leopold knew that Kate had delved into these preparations partly tonkeep busy and her mind focused on other things. It was going to be a longnfew weeks for both of them. Lady Jocelyn had been visiting friends in Devon for the week and whennshe arrived back at Westlake she realized Edgar was back from London. Itnwas definitely time to have a word with him. She checked upstairs in hisnrooms and he wasn't there. Millicent was napping in her own rooms. Shenhad noticed Charlotte out on her pony as she arrived, there was only placenEdgar would be and Jocelyn went to seek him out. She opened the laundrynroom door, to find Nancy sitting on a table, her stockings and knickersnaround her ankles and Edgar straddling her. Jocelyn was in no waynembarrassed. She cleared her throat and Edgar looked up, \"Mother, for god'snsake. What is it?\" Nancy quickly moved away from him and proceeded to pull up hernknickers and stockings.\" You may leave us, Nancy. And I do advise you tonget on with your work. \" \"I was doing my work, ma'am.\" She smiled at Edgar and he swatted hernbehind as she left the room. Edgar got up and pulled up his trousers.n\"Now, she is a lovely girl.\" \"Edgar, you are disgusting.\" \"I learned everything I know from you, mother.\" \"Well, I doubt that. I have heard rumors that I find despicable.nAnd I must put my foot down, Edgar.\" \"What kind of rumors? I love a good tale.\" \"Leopold's accident for one.\" \"That is old news now, mother. Devon is obviously behind.\" \"I was told you shot him.\" Edgar laughed, \"I was told that as well.\" \"And did you?\" \"Mother, really.\" \"Edgar, I know what you said the night of our party. You would likenhim dead. And I am interceding. I have made a cunning deal with LordnMountbatten, and I do not want you messing with our security, do younunderstand. Stay away from Leopold.\" \"How can I possibly do that? It is in my nature, I am drawn to him.\"nHe joked. \"Edgar, enough.\" He looked at his mother seriously, \"What is this, you are finding innyour heart some affection for the man I despise and loathe. Maybe it's hisnresemblance to his late father and you fancy a good shag with dear sweetnLeopold.\" She slapped him across the face. And he grinned. \"I have hit the nail on the head.\" \"You will listen to me. Your wife is having a child. A child neithernone of us ever expected to live and now the possibilities are fairly good.nI want you to be an attentive husband to her in these next couple of monthsnwhen it is crucial for the baby's survival. You will stay away from Balinornand Leopold. For that matter, anything or anyone associated with thatnhousehold is off limits. I don't care what you do once the child is born.nBut I want my grandson. I gave Lord Mountbatten my word that you wouldnkeep your end of the bargain, but I see you beginning to snap, Edgar, andnwhat is likely to come out of your mouth when that moment happens would benthe end.\" \"Or the beginning.\" \"There you are wrong. I rely on that money, Edgar.\" \"That is nothing, mother and you know it.\" \"I know nothing of the sort, I have the power in me to send younpacking again, and I will do so, if you jeopardize all that I have done. Inwill even go as far as taking your child away from you, once it is born.nAnd you know I have the capabilities of doing so. I don't think you wantnto jeopardize that. This child means everything to you, I know that.\" Edgar felt a bit vulnerable, which was not an occurrence he was usednto. Yes, the child was important, and he supposed he could hold off onnLeopold for the time being. What was a couple of months, once he had anchild-a son, things would be different. There would be more at stake, morenreason to pursue what was rightfully his. \"Alright, mother, you have my word. I will stay away from Balinor andnit's inhabitants for the time being. I will make sure my wife isncomfortable and rested and that this baby survives.\" \"Those are the first sane words that have come out of your mouth innmonths.\" She gave him a hug, \"You mean everything to me, you know thatnEdgar. That is why I have dealt with the Mountbattens in such a manner, sonyou would be taken care of and now the baby. We have the opportunity tonmake this family what it once was, Edgar. Your father would want that.\" Edgar didn't say anything, but he was thinking it. Hisnfather..ha…that was a joke. But he was going to go along with his mothernuntil after Millicent gave birth. Leopold would be given a few months tonenjoy what was left of his life. Because Edgar was not going to miss nextntime! The wedding celebration was well under way, and everyone was having angrand time. The music was lively and the style of dance something Leopoldnwas not used to. Everyone was laughing, and happy. Leopold, not beingnable to take part sat on the side observing the festivities, and realizednthat the lower class knew how to have a good time. He also managed to kicknback a few bottles of ale, which took away the pain, and left him numb andna bit giddy. Kate had danced with a few of the local lads and when she gotna chance to dance with Jack, he pointed Leopold out to her. \"Leopold is drunk.\" \"He couldn't be.\" \"Have a look, I don't know how much he has had to drink but look atnhim slouching. Leopold doesn't slouch. And that smile on his face,ndefinitely drunk.\" Kate couldn't help but laugh, \"You are right.\" \"Do you think he is alright, maybe you should go to him.\" \"He is fine, look at how happy he is.\" \"Are you fine, Kate?\" \"Why do you ask?\" \"The waiting.\" \"Jack, really, I am fine. 3 week will fly by.\" \"You are avoiding him. And he seems to be avoiding you.\" \"Well, a lot of male testosterone is raging inside that man, and Inthink as each day goes by, he gets a little more antsy. But he's lasted 30nyears, somehow I doubt a few weeks is going to make him go over the edge.\" \"Marry him, tomorrow, Kate. I know you are worried about his healthnbut I think the waiting is going to make him unbearable for the next fewnweeks.\" \"No, I can't do it. I know Leopold wants to go through with it, butnI am going to be selfish this time.\" \"I think you are making a mistake.\" \"You are a man, of course that is what you would think.\" \"And what is that suppose to mean?\" She didn't mean to upset him butnobviously she had. \"Jack, I can't explain it to you. I can't explain what it was likenwhen I met Leopold. You would never understand my world and how he hasnchanged the way I see love and marriage.\" She looked over at him and foundnhim very endearing sitting there on his own, drinking and enjoying thenmerriment around him. She left Jack's side and joined Leopold. She sat down next to him and took hold of his hand, he turned to hernand smile, \"The dancing is marvelous, Kate. I am disappointed that I am notnable to partake in such merriment. I have never seen anything quite likenit. And you mastered the steps like it was second nature to you. And Inremember at one time you said you couldn't dance.\" She didn't say anything just looked in his eyes, \"Kate, what is it?\" \"Are you alright here on your own?\" \"I am not on my own now, am I?\" He squeezed her hand and kissed herncheek. \"This isn't upsetting you?\" \"Not in the slightest. Everyone is so happy; it is amazing reallynconsidering what has been happening in the last few weeks. Jack and Janetnbelong together, I think it's wonderful. Of course, the ale has had someneffect to my immediate thoughts, whatever they were I am not bothered atnthe moment.\" \"Will you be bothered in the morning?\" \"I told you I would marry you tomorrow, if this is bothering you.\" \"It's not.\" \"Then why are we having this conversation? 3 weeks is just aroundnthe corner.\" He took a swig from the bottle and Kate saw something behindnhis eyes. He tried not to make eye contact with her, his frustration overnhis injury and the postponed wedding had been building up and he wasndetermined to be strong and get through this period of waiting. He wasnrelieved when Thomas approached them and asked Kate to dance. \"You go on. I am perfectly fine on my own. Watching you on thendance floor is a sight I do not tire of.\" She squeezed his hand and theynsmiled tenderly at each other. As she walked away from him she couldn'tnhelp but notice the strain between them. How the hell were they going tonget through the next few weeks? It was after midnight and villagers were heading home, Jack hadnmanaged to get fairly drunk and he and Leopold sat in a corner, laughingnand joking. Janet stood in a corner near Kate, not to happy with thensituation. \"What's wrong? You are supposed to be the happy bride.\" \"He is drunk! It's our wedding night, and he is drunk? And look atnLeopold, he is practically legless.\" Kate smiled, \"Jack will be fine. As for Leopold, this has been goodnfor him, he will sleep like a baby.\" \"He will fall asleep on me, Kate.\" \"I doubt it.\" She headed over to them and took the bottle fromnJack's hand, \"What do you think you are doing?\" Jack protested. \"You have had enough, your bride is anxiously awaiting her weddingnnight and would rather have you conscious, then unconscious.\" He saw Janetncowering behind Kate and he smiled. \"Anxious, are we?\" He stood up and picked her up, \"I think I am goingnto take my wife to bed, you will excuse us, won't you?\" \"Jack, you can put me down.\" \"No, I am going to carry you over the threshold, I know it's not muchnof one, but it is tradition and I have dreamed of the day I would have younin my arms and would be doing just this.\" She buried her head, in the crook of his neck. Kate found it verynsweet, she looked at Leopold who was oblivious to the activity and wasnnearly passed out. Otis showed up beside them, \"Should I take him up tonbed, Miss Kate?\" She sighed, not even a good night kiss. \"I guess so.\" She watched Jack carry Janet out of the building; she was gigglingnand incredibly happy. Otis helped Leopold up, and Leopold leaned on him,nKate had never seen him drunk before and he was quite a sight. She managednto give him a kiss on the forehead, and he managed to babble something tonher as they walked off, \"Kate, bed…very nice.\" She smiled, and as theynwalked away from her, she felt very alone. The staff was picking up, andnshe gazed around the room. This would have been her wedding day. Shenrefused to cry, and decided the best remedy for this feeling was to keepnbusy. She began to help clear up, with odd looks from some of the staff,nbut she didn't care. Somehow she would get through the next few weeks. Shenwas determined to stay strong. The following week, Kate dove into the running of Balinor. Shenhelped with menus and even went into town to help with the weekly shopping.n She accompanied Margaret to visit the needy, delivering hampers of food,nand saw a side of England she wasn't accustomed to. She rode Guinevereneveryday, but only in the paddock, since Leopold forbad everyone fromnleaving the close vicinity of the house. He didn't want to tempt fate. Innthe evening she played cards and even started to learn the piano fromnMillard. She missed her chats with Janet in the evening. As soon as Janet'snduties were fulfilled she would go to the stables and help Jack before theynretired for the night. Kate had been for a walk one evening near thenstables and had heard their lovemaking; she made sure never to walk thatnway again. It was obvious she was trying to keep busy, trying not to thinknof Leopold. And Leopold was doing the same. He was improving daily. He tooknnaps everyday and early morning walks with Otis. He joined the family forncards in the evening, but it was strained. The sexual tension was mounting.nHe was afraid to be too close to Kate. There time together was alwaysnshort. He locked himself away in the lab, where the finishing touches ofnhis elevator sketches were coming along. On the 7th day of their returnnfrom London, Dr. Townsend arrived to remove the stitches. A day he hadnanticipated. It was a painful experience but he had learned to deal with the painnin the last 2 weeks, and having the stitches removed meant freer use of hisnshoulder and arm. The sling would be gone and he could attempt to get backnto some kind of normal existence. After the doctor had finished Otis helped him put on his shirt, \"It's healing rather nicely, your grace, although I would havenpreferred if you would have seen a doctor in London after the stitchesntore. You are extremely lucky the wound didn't get infected.\" \"What is the verdict on my ability to get back on a horse? Or anynother physical activity.\" \"I wouldn't advise it quite yet, but then you have never listened tonmy advise before, why should you start now. The stitches may be out, butnyou will find the use of your shoulder limited for a while. I would usencaution when attempting anything of any physical description whatsoever.\"nThe doctor looked at Otis. \"He isn't the most desirable of patients, isnhe? Running off to London, after such an accident.\" Otis nodded. \"I have been good since I have been back. I have rested everyday,ngotten fresh air, remained fairly idle.\" He argued. \"Then keep it up, and that wedding will take place before you knownit. I assume that is what this is all about. Physical activity?\" Leopold was a bit embarrassed. \"Thank-you, doctor, I will consider your advise.\" Otis escorted himnout and then turned to Leopold. Who was trying desperately to put on hisnriding boots, but still experiencing pain. \"What do you think you are doing, sir? Didn't you pay any attentionnwhatsoever to what the doctor said?\" \"I am going to get back on a horse. And don't you dare tell Kate.nShe has gone into the village with my aunt. This is our secret.\" \"Sir, what is the point?\" \"The point is I am better. It is time I started to do normal thingsnagain.\" \"You can't even put your boots on by yourself, sir.\" \"Well, don't just don't stand there, come and help me for god'snsake.\" Otis did as he was told and shook his head in disbelief. Therenwasn't anything he could do. Leopold would do whatever he pleased. When Leopold entered the stables, he found Jack and Janet locked innan embrace in one of the back stalls. This was a fairly common occurrence.n Wherever he turned, they were there, kissing, being intimate. Which didn'tnhelp matters whatsoever. He cleared his throat. Janet pulled away from him. Jack noticed he didn't have a splint on,n\"You don't waste any time do you. I just saw the doctor leave.\" \"Could you saddle Arthur for me, Jack.\" \"What, not Mordred?\" \"I think I will start off with an easier ride, gradually build up mynstrength to handle Mordred again.\" Leopold looked at Janet, \"Kate isn't to know I am riding, is thatnperfectly clear?\" \"She would be mad.\" \"Janet, you won't tell her.\" Jack looked at her, and gave her an evil look, \"She won't. I'll seento it.\" \"Good. I can see that married life is suiting you both.\" Leopoldncouldn't help but see the way they exchanged glances all the time. Alwaysna twinkle in their eye. Leopold was in tuned to the gossip among staff;nJack and Janet were a very physical couple. They were known to skip mealsnand spend their time together, Leopold could only imagine doing what, whichncaused him a lot of frustration, but also gave him more incentive to getnwell. Jack didn't want to talk about married life with him, whenever hendid, Leopold acted funny, so he shooed Janet off so he could get Arthurnsaddled. Leopold stood over him trying to make idle chit chat, \"I havenbuilders coming tomorrow to start on your house. I don't know how the twonof you can bear it in such tight quarters.\" \"We don't need much space, really.\" Even a comment like that, madenLeopold think about them together. Jack saw that far away look. \"So, Leopold, you are getting back on a horse, the first feet Kate isnrequesting before you marry, how are the others coming along?\" \"I haven't fainted if that is what you are referring to. I findnmyself still tiring easily but it isn't quite as bad. As for taking Katenin my arms, well, I have been steering away from any physical contact withnher at the moment.\" Jack was surprised at his honesty, \"I know this is hard for you.\" \"Not a great choice of words, Jack.\" Jack smiled, but didn't say anything. \"I know you are laughing at me, Jack. The Duke of Albany sexuallynfrustrated is quite humorous I have to admit.\" \"So what do you plan to do about it?\" \"I am going to wed Kate, next week. Surely I can hold out till then.\" \"Leopold, that is rather soon.\" \"It will happen. But this is our secret. I plan on surprisingnKate.\" \"How can you surprise, Kate? She will see you are getting better,nriding.\" \"I am putting my arm back in a sling in her presence. Tell her therenis a minor setback. She will not see me ride.\" \"That is cruel.\" \"I want her to have the perfect wedding day. And it will be. I willnneed your help on arranging a few things and keeping this whole event mumnto her. Maybe you shouldn't tell Janet my intentions, she might informnKate and ruin everything.\" \"So is this going to be the big affair your aunt wanted? Socialitesnfrom London, Royalty, the whole works?\" \"No, not at all. A quiet affair, family and friends in the chapel. Inhave thought about this all week, and I know what would please her.\" \"I think you are the only thing that will please her.\" Jack raisednhis eyebrows. \"Do you think we can refrain from that topic of conversation? I amnwell aware it is the only thing on your mind since taking Janet for yournwife.\" \"Are you insinuating that I married her solely for the sex?\" \"You said it, I didn't it.\" Leopold teased. \"Leopold, you think that badly of me. I love her with all my heart.\" \"I know.\" They took Arthur out into the paddock. \"Alright, your grace, let's see if you can mount a horse on yournown.\" \"No assistance whatsoever?\" \"You want back on a horse, you do it on your own.\" Leopold had to usenhis left shoulder muscles to pull himself up on to Arthur's back, and Jacknwatched apprehensively as he struggled. He was determined, but all Jackncould see was the pain in his face and wondered if he was indeed rushingnthis. But somehow, he did it. \"Voila!\" Leopold looked proud of himself, and Jack shook his head. \"You have a long way to go, my friend.\" \"Have some confidence in me, Jack.\" \"Believe me, I want to.\" Leopold took the reins in his hands and gave Arthur a kick, hengalloped around the paddock. Typical Leopold, when he should've startednout walking. Jack just shook his head. He seemed to be fairing all right.n Jack had to hand it to him he was one determined man. After a few timesnaround the ring, he rode over to the fence where Jack was leaning againstnit. \"Not bad, under the circumstances. So when are you going to do thisnsecret riding?\" \"Early. Kate is never awake before 9 and I can get in extra practicenwhen she goes into the village with my aunt.\" \"How is the pain?\" \"Minimal. Really, this feels invigorating.\" \"Well, it seems that Balinor will have it's wedding this weekend andnthe Duke will take his Duchess.\" \"So you believe it's plausible?\" \"Why are you asking me, Leopold? If you want something, you normallynget it.\" \"This is a different matter.\" \"It's plausible. You are doing the right thing, in my opinion.\" \"I value your opinion.\" \"Then it is my opinion you have probably had enough for today.\" \"I am just getting started.\" Leopold complained. \"I'll give you 10 minutes.\" \"Since when do I answer to you?\" \"Since you value my opinion and you don't want me to tell Kate.\" \"Blackmail.\" \"Precisely, your grace.\" Jack smiled. Leopold gave him a sneer and turned Arthur towards the center of thenring. As he rode he felt the confidence coming back. Things were lookingnup and there would be a wedding at Balinor! Leopold smiled, gave Arthur anpat and continued his ride.[Chapter 33] Leopold managed to get through the week without Kate having any ideanof his intentions. His arm remained in a sling in her presence and hencontinued his routine, which included his afternoon naps. Kate didn'tnquestion it, she knew the doctor had been and the stitches removed, butnLeopold had told her that it would be at least another few weeks till henwould be able to have movement in his arm, the way he would like. All Katencould think was 'what was another week?' But on the sly, Leopold wasnplanning and making arrangements. There were a few people in London henwanted to invite (or rather his aunt and uncle would be appalled if thenwedding occurred without them) and he was apprehensive about sending Jacknon his own. In the back of his mind was the Edgar fiasco, so he hired anlocal lad to go. The last thing he wanted was something to happen tonanyone on his staff or family. A string quartet needed to be hired for thenreception, because of Kate's love of dancing, and he couldn't pass up thenMcClaren Brothers who had played at Janet and Jack's party and caused suchnmerriment to the event. This was to be a very odd wedding, indeed. The bestnof both worlds. Jack arranged for Reverend Allen to marry them, andnLeopold knew exactly what flowers would be appropriate to decorate thenchapel and the ballroom. The staff kept quiet and didn't let on to Kate.nWith Leopold's guidance Cook had planned a buffet, and everything seemed tonbeing falling into place, except the approval of his uncle and aunt. AuntnMargaret had been upset when she heard of Leopold's plans. This was not anwedding fit for a duke, and Millard thought the whole idea ludicrous, butnLeopold was not going to let it slide. This was his family and he wantednthem to approve and understand his reasoning behind the whole affair. Kate was riding with Jack in the paddock, so Leopold found thenopportunity to discuss the wedding with them. They were in the sunroom,ntowards the back of the house. It was a beautiful day and his aunt wasnworking on a needlepoint. Millard relaxing with the paper, when Leopoldnentered. Before Leopold could speak Millard put his hand up, \"If you have comenin here to upset your aunt even more, you might as well turn around now andnleave.\" \"I have no intentions to upset anyone. I want to discuss this matternwith both of you. It is of great significance that you both understand mynreasoning behind this decision. I am not deliberately trying to spite you,nas I might have done in the past.\" His aunt looked up at him and saw the sincerity in his eyes. \"Ha! You have always been difficult, Leopold. Never playing by thenrules, never heeding my advice..you have spited me all your life. If yournfather was alive..\" \"None of this would be happening. I most likely would never havenbeen in New York and never met Kate and my life would not be like it isntoday. But that is beside the point. You and Aunt Margaret have raised menthe best way you knew how, and there were times I believe I was in thenright questioning your choices, but I also regret some of the cynicalnremarks I have made in the past. I think once you hear my reasoning fornthis wedding you will feel differently.\" Millard gave him a glare over his paper and Margaret put hernneedlepoint down, \"Do sit down, Leopold. Your uncle and I are prepared tonlisten.\" She gave Millard an evil look, as he was about to speak. Leopold sat across from them. \"First of all, I know you have alwaysnwanted the best for me, and this wedding was going to be the best as younplanned it, Aunt, but neither Kate and I fit in with the social crowd innLondon, or the royals. Having these people at our wedding, that have nonconnection to us whatsoever except that we are in the same class isnabsolutely absurd. I find most of them arrogant, pompous, unintelligent,nand basically people who waste my time with their gossip and snobbishnattitudes. Kate feels very much the same way, but would never say that toneither one of you out of respect. I have no problem stating my opinion.\" Margaret smiled, \"Oh, yes, we are very much aware of that, Leopold.\" \"I am giving Kate a day she will cherish, one with family andnfriends, people we both respect and love. Yes, it is unconventional. Inwant my staff there; Otis will be giving the bride away, Jack, my best mannand Janet, Kate's matron of honor. This is how I want it. I don't care ifnit's not the way it should be. I want laughter and merriment, and I wantnboth of you to be a part of it. You have always wanted my happiness. Well,nthis will make me happy.\" \"Of course we want you to be happy, Leopold.\" \"But at the expense of the family? We will be the laughing stock ofnall of England, allowing a wedding like this to take place.\" \"Uncle Millard, it is going to take place on Saturday. That is twondays from now. Why do you care what the whole of England thinks of you?nYou should be thinking of your family, aunt Margaret, Aunt Agnes andnmyself. Isn't family what is important?\" Leopold had raised his voicennow. And Margaret reached over and placed her hand on his knee, pattingnit. She was accepting it, why couldn't his stubborn uncle? \"The last few weeks have been difficult for this family. I want fornone day to feel joy and happiness, see Kate smile again. She thinks thisnwedding will never happen, she thinks I am going to be killed. Can't younallow me to do something for her that will give her some pleasure? Are younthat uncaring, uncle, that you enjoy seeing her so miserable?\" Nonchalantly he said, \"I hardly find her miserable. She has beenntaking charge of this household much like a future Duchess should, she isnextremely occupied with various tasks. Too me that is not being miserable,nthat is her duty. And she seems to be taking pride in it. Veryncommendable indeed. Something I would not have expected from her.\" \"Yes, very commendable.\" Leopold said sarcastically, \"she is keepingnherself occupied so she can take her mind off Edgar and my injury and thenfact she should have been married by now.\" \"As I recall, Leopold, she is the one that postponed the wedding.\" \"Because of me. I am making it up to her with this surprise. I amnbegging you uncle to reconsider your position, and be in attendance onnSaturday.\" \"Begging, Leopold? This is not like you.\" Leopold was angry, his uncle was being a stubborn bastard, \"I amngetting married on Saturday, and I would like you there, but whether younare there or not, the wedding is going to take place.\" Leopold turned tonhis aunt, \"I do hope you will not side with him, aunt Margaret. I would bendevastated if you were absent on such an important day in my life. Now, ifnyou will excuse me, I have a lot of things to attend to.\" He started to walk out feeling defeated. It had done no good andnthen his aunt spoke up, \"Leopold, wait.\" He turned around, and stood silently looking from his aunt to hisnuncle. Margaret was looking at Millard, and it was flustering him. \"For god's sake, woman, stop giving me that look.\" \"I think your Uncle might have something to say to you, Leopold.\" \"I can't think of anything. What are you talking about, Margaret.\" Leopold sighed, \"I really am quite busy and you are wasting my time.\" Flustered Millard stood up, paced around the room a bit and lookedndown at the floor before he spoke, \"I will be at this ridiculous spectacle,nLeopold. Only because I would not be able to bear the punishment I willnreceive from your aunt if I don't attend. I still do not approve.\" \"Millard!\" Margaret said sternly. \"Alright, alright, in the last week I have grown quite fond ofnKatherine.\" Leopold was a bit surprised and smiled. \"She is coming on quite well in running this household and shenpossesses a talent for the piano, which I find promising. She still comesnacross a little too brash at times, but I have come to the conclusion thatnI like her honesty and she knows how to put you in your place, which is anfeet in itself.\" Leopold smiled. \"I think she will be delighted with this surprise. I am not sayingnthat I approve of the unconventionality of the whole affair, because I donnot. But it tends to fit with the unorthodox ways of the bride and groom.nAnd I do believe that this family does deserve a little happiness at thisntime.\" Leopold moved closer to them both, \"I believe you are giving me yournblessing, in your own way, uncle.\" \"I am doing no such thing. Do not twist my words, Leopold.\" Leopold went to him giving him a hug, something Millard was not usednto, \"Thank-you, Uncle. This means the world to me.\" \"Somehow I doubt that.\" Margaret sighed. It never changed between the two of them. Both asnstubborn as the other. \"Leopold, don't I deserve a hug.\" He let go of Millard and hugged his aunt, kissing her cheek, \"It'sngoing to be a glorious day.\" \"I think you could be right. Now I insist on helping in anyway Incan.\" \"Everything is under control for the time being, but I am sure thenday of I will need all the help I can get.\" \"And Kate has no idea?\" Millard asked. Leopold smiled, \"None. She believes I am out of commission fornanother 3 weeks, strict Doctors orders.\" Margaret smiled, \"You are quite clever, Leopold, to be able to pullnthis off.\" \"I am a man desperately in love, and I she has put up with a lot overnthe last few weeks, I am going to give her the day she has longed for,nnothing less.\" Margaret looked over at Millard. And even Millard saw the longing innLeopold's eyes. It had been a hard few weeks for all of them, but they bothnbelieved it was hardest on Leopold. Desperately trying to hold his familyntogether. This wedding was what everyone in the household needed. Therenwas a silence, and Margaret almost felt like crying. Millard broke thensilence, \"Just because the staff is going to be a part of this affair doesnnot mean I will be acknowledging them in any other way than that as mynservants.\" \"Of course, uncle. I wouldn't expect you to converse with them.nAlthough, you might find them a rather interesting lot. You probably didn'tnknow Lily is quite an artist when she has time, and I know how much younenjoy the arts. And Thomas knows how to play a wicked hand of cards.\" \"That man, never!\" Leopold smiled, there was hope for Millard. He was relieved thatnthis had been sorted out. The wedding would be taking place with all thenfamily in attendance, and Leopold was determined that nothing would disturbnthe festivities. Of course he was thinking of Edgar, he was always on thenedge of his mind. He had been concerned that one of the staff would getnword out of the wedding to the inhabitants of Westlake, but so far that hadnnot occurred. And he had hoped to invite Millicent and Charlotte but wasn'tnsure how he could without having some backlash from Edgar. He would havento think of something. Leopold headed out to the paddock and watched Kate practicing herntrot around the ring, and smiled. For a city girl, she was fairing prettynwell. She smiled as she saw him approach. \"I wish you could join me.\" \"In due time.\" He looked over at Jack and winked and Kate noticednit. She maneuvered Guinevere over to the fence where Leopold stood, \"Whatnwas that wink?\" \"I was winking at you, darling.\" \"I don't think so.\" She said suspiciously. \"You were winking atnJack. What is going on?' \"As you can see nothing. I have been obeying your orders and gettingnmy acquired rest and fresh air. Taking it very easy. In fact, my plans fornthe elevator are nearly complete. I will be going to London as soon as Inam able to have them patented and soon I will be able to see my inventionnactually in use in the 19th century. Obviously, the thrill has been takennaway slightly due to what I witnessed in New York.\" \"It doesn't make it any less important.\" \"I suppose not. And you…I hear you are keeping the staff in order.\" \"You are changing the subject.\" Jack had dismounted Merlin and walked over to them helping Kate off.nLeopold addressed Jack; \"She is under the impression we are keepingnsomething from her.\" \"Something, like what?\" \"I have absolutely no idea.\" \"Okay, I know when you aren't going to tell me a thing. I will justnhave to speak to Janet.\" Kate was expecting them both to be a bit concernednbut they weren't. \"So you are okay with me talking to Janet.\" \"Talk all you like. Nothing is going on.\" Margaret was heading towards them, \"I am sorry to interrupt, but I amngoing to need Katherine's assistance Saturday morning, I promised dearnsweet Mrs. Thompson I would bring her by. She loves Kate's stories. Andnshe is a old woman.\" This was part of Leopold's plan; get Kate away from the estate in thenmorning so the final preparations could occur. \"Not Saturday.\" \"What is wrong with Saturday?\" Leopold asked. \"You can't possibly benconsidering denying this poor old woman your company?\" \"Actually I have plans.\" \"Plans? What kind of plans?\" Leopold was a bit alarmed. \"I have invited Millicent and Charlotte over for lunch.\" \"How did you manage that? Kate, I told you to stay away fromnWestlake.\" \"And I have. I saw them in town when I was with cook at the market.nShe is looking very well, and Edgar is in Birmingham for a few days. Indidn't think you would mind, in fact, I thought you would enjoy thendiversion.\" \"Right, of course, and I normally would of course.\" \"But…\" \"You should go with my aunt and I will send word to Millicent to joinnus for dinner instead.\" \"Dinner?\" \"Yes, dinner. We have to eat dinner, correct?\" \"Leopold, you are acting strange. I guess that will be fine.\" Shengave him an odd look. And put her hand on his forehead. \"What are you doing?\" \"I want to see if you have a temperature. Maybe you are coming downnwith the flu. You are behaving strangely.\" \"You would be behaving strangely as well, if you had as much time onnyour hands as I do. Bored, half out of my mind. The excitement of my daynis walk around the garden, or possibly a rip roaring game of cards.\" Henplayed it up, making his voice animated. \"Okay, sorry…I know, you are having a difficult time. I am sorry.' \"Apologies excepted. Now I must leave you, I intend on finishing upnthat project by this afternoon. I will see you at dinner.\" He leaned overnthe fence and gave her a kiss on the cheek. She couldn't remember the lastntime he had actually kissed her on the lips, possibly the last night innLondon. He was acting very peculiar indeed. Saturday morning arrived. Kate and Margaret went into town so thenhouse was a buzz with last minute preparations. The ballroom was ready fornthe party. It looked beautiful with the carefully selected bouquets thatnsurrounded the room. The chapel too, looked beautiful. Leopold had givennthe core staff an extra 5 guineas so they were able to purchase new attirenfor the affair, once he saw everything was in order, he headed up to hisnrooms where Otis was preparing Leopold's wedding suit. \"Well, Master Leopold, this is to one glorious day. How are yournnerves holding up?\" \"I haven't had time to be nervous, I have been to busy making sureneverything is in order.\" \"Kate will be pleased with all you have done. You have put so muchneffort into this affair.\" \"I want it to be perfect. I really don't know what Kate is used to,nI could have it all wrong.\" \"Surely, weddings in America are very similar, sir.\" Leopold thought of 21st century New York and had no idea what kind ofnweddings Kate's friends and colleagues had had. And he knew in the lastnfew months she was slipping away from her 21st century self, and becoming an19th century lady. He thought he knew what she would like; he hoped he hadnit right. Otis noticed his faraway look, \"I have drawn you a bath, sir. Inthought it might help you to relax.\" \"She is the right one, isn't she, Otis?\" \"Of course she is, sir. I knew the minute you looked at her acrossnthe ballroom floor. And I still see you look at her that way. You arenfeeling a bit of pre-wedding jitters, I am afraid.\" With his mind elsewhere he made his way into the bathroom removingnhis clothes and slipping into the deep tub of warm water. Otis handed himna brandy. \"Ah, perfect, Otis.\" \"I will leave you alone with your thoughts, sir. If you neednanything I will be in your room.\" \"Thank-you, Otis.\" After he left, Leopold took a sip of the brandy and tilted his headnback against the back of the tub and sighed. The day had finally arrived.nIn a few short hours he would be taking Kate as his wife. He felt a sensenof satisfaction, mixed with a slight bit of apprehension. These two thingsndidn't go together, but he felt them. He had never spoken about hisnfeelings on the subject to anyone, except Kate. And now the day hadnarrived. He had to stop dwelling on it, or otherwise everything was boundnto go all wrong. Jack and he had obviously joked about the subject, butnJack had no idea about Leopold's virtue. For the first time in his life,nhe wished he wasn't going into this evening totally lacking experience.nWell, it was too late now. If Kate loved him, surely everything would benfine. God, he hoped so! Kate arrived back to Balinor exhausted and was rushed upstairs bynJanet who had drawn her a bath. She noticed Janet's nervousness. \"Janet what is it?\" \"Oh, nothing. You must get in the bath.\" Kate looked at her cautiously, \"Okay.\" Kate got in and felt she could fall asleep, except Janet insistednsitting by her side and never shut-up. Kate was not paying attention to anthing she was saying. \"You can't fall asleep, Kate.\" \"Why not? I am tired.\" \"Leopold… he's waiting.\" \"Waiting for what?\" \"What I meant was, he wanted to see you when you returned.\" \"I am not going anywhere, he can wait till after I take a nap.\" There were noises outside the house and Janet went to the window,nKate barely acknowledged them. Carriages were arriving and heading up thenhill to the chapel. Janet looked back at Kate who had fallen asleep. Janet went over to her and shook her, \"You mustn't sleep. You willnspoil everything.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Get out of the tub and you'll see.\" Janet handed her a towel and she wrapped it around herself andnfollowed Janet into the bedroom where Leopold's mothers wedding dress wasnlying on the bed, a single white rose lying on top of it and a handnwritten note from Leopold, Kate gasped and covered her mouth, \"Oh, my god,nJanet. What has he done?\" Janet picked up the rose and note and handed them to her, she took anwhiff of the rose. She knew what it meant, Leopold had told her all aboutnthe meaning of flowers. The white rose meant, \"I am worthy of you\". Shenread the note to herself. Dearest Kate….I request your presence at Balinor chapel at 3pm on thenafternoon of June 20th in the year 1876, where I would take great pleasurenin becoming your husband. This day will be our day to cherish forever. Inlove you with all my heart….yours forever, Leopold. She began to cry. Janet brought her a handkerchief, \"Come on, now.nIt's nearly 2:30 now. We don't have any time to waste.\" \"I don't deserve him.\" \"Of course you do. He knew the minute he laid eyes on you he wantednyou for his wife. He wanted so much to surprise you.\" \"How long have you known?\" \"They didn't think they could tell me, but I swore I wouldn't say anword. He only started planning it last week. It is so romantic.\" \"This is just amazing. I can't believe this is happening.\" She handed the dress to Kate, \"Leopold had it fitted to one of yourndresses, and it should be perfect.\" Kate held the dress in her arms, holding it close to her chest.nTrying to take this all in. She went behind the screen and put his mothersndress on. And it fit perfectly. She came out, and Janet smiled, \"Oh, Kate, you look beautiful, let me help with you the buttons innthe back\" Kate turned while Janet buttoned up the back and she faced thenmirror. She couldn't believe how much it suited her. It was simple butnelegant. Ivory in color, with a lace bodice and ¾ length sleeves. Shentwirled around and sighed, she felt like a princess. \"We have to do something with your hair.\" \"Do anything you want. Nothing can take away this feeling I havenright now.\" Leopold dressed in black tails looked elegant as ever as he stood innthe chapel awaiting his bride. Jack stood by his side, noticed Leopoldnlooking at this pocket watch. \"She's not coming.\" \"Oh, for gods sake, Leopold, she will be here. Otis and Janet arenwith her. It is only 5 minutes after.\" \"She could've changed her mind.\" \"Not likely.\" The string quartet was playing a Bach piece that Kate adored and thennLeopold saw Janet. All smiles as she headed towards the quartet andnwhispered in the violinist's ear. The music changed tempo and the weddingnprocessional began. Janet came down the aisle looking over at Jack andnthem smiling at Leopold, as she took her place, and then Leopold watched asnOtis escorted Kate down the aisle, she looked amazing. The dress wasnperfect. Leopold thought he might cry. There was a portrait of his mothernand father on their wedding day, and the sight of her in the dress took hisnbreath away. Leopold took her hand as she approached him and they both could not takentheir eyes off each other. The crowd was silent, and the reverend begannthe ceremony. But neither Kate or Leopold recalled much of what was goingnon. Leopold remembered saying he would take Kate to be his wife andnputting the ring on her finger, but the rest of it was a blur. Kate wasn'tneven sure if she had responded. When the reverend pronounced them man andnwife, he took her in his arms, the first time in weeks and kissed her. Hengot lost in the moment and then realized there was an audience. He couldnhear whispers and sighs and mumblings, and felt truly embarrassed, as henlooked out at the guests, all smiling at them. Kate squeezed his hand, andnhe looked into her eyes, then the wedding march began and he escorted hernout of the church. Once outside, he took her in his arms again, and made sure there wasnsome amount of privacy. Janet and Jack were there, but that didn't bothernhim, and he gave her another kiss this time with more conviction andnincredibly passionate. Kate responded accordingly and then slightly pulled away. There wasna tear in her eyes and Leopold wiped it away with his finger, smiling atnher tenderly, \"Kate, what is it?\" \"I am overwhelmed. This is incredible what you have done. .. I hadnno idea. And your arm is out of a sling.\" She rubbed her hand on hisnshoulder gently, \"Are you sure you are alright?\" \"I am fine. There is still some slight discomfort, but hardly any tongrumble about. And in your presence, the pain is non existent.\" \"The wedding was beautiful, I couldn't have asked for a more perfectnday.\" \"It is not over yet.\" He squeezed her tightly, \"So how does it feelnto be the Duchess of Albany?\" \"It feels mighty fine, my darling husband.\" \"Ah, I am a husband now, a roll I look forward to immensely I mightnadd.\" He had a twinkle in his eye. She managed to give his bottom a slap, \"I know what you arenthinking?\" \"What was that for?\" \"Your roll as husband..\" \"What are you implying that I am only concerned with having you in mynbed? Do you think that is why I have planned this whole affair?\" \"I think it might have something to do with it. You are impatient.\" \"I can't deny that, but I assure you my roll as husband goes farnbeyond the bedroom.\" \"I am glad to hear it.\" \"And I am hoping you feel the same about the roll you have as mynwife, the Duchess of Albany.\" \"I take this title very seriously.\" She teased. \"Really. Then you will have no problem with the required tasks anDuchess might provide.\" \"Like what?\" \"Fetching my slippers, massaging my feet, always remaining a fewnsteps behind me when we are out in public, never disturb my sleep, agreeingnme with wholeheartedly…\" Leopold was smiling. \"Okay, you can stop there.\" \"But that is only just a beginning.\" He teased. She placed her hand on his cheek, \"I think for the time being we willnstick to the most important task a Duchess can provide.\" \"And what pray tell is that?\" He smiled at her. She passionately kissed him, his hands caressed her back. Guestsnwere now coming out of the chapel and Jack had to slap Leopold on the backnto get his attention. \"Hey, I think you need to save that for the bedroom this evening.\" Leopold blushed a bit, and let go of Kate, taking hold of her hand asnthey greeted their guests before they headed down to the house for thenreception. After awhile of small talk, guests began to head down to thenmain house and Jack had brought Mordred up to Leopold. Kate lookednpuzzled. \"What's this? You can't be back on a horse?\" \"That was part of the agreement. I am definitely back on a horse.\"nHe mounted Mordred with no problem, and then reached his hand down for Katento grab it, \"Take my hand.\" \"Leopold, I don't think this is the wisest idea you have had.\" \"Just take my hand, trust me.\" \"Right, I remember the last time I was on horseback with you. Younscared the shit out of me.\" \" I assure you I am riding you down to the house, and that is all.nTake my hand.\" He now commanded and then added, \"Please.\" She did, and she wasn't sure how he managed it, but he pulled her upnand had her sitting in front of him. He encircled his arms around her asnhe took the reins. He whispered in her ear, \"This feels very satisfactorynindeed.\" \"You be careful. It's downhill all the way, and If I fall…\" \"Would I allow you to fall? You are the most precious thing in thenworld to me. You are in good hands, I assure you. Relax.\" \"Easy for you to say.\" He smiled, and took one of his hands and rubbed it across her thigh,nit made Kate tremble and he felt it, \"Are you cold?\" \"No,\" she said with a little hesitation in her voice, and he leanedninto her neck kissing it, and when he had to take the hand off her leg tonhold on to the rein, she wanted it back. Taking hold of his wrist andnplacing his hand back on her thigh. He smiled, \"Ah, I see…this is allnfine, but I can't ride with one hand, Kate.\" \"Try.\" \"I thought you wanted me to be careful.\" \"Careful is overrated, I am willing to take the risk.\" He smiled. \"Alright, the risk we will take, if it makes you happy.\" He oncenagain kissed her neck. And took both reins in his right hand. \"That is nice too.\" Leopold found himself a bit flushed as he headed the horse down thenhill towards the house. Part of him wanted to continue down the road andntake her away from the gathering of friends and relatives in the house. Henwanted her all to himself. But he was also anxious to enjoy the party withnthe people he cared most about, and he knew Kate would want that too. The celebration was a joyous one. More upscale then the party a fewnweeks ago for Janet and Jack. The mixed group of Lords and Ladies, DoctornTownsend, Millicent and Charlotte, aunt Agnes, Millard and Margaret andnthen the staff was interesting. A waltz would play by the string quartetnand then the McClaren brothers would do a fast jig, and even Millard andnMargaret and their friends, people Leopold had known since he was a child,nwere up and frolicking with the staff. Leopold was especially tickled tonsee Millard dance with young Molly, and he was actually enjoying himself.nOf course, the amount of champagne he had drunk might have had something tondo with it. Both Kate and Leopold worked the room, so they danced withneveryone it seemed but each other, At one point Leopold was dancing withnCharlotte, Millicent's 9 year old, and he was thoroughly enjoying himself.nThinking how unlike Edgar she was, which was a good thing. Kate dancednpassed him with Millard and smiled, \"I am jealous. You are having way tonmuch fun.\" \"I am afraid, Kate, that I have made a dreadful mistake and I donbelieve Miss Charlotte is the young lady I was intended to marry.\" Henteased. Charlotte giggled, \"Don't be silly, your grace, you are way to oldnfor me.\" \"Old? You think I am old.\" \"A bit.\" \"So I have no chance.\" \"You are married, sir.\" \"It is a shame, isn't it? I suppose I will have to die of a brokennheart.\" \"I can be your friend, like mama is. But I plan on marrying GarethnAtkins.\" \"And who is this Gareth Atkins, is he worthy of you?\" \"Papa would say no, but I say yes. He is a farmers son.\" \"A farmer is a fine profession.\" \"Papa says you followed your heart and that was stupid.\" \"And how do you feel about that Miss Charlotte?\" \"I think following your heart is wonderful.\" \"You are very wise for one so young and I am sure Gareth Atkins isnone lucky fellow to have the affection of such a bright beautiful youngnlady as yourself.\" Kate who had been dancing next to them smiled. Leopold was good withnchildren, and she thought of the day they would have one of their own. Shenalso thought of Charlotte and the household she was being brought up in.nIt was sad, but somehow Charlotte seemed very well adjusted. The musicnended and Charlotte saw Kate standing next to her. She toke hold of Kate'snhand and placed it into Leopold's. \"I think you look beautiful when you dance together. Just like thenprince and princess out of Cinderella when they danced at the ball.\" Katenand Leopold smiled down at her. A waltz started up and Leopold proceeded tonwaltz her around the room. \"I am yours the rest of the evening. So please, do not leave my sidenor I will be swept away by Dr. Townsend's wife or Lady Ratcliff. She keptnpinching my cheek, and it was truly horrifying.\" Kate laughed, \"Try dancing with her husband, he has a twitch in hisnneck and I keep thinking he's going to lead me in the other direction.\" \"Are you enjoying yourself, otherwise?\" \"It's wonderful. Everyone is having such a good time. Even yournuncle. You were ever so sweet with Charlotte.\" \"She is a lovely little girl, surprising enough considering who hernfather is.\" \"You aren't going to mention him.\" \"No, I am not. And Millicent looks lovely this evening.\" \"I agree. It is hard to believe it's the same woman we encounterednat her house only a month ago.\" \"I know your friendship has meant the world to her.\" She knew whatnhe was thinking. Edgar was there in his mind, how could it not be talkingnabout Charlotte and Millicent. She quickly changed the subject. \"What other surprises do you have in store for me this evening?\" \"Ah, now that is something I will not divulge at this time. You mustnbe patient, my darling wife.\" \"Not even a hint?\" \"My lips are sealed.\" \"I am sure it will be ultimately romantic, and way beyond my highestnexpectations.\" \"So you do have expectations?\" \"You will not disappoint me, Leopold. That I am sure of. Everythingnyou do you do extremely well.\" Leopold started to feel a little hot andnbothered as the music ended, \"I really could use a glass of champagne, join me.\" She knew he was a bit apprehensive about their wedding night, but shenfound it sweet. She was enjoying the party, but she was anticipating theirnfirst night together more than she thought imaginable. She didn't realizenshe was staring blankly into space until Leopold waved his hand in front ofnher. \"Are you still with us?\" \"Of course.\" She took his arm, \"Champagne. Isn't that what younsaid?\" Leopold had a feeling he knew what she was thinking, much the same ofnwhat he was thinking, he pulled out his pocket watch and saw the time wasnaround 9pm. The party was far from over. He wondered if they could sneaknaway, it was a thought. First the champagne.[Chapter 34] WARNING: THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS MATERIAL NOT INTENDED FOR A PG-13nAUDIENCE. RATHER THAN CHANGE THE RATING OF THE WHOLE SAGA, I WILL LET YOUnUSE YOUR OWN DISGRESSION IN READING THIS. THE SEXUAL CONTENT OF THISnCHAPTER IS UNSUITABLE FOR CHILDREN UNDER 13 AND ANY OTHERS WHO MIGHT FINDnTHIS SUBJECT OFFENSIVE. BEING THE TYPE OF PERSON I AM I HAVE USEDnSENSITIVITY IN THIS TOPIC THAT I BELIEVE REFLECTS THE CHARACTERS INVOLVED. The merriment continued and after a few glasses of champagne and dancing,nLeopold and Kate stood in a quiet corner silently contemplating what thennight had in store. Finally Leopold broke the silence and at the same timenKate started to speak and they both nervously laughed. \"Ladies first.\" Leopold offered. \"No, no, I am sure what you have to say is a lot more interesting.\" \"I am feeling a bit fatigued.\" Kate looked concerned, \"I knew this would happen, you rushed thisnwedding, Leopold. It has been too much excitement.\" He smiled, \"No, no, that is not the case. What I mean is, I wouldnlike to retire for the evening. Our guests are enjoying themselves andnwon't even know we are gone.\" She smiled, \"Oh, I see.\" \"Do I take it that means you are willing to leave?\" She nodded. \"Good. I do have something I need to take care of; it will only takena few minutes. You will wait for me right here?\" \"Of course.\" He smiled and gave her a quick kiss and he left the ballroom. As she waited, she looked around the room at everyone enjoyingnthemselves and smiled. It had been a wonderful day; Jack and Janetnapproached her a little out of breath from their last dance. \"Not a good sign, the bride on her own. Where has Leopold buggerednoff to then?\" Jack was a little tipsy. \"I don't know. He said he would be back shortly.\" Jack smiled, \"the nervous groom is delaying the inevitable.\" Janet playfully hit him, \"Jack, stop that. You are being rude.\" He looked at Kate who was smiling, \"I am only teasing of course,nKate. I am sure Leopold is anxiously awaiting his first night as yournhusband.\" Janet shook her head in disgust, \"Don't mind him, Kate. He has hadntoo much to drink as usual. Are you enjoying the party?\" \"Oh, yes. It's been marvelous.\" \"Where is Leopold taking you? He is taking you on a proper honeymoonnisn't he?\" \"I don't know.\" Jack looked concerned. \"He isn't planning to take you anywherentonight, surely? It isn't safe, Kate.\" Leopold approached them, \"What isn't safe, Jack?\" \"I was only concerned about you taking Kate on a honeymoon, I don'tnlike the idea of you traveling at night. I know Edgar is supposedly innBirmingham, but I still have apprehension about it.\" This was something he had thought a lot about and although he wouldnhave loved to given her a proper honeymoon, it didn't seem plausible atnthis time. He was quiet. Kate spoke up, \"Why did you bring that up, Jack?\" Leopold put his arm around Kate, \"Kate, Jack is concerned about ournwelfare, I find that highly commendable.\" He turned to Jack and Janet,n\"You will excuse us, won't you, I'd like to speak to Kate in private.\" \"Of course.\" Janet gave him a nudge and whispered, \"Look what younhave done now, Jack. Why did you have to bring up Edgar? Ruin their wholenwedding day!\" He took her by the elbow and escorted her onto to the dance floor. Leopold escorted Kate out of the ballroom and picked up a candle onnthe sideboard, which he lit. And they walked in silence to the foot of thenstairs and he stopped and faced her, \"I am afraid I am not able to give younthe honeymoon I would have liked. Jack's concerns have been mine as well.nI can't leave my family at this time and I am hoping you won't be toondisappointed in spending your wedding night here.\" He had looked so serious, Kate had thought there was going to be somenmajor problem, but she smiled in relief. She put her arms around him,n\"Leopold, I don't need a honeymoon. I have you, that's all I want andncould ever possibly need.\" He lightened up a bit, \"That is a relief. In all honesty I wasn'tnthrilled with the whole idea of traveling anywhere. I rather like stayingnput. Well, without further ado, my darling dearest wife, let us retire tonour chambers for the evening. It has been an incredible exhausting day andnI for one and am desperate need of a bed.\" He had a twinkle in his eye. She smiled, and took his arm and they proceeded up the stairs. As they reached the bedroom door, he put the candle down, opened thendoor and picked her up, carrying her over the threshold. They were both anbit giggly and the room being fairly dark Leopold nearly tripped over thenleg of a chair. He set Kate down and picked up the candle, Kate took holdnof his hand and was surprised when he pulled her in the opposite directionnof the bedroom. \"Leopold, the bedroom is that way.\" He turned and smiled at her and headed towards the bookcase in thencorner, which he pushed, and it revealed a passageway, Kate was surprised,n\"You have a secret passageway. Leopold, this is incredible.\" \"A lot of old houses have them, this was my favorite hiding place asna very young child. My father had no idea I knew it existed, but beingnrather curious, I stumbled upon it and from then on I was often found innhere.\" He closed the bookcase behind them and they walked through the darknpassageway, lit only with the single candlelight. It was very eerie, andnKate held onto Leopold's hand tightly. When they reached the end of the passageway Leopold pushed on whatnseemed to be a wall and as it opened Kate was amazed by the sight ofnhundreds of candles illuminating a beautiful large room. \"Leopold, this isnbeautiful.\" She was in awe as she took in her surroundings; it was a sitting roomnand bedroom in one. The candles strategically situated throughout thenroom, a bottle of champagne and glasses on a table and a magnificent 4-nposter bed against the wall, Leopold watched her expression and could seenshe was pleased. \"This is perfect.\" He felt awkward and needed something to do so henopened the bottle of champagne and it managed to spill down his sleeve,n\"Damn!\" he spurted out. Kate turned towards him and saw how incrediblynnervous he seemed. She moved closer to him, as he tried wiping the spillnwith a handkerchief. She took it from his hand and he eyed her, \"That won't do you anyngood. Take your jacket off.\" He looked apprehensive, but did as he was told. After removing hisnjacket and draping it onto the chair, Kate poured him a glass of champagne.n She handed it to him and then proceeded to loosen his tie and unbutton thentop buttons of his shirt, \"Is that better?\" He nodded as he took a swig of the champagne and watched as Katenkicked off her shoes and let her hair fall down onto her shoulders, givingnit a slight shake. \"My feet are killing me.\" She sat down on the bednsipping her champagne. \"This is amazing, the whole day, Leopold. You really have outdonenyourself.\" \"I am glad you are pleased.\" He still stood at the other end of thenroom and Kate found it very sweet. She had had quite of few glasses of champagne, and she kept gettingnthe giggles, \"Are you going to stand there all night?\" \"No, of course not.\" He poured himself another glass and made his waynto her side. She had put the glass down on the floor and had lain backnonto the bed looking up at the canopy, \"Is that real velvet? It isnabsolutely gorgeous. You know I always wanted a bed like this when I was anlittle girl.\" He sat on the bed and was looking down at her, she thennfocused on his face and smiled tenderly, \"And I always wanted a dashingnprince to take me away from the suburbs of New York. I guess a debonairnDuke will have to do.\" She took him by the collar and pulled him down onntop of her kissing him, he was still holding the glass of champagne andnsomehow managed not to spill it holding it out to his side. Being a bit tense, Kate let go, \"Leopold loosen up.\" \"I was trying not to spill the glass of champagne, for god's sake.\" \"Loose the champagne.\" He sat up and swigged it back setting it and the glass she had put onnthe floor on the bedside table. When he moved back over to her, she oncenagain pulled him on top of her. She tried finding the fastening of hisntrousers but was fumbling. For some reason, this annoyed Leopold and henwasn't responding, as Kate would have liked. \"Leopold, what is wrong?\" \"Are you always this aggressive? Because I find it very unromanticnand not how I envisioned our first night together.\" He sat up and turned away from her. \"I am sorry, I just thought you might be nervous and if I made thenfirst move, it might be easier.\" \"Kate, I am perfectly capable of making the first move, given thentime.\" Kate didn't know if she had blown it, and sat up putting her head innher hands, this wasn't how it was suppose to be. Leopold sulking on thenother side of the bed. She didn't know if she should say something, ornjust let him sulk, this was a tough call. \"How did you imagine our first night together?\" \"Not like that. I am not some brash sex driven American male whonwants nothing more than to have his trousers removed by a womannimpersonating a whore.\" Kate was a bit outraged, and Leopold realized he had said too much. She stood up, \"fine. I think I will go back down to the party, ifnthat's how you feel about me…I don't think I have ever been called a whorenbefore and never thought my husband would call me one!\" Leopold stood up and took hold of her hand, \"Kate, Kate, I didn'tnmean that. Please. I am sorry. I had no right to say that. It wasnincredibly insensitive and no gentleman should ever say such a thing to anynwoman, let alone his wife. Forgive me, please. I don't know where my headnis at the moment.\" She turned and looked at him, he was still holding on to her hand andnpleading for forgiveness with his eyes. He gently kissed her hand, andnproceeded to gently kiss her up her arm all the while looking up at her andnwatching her reaction change. He reached around her with his other handnand pulled her close to him, \"I don't want our night to be ruined by mynchildish behavior.\" Kate, although a little put off by his words, understood hisnannoyance with her. She was acting like some sex crazed college girl, whoncouldn't wait to get into his pants. That is not what Leopold was allnabout. \"I believe I was the one being childish.\" She admitted, \" And Inforgive you. You were right, I was acting like a whore.\" He brushed her cheek with the back of his hand and looked in herneyes, \"I want to be your lady, Leopold, I want this to be right for you.\" He smiled, \"And it will be, it will be right for both of us.\" Henpassionately kissed her and Kate let him make the moves knowing that is hownhe wanted it to be. While caressing her back he had found the dress had anrow of buttons down the back, one handed he tried to unfasten one and foundnit impossible, Kate noticed his frustration, he stopped kissing her andnlooked down her back seeing what the trick was, \"Who the hell would putnbuttons like this on a wedding dress?\" Kate laughed and he followed suit, \"Maybe some mother who obviouslynwas not pleased at her daughters choice in husbands. Thought the man wouldnbe so frustrated he would give up and she would have her precious daughternback.\" \"How the hell did my father cope with these?\" Leopold now stood behind her, unbuttoning the buttons one at a timenwith both hands. \"Well, so much for being suave and sophisticated innundressing you. I am not doing so well am I?\" \"You are doing fine, Leopold, really? You are laughing, that'snimportant. Don't take it so seriously.\" After he finally managed the last button, he raised his hands inntriumph, \"the task is complete.\" Kate let one sleeve fall off her shoulder and as she began to takenthe dress off Leopold stopped her, \"Please, let me have the pleasure.\" She smiled as he carefully removed her dress, leaving Kate standingnin her slip. He let out a deep sigh as he noticed her nipples showingnthrough and gently placed his hand over one of her breasts, Kate thennsighed, as Leopold began kissing her neck and her chest. She movednbackwards to the bed and Leopold gently laid her back and laid next to hernon his side, his left hand caressing her leg and finding his way up hernslip. The way he touched her was like nothing she had ever experienced. Itnwas tender and gentle and sensual all at the same time. He managed tonunbutton her camisole revealing her perfectly formed breasts. \"Ah, Kate, you are more beautiful than I ever imagined.\" He took hisnfingertip and traced it across her breasts and nipples, and Kate sighed. \"Are you sure you have never done this before?\" \"What are you insinuating?\" \"You seem to know what you are doing?\" \"I read a lot of books.\" She laughed, \"I am serious.\" \"Believe me, so am I.\" \"What kind of books are these?\" \"Can we talk about this later?\" He found everything all a bit odd.nHow was he suppose to concentrate on anything. In his mind, so much wasngoing on. He sat up and removed his shirt, trying to collect his thoughts.nThen stood up picked up his glass and moved over the table, pouring himselfnanother glass of champagne. Kate propped herself up on one elbow, watchingnhim. She sat up and removed her slip, then slipped under the covers. Shendidn't want to pressure him. He was doing just fine, but needed some timento compose himself. He turned to look towards the bed, and noticed she wasnactually in the bed. He began to blow out the candles, leaving only a fewnstill burning. Now feeling a bit more comfortable, the glass of champagnenhad helped, he crossed the room again and sat on the opposite side of thenbed removing his shoes and his trousers and quickly getting into bednbesides her. He moved closer to her. Kate was lying on her back, Leopoldnpropped himself up on his right elbow so he was looking down at her. Shenreached up and pushed his hair away from his face, a tender look passednbetween them. Leopold's left hand began to explore her naked body, hisntouch was tender and passionate and Kate shivered as his hand brushed overnher breasts and her stomach, he leaned forward and kissed her forehead, herneyelids, and eventually found her lips where his kiss was more sensual thennit had been in the past. Then his hand caressed her upper thigh, Kate knewnwhere he was going and sighed, anxiously awaiting to feel his touch betweennher legs. But he stopped, in fact his hand backed away and rested on hernstomach. She placed her right hand over his left, which was on her stomach,ngently squeezing it and then guiding it between her legs, where Leopoldnfelt her warmth and wetness. She took her hand away and touched his facentenderly. \"That's what you do to me, Leopold.\" He smiled and found pleasure watching her face as his finger gentlynexplored this unfamiliar territory. He then took her hand and placed it onnhis penis, which was hard and erect, \"and that is what you do to me, Kate.\" Kate was relieved he had relaxed and knew now that he was okay withnher making any kind of advancement, the initial awkwardness was now gone.nShe began stroking him and Leopold thought he was going to lose it; henfinally had to take her hand away, \"This is too quick,\" \"Are you okay?\" \"I am perfectly fine, in fact I would say I have reached a state muchnhigher than that. I want it to last.\" He rolled towards her and took her in his arms, gently caressing hernshoulders, her head on his chest, kissing her. \"I love you, Kate.\" \"I know. I love you too.\" \"I have waited all my life for someone like you.\" She sensed anlittle sadness in his voice; she wondered what he was thinking. The way henheld on to her, was like he was afraid he would lose her. He then rollednso she was underneath him, and began to fondle her breasts. He sensuallynran his tongue across her nipples which caused her to shiver, he took oneninto his mouth and gently sucked on it causing Kate's body to arch, henallowed his fingers to explore between her legs once more sending her bodyninto pure ecstasy, before he entered her and as they moved together as one,nLeopold's body arched he held onto her with all his might and they bothncame in the same moment, his body trembled and she held him caressing hisnback, gently kissing his chest. He fell limp into her arms. She strokednhis face and gently kissed him. It took him a few minutes to composenhimself. \"Well, I now understand what all the fuss was about.\" He smiled. \"That's it? That is all you are going to say.\" He rolled on to his back bringing her with him, so she lay on top ofnhim. He held her close, stroking her hair and her back, he liked thenfeeling of her naked body against him, \"Incredible…enjoyable…a sensation Inmost definitely would like to include in my daily life, if you arenagreeable.\" She loved when he teased. It was sweet. \"Somehow I doubt Incould achieve this kind of pleasure on my own.\" \"Well, that is encouraging. I am glad I have some purpose for you,ngiving you pleasure.\" She put on a little pout. \" Extremely gratifying pleasure, Kate.\" He leaned towards her, \"Nonenof this.\" He traced her lips with his finger; \"I obviously have not metnyour expectations as a lover, other wise you would have a smile on yournface. Possibly I could use a little more practice.\" He reached downnbetween her legs and felt she was still wet, \"Ah, I see, you still desire me.\" He teased. \"You are surprised?\" \"I guess not. What's not to desire?\" he smiled. \"Stop being so cocky and self-assured.\" \"On the contrary I am only desirable because the lady that is sharingnmy bed makes me so.\" \"You are so damn good at twisting everything around. All you have tondo is change a word here, a word there.\" \"I want to make myself perfectly clear, everything I say is inncomplete sincerity.\" He looked quite serious and she smiled. \"Curious what you meant about the practice.\" \"Oh, the practice. So you do feel I could use some?\" \"Well, everyone should strive to better themselves.\" \"Oh, I see.\" \"I have no complaints mind you, but there is always room fornimprovement.\" \"No time like the present. Any objections?\" \"I can't think of any at the moment.\" He pulled the covers up over their heads and began to playfully kissnher and tickle her. She pulled away from him, laughing, \"Leopold, stopnthat.\" He managed to pin her down, \" Don't like tickling, do we?\" \"Not especially.\" \"And what pray tell do you like?\" \"You are teasing me and this is really cruel. Leopold, I want younfor god's sake.\" \"You have got me, Kate.\" He started kissing her neck and slowlynmoved down to her breasts, his hands caressing her whole body. She feltnimpatient and excited, and Leopold wasted no time and entered her a secondntime. Their lovemaking was tender and passionate; Leopold wanted it tonlast as long as possible this time, although inexperienced, he was in totalncontrol. This time Kate was the one who lost control and clung to him asnshe came, Leopold followed suit and they both then fell exhausted unto thenbed. While not feeling any discomfort at the time, he felt a throbbing innhis shoulder and Kate noticed as he rubbed it. \"Your shoulder? Are you alright?\" He rolled towards her facing her holding her in his arms, and managedna smile, \"I am exhausted and extremely content. My shoulder is nothing.\" She too felt exhausted and yawned, \"It has been a magnificent day,nLeopold.\" \"That it has been.\" He stroked her hair as he recalled the last fewnhours, the wedding, the party, and their lovemaking. It was only a matternof minutes and Kate had fallen asleep in his arms. He kissed the top ofnher head and smiled, this was what was important. It had been a day ofnforgetting the troubles of his ancestral home, the blackmail and Edgar. Henclosed his eyes and thought of Kate, knowing tonight would be the firstngood night sleep he will have had in weeks. Leopold was an early riser, and was awake before Kate. She was lyingnon her side, right next to him and he couldn't think of a more beautifulnsight to wake up to. She was so peaceful and he didn't want to disturbnher. He got out of bed and pulled on his trousers, and made his way downnthe passageway to his rooms, where he found Otis sorting out his clothes. \"I didn't expect you to be up so early, sir. Did you sleep well?\" Leopold blushed, \"I did, Otis. It was a very pleasant eveningnindeed!\" \"And Miss Katherine?\" \"Sleeping like a baby. I was hoping to have some breakfast broughtnup to us.\" \"I can arrange that sir.\" \"Wonderful.\" \"I must say, sir, you look remarkably well, and in such high spirits.n I believe marriage suits you.\" \"I will have to agree with you, Otis. Marriage does indeed suit me.nI can't remember ever feeling quit like this before. I recommend itnhighly.\" \"I will keep that in mind, sir,\" \"How is the courtship between you and Cook going, Otis?\" \"Sir, really.\" \"How many years has it been now? Let's see at least 20! Don't younthink it's about time you popped the question?\" \"My obligations are to you, sir. I do not have the time to be anhusband.\" \"You make the time, Otis. Don't use me as an excuse. You knownperfectly well, I would be all for a marriage between the two of you. Insuggest you seriously think about it. Life is to short. Live for thenmoment, Otis.\" \"I will think about it, sir.\" \"Good.\" Leopold paced the floor a bit. Looked out the window. He had a lotnof nervous energy, and Otis smiled, \"You should go back to Miss Katherine,nsir. I will bring your breakfast up within the hour.\" \"Right, I will do that. Thank-you, Otis.\" He headed back down the passageway and found Kate still asleep. Henremoved his trousers and climbed back into bed next to her, she stirred andnsnuggled up close to him, putting her arm across his bare chest. Leopoldnplaced his left hand over hers and sighed closing his eyes. This is how henalways wanted it to be.[Chapter 35] Life at Balinor took on a new existence following the marriage ofnKate and Leopold. An existence everyone in the household was pleased with.n Margaret gladly handed over the major running of the house to Kate, andnKate enjoyed her newfound authority, although she still had to rely onnMillard for any money, and this was something she hated. But she wasndetermined to have Balinor running as efficiently as it could under thencircumstances and was hoping it wouldn't be long before she would be takingnover the household books as well. Leopold was not optimistic; he knew tonwell how Millard felt about the accounts, but if anyone could crack him,nKate could. She had warmed her way into his heart within the last fewnmonths, and Millard seemed to be much more tolerable. The anxieties that faced them before the wedding almost seemed non-nexistence. There had been no run ins with Edgar. In fact, Edgar hadnallowed Millicent visits to Balinor to see Kate. Which Leopold foundnstrange. He knew something was amiss, but what he wasn't sure. And notnwanting to disrupt the pleasant atmosphere he had been encountering as ofnlate, didn't question it. Leopold was in the process of having his elevatornactually built and operating in London within the next year. Married lifenhad given him a new lease on life. He was happier, more content. His lovenfor Kate grew everyday and now the prospect of starting a family was verynmuch on his mind. Especially since it was evident, Janet was now withnchild. She had been experiencing morning sickness now for the last week.nLeopold had been supervising the building of their cottage on the estatenand had promised them it would be completed before winter set in. Thenstables were dreadfully cold in the winter, definitely no place for anpregnant woman. As the summer was coming to an end, with it came shorter days andncolder nights and Leopold had to tend to business in London concerning thenconstruction of the elevator; Kate dreaded the thought of his absence. Henhad requested her to accompany him to London but she had too much to do atnBalinor. The second night of his absence a terrible storm seemed to appearnout of nowhere. Kate, Millard and Margaret were playing cards when theynheard banging on the front door. Millard looked up from his hand, \"Mynword, what is all that racket?\" Millicent looked up as well, \"I am sure Parker will see to it.\" Kate stood up, \"Don't you find it odd, visitors at this time of nightnand in this kind of weather?\" Kate didn't wait to see what was going on.nShe left the drawing room and headed down the hall to find Parker withnCharlotte Spencer standing inside the doorway drenched. \"Charlotte whatnhas happened? Parker go get a blanket, she'll catch pneumonia for god'snsake.\" Kate went over to her, and bent down so she was at her level, she wasncrying, \"It's mama, ma'am. I think she is having the baby.\" \"Where are your father and grandmother?\" \"I don't know. I think London and grandmamma is in Devon for thenweek. The baby isn't supposed to be coming this soon. There is no one innthe house and I didn't know what to do except come here.\" \"What? Where are the servants?\" \"There's a party in the village and Mama let them all go. Papa wouldnnever have allowed that. But Mama said she was fine. She was going to readnand go to bed, but something happened. She says the baby's coming.\" \"You did the right thing, Charlotte, coming here. I am sureneverything is going to be fine. How did you get here?\" \"On Clover, my pony. Mama didn't want me to come.\" \"Don't you worry about a thing. I'll get Jack and he can take usnover in the carriage and then go fetch Dr. Townsend.\" \"But Papa doesn't like Dr. Townsend, he has a special doctor fornMama. She has a hard time, ma'am, having babies. I am really scared.\" Parker came back and draped a blanket over Charlotte. She had started tonsob uncontrollably. And Kate put her arms around her. Millard andnMargaret had joined them by this time, as well as Mrs. Collins and Janet. Kate turned to look at Parker \"Parker, have Jack hitch up the carriage, Inam taking Charlotte back to Westlake.\" Millard protested, \"Katherine, that is unadvisable. I am surenLeopold would be adamant about you stepping foot anywhere near that house.\" \"Leopold is not here and Millicent is having a baby alone. I amngoing.\" Janet stepped forward, \"I have some experience, Kate. I helpedndelivery my previous employers wife's baby a few years back. Would younlike me to come and help?\" \"That would be wonderful.\" \"Katherine, we can send Mrs. Collins and Janet. I would advise younstay here at Balinor. I am sure they will cope just fine.\" \"I don't mean to defy you, Millard, but I really think Millicentnwould like me there.\" \"And what if something happens.\" Kate looked at Charlotte, who was taking all of this in. \"I am notngoing to discuss this with you in front of the child, I am going and thatnis the final word on the subject.\" She was sounding more like Leopold,neveryday! Jack had the carriage rigged up and when he pulled it up to the frontnsteps of the house he was surprised that Janet was with Kate and Charlottenand he stopped Janet as she was about to step into the carriage, \"Where donyou think you are going?\" \"I am going to help Kate.\" \"You are not. Go back in the house.\" He grabbed her arm. \"Jack, let go of me. Kate knows nothing about delivering a baby, Indo. I know you don't want me anywhere near that place, but Edgar is notnthere. Millicent needs our help. It will be fine.\" Jack didn't like any of this. \"It is bad enough that Kate isninsisting on going, Leopold would have a fit. And you as well. I justndon't have a good feeling about any of this.\" She rested her hand on his cheek, \"You will be there too. My knightnin shining armor. I am safe whenever you are in the vicinity.\" \"Stop joking.\" \"I am not joking.\" \"And I won't be there, I will have to go fetch the doctor.\" \"Which will take an hour. I think we can take care of ourselves innan hour.\" \"In this weather more like two. And what is with all the servantsnbeing gone? What kind of household is that man running?\" Kate leaned her head out the window, \"Can we get a move on.\" Janet quickly kissed him, \"Stop worrying.\" And then she climbed innthe carriage next to Kate and Charlotte. The storm was getting worse and it was a rough ride to Westlake evennin the short distance. When they arrived Charlotte took them upstairs tonher mothers room, where Millicent laid in bed pouring with sweat andnclenching her abdomen in pain. When she saw them she felt relieved andnheld out her hand to Charlotte, \"I was so worried. You shouldn't have gonenout in this weather.\" Charlotte went to her mother and took her hand, \"It's alright mama,nKate…she said I could call her that, was glad I came.\" Kate went to her bedside, \"I have sent Jack for the doctor, let'snhope you can hold on till then.\" \"The pains are closer together, Kate, I think it's going to be soon.\" Janet asked if she could have a look, and after examining thensituation nodded to Kate, \"Soon, very soon. We need some boiled water andnclean sheets.\" \"Charlotte, be a good girl and go get the sheets.\" Millicent saidnweakly. \"I'll get the water,\" Janet said as she followed her out. Millicentnthen had a bad contraction and immediately grabbed Kate's hand. Kate hadnnever seen anyone in so much pain and it freaked her out. But she sat bynher side and talked to her like she had seen in TV shows. Keep the motherncalm. Kate was so glad Janet was there. She knew what to do, and was veryncalm. Kate took Charlotte into the nursery and read to her for a while andnput her to bed, Millicent didn't want her in the room for the delivery justnin case there were complications. Kate thought, god forbid. It was badnenough there were no doctors or equipment, please no complications. After Kate finished reading to Charlotte and pulled the covers up tonher chin, Charlotte said, \"She is going to be okay, isn't she? I hate mynpapa for doing this to her. She is not good at having babies.\" She begannto weep again. Kate took her hand, \"We are going to do everything we can to makeneverything okay, and Jack is bringing the doctor. I don't want you tonworry.\" As Kate said this she was extremely worried. 2 hours passed and the baby's head was crowning, and no sign of Jacknand the doctor. Kate was panicking and Janet had to take her aside, \"Younhave to stop this. You are only making Millicent more apprehensive. Womennhave babies everyday, we can do this, but you need to be calm.\" \"Janet, she has had 3 miscarriages and a stillborn child, do you knownwhat to do if there is a complication?\" \"We will do the best we can.\" \"Why hasn't Jack gotten here?\" \"The storm is holding him up, I am sure.\" \"You are not worried?\" \"Kate, Jack can take care of himself he will be fine and here shortlynI am sure. Now come help me. This baby is ready to come out.\" Kate held Millicent's hand once the pushing started. And thenexcruitiating pain she was going through had Kate having second thoughts ofnhaving a child. The next thing Kate knew Janet was telling her to push onenlast time and Janet was holding a squirming infant in her arms and smiled,n\"It's a boy.\" Millicent smiled wearily, \"A boy! And he's alright?\" Janet gave him a whack and he let out a wail, \"I'd say he was fine.nJust listen to that set of lungs on him.\" Kate was amazed at watching this whole procedure. Janet nonchalantlyncut the umbilical chord with a sterilized knife and wiped the baby up withna clean sheet and handed him to his mother. Kate noticed all the blood onnthe bed and Janet seemed not concerned. \"Kate, look at him. He's beautiful. He's perfect.\" Kate, who had never felt infants in the least way beautiful, feltnsomething different as she looked at the bundle in Millicent's arms. Therenwas something about being a part of it that took on a special meaning. She smiled, \"Yes, he is beautiful.\" \"Kate, would you mind getting me something. I have spent all summernknitting him a blanket and I would like to wrap him in it.\" Millicent wasnnearly in tears, \"I just can't believe he's alright. It's a miracle, Kate,nthat is what it is.\" Kate understood her joy, and it was amazing that after her previousnexperiences that this baby survived. Kate smiled.\" Sure, I'll get it.\" \"It's in my mother in laws room. I enjoy the view from her window,nwhen she isn't here I often sit in there and knit. I think it is by thenwindow, or near her dresser. It is the 3rd door down on the left.\" Kate left Janet to clean up and Millicent looking radiant holding theninfant in her arms, and went down the corridor to find the blanket. Shenhad only candlelight and there was an eerie feeling to the house, being sonquiet and empty. She passed each door wondering what room belonged tonEdgar and felt extremely curious. But continued to Lady Spencer's room andnfound the blanket lying on the floor next to the window, as she leaned overnto pick it up, she couldn't help but notice something under the bed, anbeautiful carved wood box. Curiosity had the best of her and she pulled itnout. It was locked. She looked around the room, and went to the topndrawer of the dresser, and rummaged her hand through the undergarments andnfound what she wanted. It was too easy. She took the key and opened thenbox. Inside was a leather bound journal and Kate took it out and openednit. The writing was a bit hard to read, but the date was 1853 and shencould make out it belonged to Lord Spencer, obviously Edgar's father. Thatndate meant nothing to her. She skimmed through the first few pages andnfound boring information about bank accounts and house repairs, and thennthere was something about him being ill. She went on a few pages and herneyes fell upon the name The Duke of Albany and Kate stopped. She began atnthe beginning of the page and tried to make out what it said. 1 April 7, 1853 Today the pain has been excruciating and the doctor says I will not make itnthrough the week. Jocelyn spent the afternoon with me and after hours ofnsilence she revealed information to me that could possibly change mynfamilies lives and the tremendous burden of debt I was to leave them in. Inam not Edgar's father. I suppose I am not surprised, Jocelyn was popularnwith the men before I married her, and when I did propose she was verynquick in saying yes…Edgar was born shortly after. But I was surprised tonhear of his paternity. It is none other than a man I have loathed all mynlife, The Duke of Albany. Of course I knew he had courted Jocelyn, butnnever in my wildest dreams would I have believed she had been his lover. Inwas outraged to begin with but as I thought about it I realized that Edgarnand Jocelyn were my family, and I loved them both. I also realized that henwas 2nd in line to become the Duke. Leopold, Philip's son was only onenmonth older than he. I have put aside the pain and have now concentratednon the future of Westlake and my family. They will not suffer and Edgar isnof royal blood and will get what he deserves. I may not be alive tonwitness it but I will have the satisfaction when I die of knowing that mynfamily is being taken care of. That was all it said for that dates entry and Kate read it in shock.nLeopold and Edgar were brothers! Jack and the Doctor arrived and Dr. Townsend immediately took over,nchecking the baby and Millicent, Jack took Janet aside, \"Where's Kate?\" Janet had forgotten Kate had left, how long ago was it? \"She went tonget a blanket for the baby, that was ages ago. I'll go find her.\" \"You will stay put. I don't like the feeling I get in this house,nand I am not having you wandering around it on your own.\" \"You are being ridiculous. There is no one here!\" \"Maybe I am, but I am more comfortable having my wife and child,\" hengently patted her stomach, \"in the company of others while in this dreadednplace. I'll go look for Kate. By the way, you did a good job,\" he lookednover at Millicent and the baby. \"And you didn't want me to come. Kate would never have coped, she hasnbeen a wreck the whole time.\" \"I am being overprotective.\" He smiled childishly. \"Just a tad bit, but it's very sweet.\" She gave him a kiss, and thennhe headed out of the room in search of Kate. Kate hesitated, turning the page; her head was swimming with theninformation she was holding. She was afraid to go on, but couldn't stopnherself. The next entry was dated a few days later. 2 April 10, 1853 Everything has been arranged. I have been busy the last few days. Thendoctor says take it easy but there is too much to do; I have to finalizeneverything before I depart this world. The Duke and his family are leavingnfor India in 3 weeks; my men have their orders and will carry them throughnwhether I am alive or dead. Edgar will be Duke, and he and my wife willnnever want for anything again. The Spencers will be out of debt, Westlakenwill thrive to the magnificent home it once was, and Balinor will belong tonEdgar. I couldn't be happier with how everything is turning out. I am readynto die in peace. That was it. Kate turned the page and there were no more entries. She feltna headache coming on, she felt sick to her stomach. As she turned thenpages an envelope slipped out and written on it was \"To be opened upon thendeath of the Duke of Albany\". Kate felt her head spinning; she didn't seenJack enter the room. \"What the hell are you doing?\" It frightened her and she dropped the letter, he approached her andnknelt down on the floor next to her picking the letter up and reading it.n\"Kate, what is this?\" He felt a little bit sickened. She held her head, it was spinning, nausea came over her, and shenfelt she was going to cry, \"Jack, Edgar's father…no, wait, he isn't Edgar'snfather. Lord Spencer is not Edgar's father.\" He put his hand on her shoulder, \"You are talking gibberish, what donyou mean by that? Kate, are you alright?\" \"I think I am going to be sick.\" She leaned forward on to him andnbefore she knew it she had thrown up onto his shoulder and back. \"Kate!\" He didn't know what to do. He managed to remove his jacketnand took a handkerchief and wiped Kate's face. \"Calm down.\" She collapsednin his arms and he put his arms around her. \"Jack, it's horrible.\" \"What is?\" \"What Lord Spencer did. He killed Leopold's parents.\" \"Don't be ridiculous. He died before Leopold's parents.\" \"He wrote in this journal, Jack, read it. Read it and you will see.nI know why Edgar wants Leopold dead!\" \"Does this have something to do with that letter?\" \"It is sick, and if this is what Lady Spencer is blackmailing Millardnwith, I now understand his reasoning. Leopold can't ever know this.\" Jack took the book from her hands and then helped her up, \"I amnconcerned about your health at this time, Kate. You are pale and younmanaged to throw up all over me. I want to get you out of this house andnback to Balinor right away.\" \"We can't go. We can't leave Millicent.\" \"What? Don't tell me you are planning to stay the night here? Arenyou crazy? Edgar could return at anytime.\" He took her over to the edge of the bed and she sat down. \"Read thenjournal, Jack.\" \"I don't think I want to. Not here. This place gives me the creeps.nMaybe we could take Millicent, Charlotte and the baby back to Balinor.\" \"Jack, they are brothers. Leopold and Edgar are brothers.\" Jack stood over her looking shocked, \"There is absolutely no way!\" \"There is. Read it please. I am not crazy!\" He went over to the window looking out at the stormy night sky andnthen down at the journal he was holding in his hands. \"April 7th…read the entry for April 7th.\" She pleaded. Jack slowly opened the journal and flicked through its pages, findingnthe April 7th entry and reading it silently. Kate saw his expressionnchange. He looked up at her in disbelief. \"Kate, Lady Spencer lied to hernhusband, there is no question in my mind. You can't possibly believe this.n They are nothing alike.\" \"Why would she lie? Her husband was dying. Why would she want to putnhim through such grief if it wasn't true?\" \"I refuse to believe it.\" \"Fine, read the next entry. The last entry in the book.\" He turned the page and read the last entry, not saying a word. \"Henhad Leopold's parents killed. Oh, my god, Kate.\" \"It doesn't say that but it's pretty obvious. Leopold was supposednto be on that boat with them. Leopold was meant to die as well, that hasnto be what this letter is about.\" She held up the letter. \"Edgar'snparentage is revealed in this letter, Edgar would've become Duke upon thendeath of Leopold.\" \"This is absolutely absurd. I can't believe it.\" \"It's all written down there, Jack, what isn't there to believe?\" \"I think we need to put this stuff back where you found it and getnout of this house.\" \"You do believe it. And you are concerned.\" \"Alright I am.\" She stood up and headed for the door, \"Where are you going?\" \"To Edgar's room.\" \"Kate, we are going back to Balinor, now!\" He grabbed her arm andnthey nearly bumped into Janet in the hallway. \"What is going on, you two?\" Jack was getting angry; \"I am taking both of you back to the house.\" \"Janet, tell your husband to take his hands off me, and tell him I amnnot going anywhere.\" Janet was very confused. \"Are you going to tell me what is going on?\" Jack and Kate looked from one another and then at Janet. Kate triednto change the subject, \"How is Millicent and the baby?\" \"Dr. Townsend says they are doing fine. Dr. Townsend says you wouldnbe taking him back to town, Jack.\" \"After I take both of you back.\" \"We can't leave Millicent alone. Dr. Townsend was glad we would benstaying.\" \"You are crazy, Janet, if you think for one minute I am allowing younto stay in this house after what that bastard has done to you.\" \"He isn't here. You are being ridiculous.\" \"But he could come back at any moment.\" \"You are paranoid.\" \"Kate tell her, tell her what you found out.\" Kate looked at both of them and then back at Jack, \"I thought youndidn't believe any of it.\" They were interrupted by Dr. Townsend, who walked out into the hall,n\"Lady Spencer is settled in for the night. The baby seems fine. Isneverything alright here?\" He sensed the tension between them. \"Everything is fine, Dr. Townsend.\" Kate answered. \"Good.\" \"It is hardly fine, Kate nearly fainted and she just threw up on me.\" Kate gave him evil look, and Dr. Townsend looked concerned, \"I shouldncheck you out before I leave, you could be coming down with something.\" \"Jack is over exaggerating.\" \"He maybe, but I really insist. If something should come from thisnand I hadn't checked it out I would feel responsible.\" Dr. Townsend escorted her back into Lady Jocelyn's room where thenjournal and letter still lay on the floor. He had her lay on the bed, andnJanet couldn't help but notice the letter and picked it up. Lookingnshocked by what she read on the outside of the envelope. She glanced overnat Jack, and he shrugged his shoulders and then she picked up the journal. Dr. Townsend checked her pulse and felt her forehead listening to hernheart, \"When was your last menstrual cycle, Katherine?\" \"I don't know. I don't keep track anymore.\" Janet looked over atnKate and smiled. \"You're pregnant. You feel nauseous and moody and faint. You arendefinitely pregnant, isn't she Dr. Townsend?\" \"It would be my first diagnosis, yes.\" Kate couldn't believe this, she might be pregnant, Edgar now had anson, Leopold's parents had been murdered by Edgar's father or innactualality his stepfather, and Leopold and Edgar were brothers. This wasntoo much for her for one day. \"You will be fine, Katherine. Won't his grace be pleased, I wouldnthink you would be overjoyed.\" \"It's been a long day.\" \"And you need to rest. And I will leave you to it.\" Jack dreaded thenride back into the village, leaving Janet and Kate here. \"Jack, I don'tnexpect you to take me all the way back to the village in this weather. Inoften stay at the Manvers farmhouse not far from here. Would you mindntaking me as far as that?\" Jack was relieved. \"That would be fine,\" He picked up his jacketnand it reeked of vomit, \"Well, I guess I am going coatless.\" \"Jack you will be drenched. I am sure we could find a coat aroundnhere for you to wear out.\" \"I am not touching anything that belongs to that piece of scum.\" Henturned to Dr. Townsend, \"Excuse me, sir. I will be waiting downstairs.\"nHe then turned to Janet and Kate, \"And you two, will stay out of troublenwhile I am gone.\" Janet nodded and Kate just scowled at him. After they left Janet was still holding the Journal and Kate had satnup in bed. \"Are you going to explain what's going on?\" \"Read it for yourself, journal entry April 7, 1853.\" \"That was a long time ago.\" \"Just read it.\" Kate had a throbbing headache. Janet gasped as she read about Edgar's parentage, \"I knew it. Itnreally is true!\" Kate was surprised, \"What do you mean you knew it? You knew Edgarnand Leopold were brothers?\" \"I speculated. Edgar said things when…well…you know…he was alwaysnblurting out and bragging. I barely paid attention; I just wanted it overnand done with. I would close my eyes and try and think of other things.\"nThe memories came back and it made her feel ashamed. \"The first time, hentold me I should be happy with him because I couldn't have Leopold, but Incould have the next in succession. I was young and didn't reallynunderstand. But he talked about being related to Leopold and it didn'tnmake sense to me. I told my mother and obviously Millard was told. Inbelieve part of the reason I was sent away was because I knew about Edgarnbeing Leopold's brother. Even though at the time I really hadn't put twonand two together. I knew too much. I put it to the back of my mind, andnnever really even thought about it. But when I was Edgar's mistress hensaid more things, things about Leopold having the life he truly deservednand things should be as easy for him as Leopold, life had dealt him a badnhand so to say. And when he came back to England, things would bendifferent. That Leopold would learn the truth.\" \"You have never said anything to anyone.\" \"It was talk, Kate. Speculation.\" \"Your mother knows?\" \"I don't know. She is so secretive. I put things together once Inwas back here. And once Leopold was shot, I was pretty certain. Incouldn't tell anyone. What proof did I have? But this, this is proof.\" \"You should have said something to someone.\" \"Please don't be mad, I thought it was best if I kept my mouth shut.\" \"I am not mad. I am confused and upset and I don't know what to donwith this information if anything at all.\" \"You aren't going to tell Leopold?\" \"It is more complicated than that. Read the next page.\" Janet turned the page and read the last entry in the journal, \"Oh, myngod, Kate, he had Leopold's parents killed. Buy why?\" \"Don't you get it? Leopold was supposed to be on that ship, but henwas too sick to travel. If Leopold would have been on that ship, he wouldnhave been murdered with his parents and Edgar would have taken over thentitle of Duke. The whole plan was sabotaged by Leopold's illness, and LadynSpencer had nowhere to turn except to blackmail Millard. Millard is payingnLady Spencer for her silence.\" \"Really? You think that is it?\" \"Of course, that's it. But Edgar obviously is not happy with thenarrangement and has decided to take matters in his own hands. He is goingnto attempt to kill Leopold again; I have no doubt in my mind. And now thatnMillicent has a son, well, things seem to be falling into place for him.nIt all makes sense, Edgar backed off because he was waiting for Millicentnto have the baby. A son assures him and his family the lineage. Leopoldnis killed, Edgar becomes Duke and his son the heir.\" \"But he didn't think about you having a child.\" \"Oh, I am sure he has thought about it.\" \"If you have a son, that child will be the heir, no matter whatnhappens to Leopold.\" \"Let's stop talking morbid. I am not going to let anything happen tonLeopold.\" Kate's mind was jumbled; she didn't know what to do. \"Kate, Edgar could hurt you. If he finds out you are with child.\" \"It isn't even for sure I am with child, so let's cross that bridgenwhen we come to it. You aren't to say anything to anyone in the house, isnthat clear? Especially Leopold.\" \"I thought you were no longer going to keep things from him?\" \"I am not keeping anything from him. I may not be pregnant, why getnhis hopes up. And as for this whole mess with Edgar. I don't know what tontell him. When he finds out his parents were murdered, I don't know whatnit will do to him. I really have to think this through. And that hisnfather cheated on his mother. Their love was supposedly so strong, I don'tnunderstand it. Only a few months after they were married as well. This isngoing to break his heart. He thought so highly of both of them.\" \"And then on top of that to find out Edgar Spencer is your brother,nthat is enough to send anyone over the edge.\" Kate thought about Leopold saying he would take care of everything,ntake care of Edgar. Did Leopold really have it in him to kill someone?nKnowing what she knew now she thought it was possible and that scared hernmore than anything. Leopold sat in a gentlemen's club in London, the rain pouring downnoutside, he had joined Daniel Woodhouse, the building contractor, for andrink after their work was completed for the day. He was hoping to headnback to Balinor tomorrow. He hoped the weather would clear up for him tondo so. He missed Kate desperately. They had been married now for a littlenover 2 months and this was the first time they had been apart. Leopold wasnbarely aware of Daniel's conversation. But a familiar voice snapped himnout of his daydream. A voice he would have rather not heard, \"I heard you were in town Leopold, couldn't pass up the opportunitynto come over and congratulate you on your marriage. It was a shame Inwasn't able to attend. Oh, wait, that wasn't the case was it, I wasn'tninvited.\" Edgar turned to Daniel and said, \"We have known each other sincenwe were children, can you imagine him not inviting me?\" \"I believe you were in Birmingham at the time, actually.\" \"How convenient.\" Edgar sat down with them and Leopold looked a bit annoyed, \"I don'tnbelieve you were invited to join us, Edgar.\" \"Oh, come now Leopold, you aren't going to cause a scene in here arenyou? That would be scandalous. The Times would be on it in a minute. Younare the kind of man they would love to dish the dirt on.\" Daniel found this man incredibly irritating and spoke up, \"I do notnknow you sir, but I find you are the one making the scene, not his grace.\" \"And who are you? I don't believe I have ever seen you in this clubnbefore. Since when do they let middle class laborers into thisnestablishment? I think I might have to complain.\" \"Edgar, you are drunk and you are making a scene. Daniel is a guestnof mine.\" \"Well, that is obvious. You have always managed to keep odd company,nLeopold.\" Leopold was keeping his cool, while others in the room looked theirnway. \"I would have thought, Edgar, you would be with your pregnant wife atnthis time. The baby is due very shortly as I recall. What kind of husbandngoes gallivanting around London when his wife is so close to her due date?\" \"You would never do such a thing would you, Leopold? Always doingnthe right thing, you must sleep well at night.\" He said sarcastically. \"Innfact, I am returning to Westlake tomorrow. So you needn't worry about mynwife. Maybe you should be worrying about yours.\" Leopold knew he was trying to get a rise out of him. \"What does shenget up to when you are away, Leopold? Ever wondered.\" Leopold stood up, \"Daniel, you are welcome to join me at my uncle'sntownhouse where we could possibly enjoy a quiet drink.\" \"Another time, your grace, I should be getting home to my wife andnchildren. This storm has gotten quite bad in the last hour, doesn't looknlike it's going to let up. We'll be in touch. I will make sure you arenaware of all the progress.\" They shook hands and Daniel walked towards the door, Leopold stoodnover Edgar, \"Are you going to invite my for a drink at your unclesntownhouse, Leopold. I never have had an uncle, I almost feet LordnMountbatten could be my uncle as well. Now there is a sad man. Has to livenhis whole life through you.\" \"You don't know what you are talking about.\" Leopold headed for thendoor where Otis was waiting with his coat. Edgar followed him. He evennfollowed him out into the pouring rain, where Leopold's coach was waiting. \"2nd in line. Always 2nd. How annoying that must have been for himngrowing up. Knowing that his brother would have it all, and he would havennothing.\" Leopold turned and glared at him. He wanted to believe it was justnthe talk of a drunken man, but the tone in his voice was vindictive and itnwas obvious he knew exactly what he was saying. Leopold felt a chill comenacross him, and tried to shake it. He got in the coach and looked out atnEdgar standing in the rain drenched, \"I advise you, Edgar, to sleep thisndrunken stupor off and go home to your wife, where I am sure you arenneeded. Goodnight.\" Leopold leant back in the seat, and the feeling wasnstill there. Edgar's face and his words had left him feeling so incrediblynodd. He was so glad he would be going back to Balinor tomorrow.[Chapter 36] The long carriage ride home had Leopold deep in thought. Otis wasnconcerned with his master's pensive mood. He had seemed so content lately,nand knew Edgar had triggered something. Otis wanted to break the silencenbut knew only to well that Leopold preferred not being disturbed undernthese circumstances, so he waited and watched until Leopold finally brokenthe silence. \"Otis, you have never spoken of your family. Were you an onlynchild?\" \"Actually I have a sister. I am sure I have mentioned her to younbefore, she lives in Paris. Why do you ask, sir?\" \"I never understood why my parents didn't have any more children. Indesperately wanted a brother or sister.\" \"Well, sir, I do recall your mother's pregnancy was difficult and thenbirth traumatic. There was a deep concern that your mother and yourselfnwould not survive the ordeal. As I recall you were nearly a monthnpremature, but you were one determined little fighter. The doctor didn'tnexpect you to make it through the night. You proved them wrong. And I donbelieve your strength gave your mother strength. Your father was concernednyour appearance would only cause her grief, but she sensed yourndetermination to survive and it gave her hope.\" \"I have been kept from so much of my past. There is no reason why Inshouldn't know this fact. I will tell you, Otis, that I will talk to mynown children and they will not be kept in the dark about anything. Younknow more than I do. Don't you find that terribly disconcerting?.\" \"Well, sir, I do believe your uncle felt he had your best interest innmind when keeping these details from you. He believed any talk about yournparents would only cause you more pain.\" \"Yes, when I was a child but I am now in my 30's and I should knownthese things. I can only assume that she was not able to have anothernchild after the ordeal she went through giving birth to me.\" \"I do believe that was the case. Why all this talk about this now,nsir?\" He rubbed his chin, \"I don't know, something Edgar said last night,nabout Uncle Millard and my father. It made me start thinking about family.nHow different it would have been if I had a sibling. \" \"I wouldn't listen to a thing he said, sir.\" \"I know you are right, but something was extremely disturbing aboutnlast night. Edgar's face peering at me as the carriage drove off in thenrain, I am amazed you didn't notice it.\" \"I noticed it, sir. But chose to ignore it. The man was clearlynintoxicated.\" \"I know you were in my father's service before my birth, did he getnon well with Millard?\" \"As well as two brothers do, sir.\" \"You mean they fought, Millard was jealous.\" \"Maybe a bit envious, sir, but that is all. Your father, being thenduke, was often the center of attention.\" \"And Millard played 2nd fiddle, so to speak.\" Leopold thought ofnEdgar's words. The 2nd in line, always the 2nd in line. \"Do you evernbelieve he wanted to be the Duke?\" \"Lord Mountbatten was always the awkward one, your father thencharming dashing young man with women at his beck and call. I am sure henthought of being Duke at some occasion or another.\" \"And then what about me. How did he really feel about looking afternme? Preparing me for my royal duties as Duke when my father died?\" \"He took on his role as your guardian with no questions asked, sir.\" \"Of course he did, but did he like it?\" \"Sir, I think you getting worked up about something took place manynyears ago is not healthy. Lord Spencer has obviously planted this idea innyour head for a purpose.\" \"You believe that?\" \"I believe he is never up to any good, sir. Your uncle is devoted tonyou.\" \"I am being ridiculous, am I not?\" Otis smiled, \"You should be pleased about the work being done on thenelevator, it is truly a marvel, sir and you should be proud.\" Leopold changed his mood, knowing full well Otis was steering himnaway from any talk of Edgar, \"I am proud, and things are truly wonderful atnthe moment. But I can't help but be concerned, especially after Edgar'snappearance last night.\" The following morning the Westlake servants arrived back at the housenonce the rain had let up. Kate could sense their unease of having Balinornstaff and herself in Edgar's home. But once Kate explained thencircumstances they relaxed a bit and felt relieved someone had been herenwith the mistress of the house. Millicent was very weak and the doctornwould be checking on her that morning, but the baby was thriving. Edgar'snheir. Kate looked down at the cradle and the sleeping infant and hoped tongod, he would not be like his father. Jack noticed her looking at thenbaby; \"He is evil, just like his father.\" \"How can you say that, Jack? He is a baby\" \"Don't tell me you aren't thinking it?\" \"Millicent is a wonderful mother, look at Charlotte.' \"Lord Spencer has nothing to do with her, but he will mold this one.nYou can guarantee it.\" \"This child is my nephew, Leopold's flesh and blood.\" \"Oh, stop, getting sentimental. Edgar has big plans for this one.nUnless someone stops him.\" \"What are you saying?\" \"Don't you think it's time Edgar Spencer was stopped?\" Kate glared at him, talk of killing disturbed her and he quicklynturned away when Nancy, one of the Spencer's maids walked in, Janet behindnher. Janet sensed the tension between them. \"Shouldn't we head back to Balinor?\" \"Most definitely, Janet. I was thinking the same thing myself. Incan't bear being in this house one more minute.\" Jack walked past her and Janet looked over at Kate. Kate picked upnher coat and then headed over to Millicent's bed where she sleptnpeacefully. She turned to Nancy, \"You will keep me posted about herncondition?\" \"I don't think the master, would approve, your grace.\" \"I don't care about your master. I want to know how she is doing.\"nKate dug into her coat pocket knowing she had some money in there. Shenpulled out her small leather wallet, which had traveled with her from then20th century and gave Nancy 2 guineas. Nancy curtseyed, \"I will make sure you know, your grace.\" \"Thank you\" Kate slipped the wallet back into her pocket and put herncoat on. Then rushed out the door and down the stairs to the front door.nAs she headed down the stairs to the carriage she tripped and Jacknimmediately came to her side, \"You must be careful, Kate, you are carryingnLeopold's child now. We can't have anything happening to you or the baby.\" Kate just smirked, \"Stop that, Jack. We don't know for sure. And younaren't to tell Leopold.\" \"And when do you plan on giving him the joyous news? I wouldn't waitnto long, he will know Kate. He is very astute on such manners.\" \"Don't be ridiculous. How could he possibly know?\" \"Mood swings, being sick, a certain glow.\" Jack smiled, \"and believenme, Kate, you are glowing!\" Kate thought the whole thing sounded absurd and brushed it aside, asnshe took Jack's hand to help her up. She didn't realize as he helped hernup, her wallet fell out of her coat pocket and on to the steps of Westlake.n She didn't look back, climbed into the carriage next to Janet and theynheaded to Balinor. Edgar arrived at Westlake shortly after lunchtime. He had a terriblenheadache from the amount of alcohol he had consumed the night before, andnwas anxious to get straight to bed. He dismounted his horse handing himnover to the stable boy and headed for the front steps holding onto hisnhead. He was looking down and something caught his eye on the bottom step.n He leaned down groaning from the throbbing of his head and picked it up.nIt was like a purse but nothing like he had ever seen before. He shoved itninto his coat pocket and entered the house. The staffs excitement over the birth of a healthy baby baby, wasnadament and they greeted him smiling in the hallway, \"What is all thisnabout? Don't any of you have anything better to do? I am away for a fewndays and Millicent allows the staff to shirk their duties. I must have anword with her on this matter at once.\" The head housekeeper curtseyed to him, \"I do beg your pardon, sir,nbut the lady of the house is quite indisposed at the moment, there was muchnexcitement while you have been away.\" \"And what excitement are you referring to?\" \"Why, the lady of the house gave birth last night.\" Edgar's eyes lit up, \"And…you are leaving out some vital informationnMrs. Fleming. My child…is my child alive or dead?\" She smiled, \"Very much alive, sir. He is very much alive.\" Edgar let out a howl, \"He! You said He!\" \"But, sir, her ladyship is not very well, I am afraid.\" \"What is important is I have a son, I must go to him now.\" He racednup the stairs and Mrs. Fleming couldn't believe he had no concern for hisnwife. Edgar had never been an easy man to work for, and could be arrogantnand selfish and rude, but lately he had a look in his eyes that seemednevil. He carried on like a crazy man half the time, with some plan up hisnsleeve. But he paid her and she wasn't there to ask any questions. When Edgar entered the room Nancy was seated next to Millicent's bed.nHe didn't even glance at his ill wife and went straight to the cradle wherenhe picked up the baby. Not having much experience with infants it wasnawkward and the baby cried, Nancy went over to him, \"You have to supportnhis head, sir.\" Edgar eyed the baby \"Are sure he is alright, why is he wailing likenthat? He is bound to be sickly. Nancy, you must call for the doctor atnonce. Nothing will happen to this child, do you understand.\" \"He is fine, sir. Babies cry.\" \"And his head, why is his head shaped so oddly and his coloring? Itndoesn't look right.\" Nancy took the child from his arms and rocked him. He began to quiet.n\"The baby is perfectly fine.\" She then looked over at Millicent, \"but yournwife is very weak. The doctor is on his way.\" \"My child is what is important and if his mother is not well, itnmeans we must arrange for a wet nurse. This child will not suffer becausenhis mother is not able to take care of his needs.\" \"A young woman from the village has already been fetched, sir. Shenlost a baby a few weeks ago. It is all taken care of.\" Edgar smiled rubbing his hands together, \"Excellent. Everything isnfalling into place, Nancy, my girl. Things are looking up.\" \"But, sir, what about her ladyship. It is not good, she seems to benslipping. The Duchess said after the birth she was doing so well.\" Edgar's expression changed, \"The Duchess? What was she doing here?\" \"Miss Charlotte fetched her sir.\" \"For god's sake why? You were here to assist her, there was nonneed.\" Nancy put her head down, \"I am afraid, sir, there was no one in thenhouse. Her ladyship was kind enough to allow the staff to attend the partynin the village and the weather was awful, we couldn't get back last night.nThe Duchess and her companion were here. They delivered the baby, sir.\" \"They were in my house unsupervised?\" \"I do believe that without their assistance neither mother or childnwould have survived.\" \"I am terribly not happy about this situation. And I will dock everynmember of staff's wages for the following week. My wife hasn't been wellnand should never have been left alone.\" Charlotte walked into the room and noticed the tension between hernfather and Nancy. Edgar turned to look at his daughter who he had no bondnwith and she looked at him with disgust, \"What are you looking at?\" \"I came to see mama.\" \"You will stay away from here, is that understood, I do not want yournbrother to catch any dreadful disease, and you are bound to carry numerousngerms. And your mother needs rest. Out, out, now!\" He waved his handntowards the door and Charlotte stood there defiantly. \"I will take younover my knee, young lady and give you a whipping you won't likely forget.nYou have no respect for me and that is going to change, your mother hasngiven into you time and time again. I won't have your attitude anymore.\" Charlotte wanted to cry, \"I hate you. You made mama like this. Shencould die.\" He went over to her and grabbed her by the neck of her dress, \"Younwill never speak to me in that matter again, is that understood? And I donbelieve a sufficient punishment should be issued, after you disobeyed mynorders of ever going near Balinor.\" \"But, father, I couldn't deliver the baby.\" She began to cry, Edgarnstill clutching the neck of her dress tightly. \"You rode alone, in the storm at night…that alone is plenty of causenfor a punishment. You will go to your room and I will deal with younlater.\" \"I want to speak to mama.\" \"I said go to your room.\" \"Why can't you love me? Why can't you be like other fathers? I wentnto Balinor because they care about mama and me, they have always been kind,nthe Duke…\" He slapped her face, \"Don't you even mention his name in this housenever again.\" He let go of her dress and she fell to the floor, Nancynimmediately went to her side, \"Nancy, get her out of my sight. And locknher door.\" Nancy did as she was told but felt a chill run down her spine. Whatnwas going on with him? He had always been a little on the crazy side butnshe had never seen him strike Charlotte. Leopold arrived home late afternoon, Jack saw the carriage approachnand met him at the front of Balinor. Leopold was glad to see his oldnfriend, \"You don't know how good it feels to be home.\" He slapped Jack onnthe back. \"It is good to have you back, sir.\" \"And Kate, how is she?\" Jack smiled, \" She is in fine form, Leopold…oh, yes, in fine form.\" Leopold gave him a questioning look and then saw Kate come out thenfront door, picked up her skirt and quickly descended the stairs. Leopold'snface brightened with a smile and he greeted her with open arms and twirlednher around. Kate giggled, \"Leopold, put me down.\" \"I want to hold you in my arms forever.\" He set her down and kissed her, and then stood back at arms length,nlooking at her, Kate remembered what Jack had said, Leopold would notice.nAnd she looked at Jack who was giving her an 'I told you so' look, Leopoldnscratched his chin, \"Something is different.\" \"No, nothing is different.\" She looked at Jack who was about tonlaugh. \"No, there is definitely something. Do you notice anything, Jack?\" \"Yes, Leopold, now that you mentioned it there is definitelynsomething. A glow or something.\" Kate was ready to hit Jack, she took Leopold's arm, \"You must benthirsty, come inside and I'll get Lily to make us some tea.\" Leopold was oblivious to the looks being exchanged between Kate andnJack and he began to escort her into the house, and then turned to Jack,n\"And how is Janet? Is she feeling any better?\" \"Ah, she is. She has bouts of sickness, but she is a trooper. Younmust remind Kate to tell you about her sickness.\" Leopold looked concerned, \"you have been sick while I was away?\" \"Jack is exaggerating, I threw up once. Something I ate.\" Leopoldnstopped at the doorway and stood back looking at her again, his hands onnher shoulders, he smiled. \"That's it. You are with child!\" \"No, that isn't it. I was sick once.\" Leopold was extremely happy, \"Your figure is fuller, mostndefinitely.\" He picked her up again and twirled her around, \"Oh, Kate, thisnis wonderful news! I couldn't be more pleased!\" \"Leopold, you are jumping the gun. I am not pregnant. And my figurenis not fuller.\" \"Kate, why are you denying something that both of us want? I findnyour behavior most peculiar. Are you having second thoughts about startingna family?\" \"I don't want you to get your hopes up. It's only been a couplenmonths, it's too early to really know for sure.\" He smiled sweetly at her and kissed her gently, \"One can sense thesenthings, Kate.\" \"Only in the 19th century would anyone say such a thing. You have tonunderstand where I come from; a missed menstrual cycle could mean anything.nEven an over the counter pregnancy test isn't always 100% accurate, so whynshould I trust some doctor who asked me one question and decided I wasnpregnant?\" Jack was getting the carriage ready to take back to the stables andnhe overheard Kate and seemed a bit confused. Why did she talk about thencentury in such a manner, what the hell was an over the counter pregnancyntest? It sounded very odd! Leopold smiled and pulled her close to him, \"Trust your instincts,nKate. This may not be the 21st century and we are lacking the technologynyou are accustomed to, but I do believe there is a lot to be said aboutnwhat one feels inside.\" Kate loved his viewpoint. He still had that innocence she felt shenhad lost so long ago. \"And you are an expert on this subject?\" \"I followed my heart when I met you doesn't that say something? And Inhave a gut feeling that the doctor was correct in his diagnosis…\" she wasnready to speak and he put his fingertip to her lips, \"Ah, ah…time willntell, Kate. Until then, if you would rather not discuss the matter I willnrespect your wishes, there is plenty of time for the world to know that thenDuke and Duchess are to become parents.\" His smile was like a childnopening presents at Christmas. It was incredibly sweet. \"You will not be able to contain yourself, I can tell.\" He held her tight, \"Then am I allowed to speak of the upcoming event?n Do I have your permission?' \"Since when do you need my permission to do anything?\" \"I do believe this was a joint venture and it only seems appropriatenwe are in total agreement on the way we will handle the announcement.\" Kate laughed, \"You make is sound like we are preparing some kind ofnlegal document, not having a child.\" He looked into her eyes, \"We are having a child, Kate.\" He kissednher and inside her head was reeling from the excitement of having a baby,nmixed with the anxiety she felt about the news she was withholding fromnhim. How could she tell him now? She looked over his shoulder to see Jacknlooking towards them. He too was feeling the same thing. Leopold wasnecstatic about the baby, but how would he feel about the discovery of hisnhalf brother and his parent's murder. Kate decided before she could even tell Leopold anything about thenevents of last night, she needed to face Millard. But it wasn't so easy,nLeopold was on top of the world and he wanted to share the news with hisnaunt and uncle, so they joined them for tea in the conservatory. He spokenof London and the progress being made on the construction of his elevator,nMillard who had always thought Leopold's inventions frivolous listened asnintently as he could trying to show some interest. But when the news of thenbaby popped up his demeanor definitely changed. \"I am making a fair sum of money on this project, Uncle Millard, itnwill no doubt help the families financial difficulties and of course be anconsiderable help once the baby arrives next spring.\" Margaret looked up from her needlepoint, \"Baby?\" She looked over at Kate who smiled. \"Yes, indeed, I did say baby. Kate is with child.\" Leopold proudlynput his arm around her and squeezed her. Millard had been up in arms all day after hearing about the birth ofnEdgar's son, and now the news of Leopold and Kate having a child, he wasndelighted but concerned. Kate sensed it right away. Margaret stood up and went over to them hugging them, \"Oh, this isnsuch grand news. It will be wonderful having a child in the house oncenagain, Millard, isn't this splendid news?\" He went to the window and then turned, \"Splendid, indeed.\" Said withnlittle enthusiasm. Leopold stood up, \"Really, Uncle, you could possibly show some joy ofnsome kind. This child is to be your great nephew or niece. I was reallynexpecting a much different reaction.\" \"Leopold, of course the news is wonderful, I just didn't think itnwould come so soon. One might have thought you would settle into yournmarriage before you contemplated bringing a child into it.\" \"And what is that supposed to mean? Are you insinuating that I couldnpossibly not be ready to be a father? I think you are highly mistaken. Orndoes this have anything to do with the fact that you will no longer be 2ndnin line.\" Kate and Margaret were both surprised by Leopold's outburst. Katencould only think of Edgar and his heir. \"Leopold, you are being ridiculous. I have no desire to become Duke,nand the possibilities of that happening are extremely rare.\" Kate whispered under breath, \"you can say that again.\" She didn'tnrealize anyone had heard her and then noticed the room had become silentnand all 3 of them were looking at her. \"Kate?\" Leopold looked at her puzzled, \"What did you mean by that?\" She looked from Millard to Margaret then back to Leopold, not knowingnwhat to say. Trying to find some words. \"I meant about you being ridiculous. Your uncle is right, you arenbeing ridiculous. Could we please talk of something else? Oh, I forgot tontell you Millicent gave birth last night. A boy and he is doing fine.\" Just what Millard needed, to speak of that man's child. Millardnwalked back towards the window. Leopold noticed the tension in the room.nOnly Margaret seemed unaware of it. \"That is wonderful news, that poor young woman has been through sonmuch. I hear Kate and Janet did a wonderful job in delivering the child.\" Leopold looked shocked and he turned to Kate, \"Were you going tonindulge this information yourself?\" \"Of course I was. We were both preoccupied with the news of thenbaby.\" \"I do not understand why you and Janet delivered the child.\" \"Leopold, I have so much to tell you, but I really just want to liendown for awhile. Would you mind?\" Leopold's happy mood changed abruptly. Something was going on, butndecided to let it go for the time being.\" No, of course not. Do you mindnif I walk upstairs with you?\" \"Of course not.\" There was silence as they both left the room andnLeopold escorted her up the stairs. They ran into Janet on the landing,nwho barely could look at Leopold. Which he found quite odd, \"Kate, are you alright?\" \"She just needs to lie down. And you, Janet? How are you doing?\" \"Fine, sir.\" \"Sir? Janet, look at me.\" She quickly glanced up at him and then back down at her feet, annervous habit she had always had. Kate knew she had to say something,n\"Janet he knows about the baby, it's okay.\" She tried looking up, \"the baby..oh, good. I am glad.\" She wasnacting extremely bizarre. \"If you will excuse me.\" She started to go down the stairs and Leopold called after her,n\"Janet, tell Jack to get Mordred ready. I'd like to take a ride beforendusk.\" \"I'll do that, sir.\" And she ran down the stairs. When they got into their rooms, and Kate lay down Leopold had so manynquestions, \"Did you find Janet's behavior odd?\" \"She didn't know you knew about the baby.\" \"And that is all?\" \"Leopold, go for your ride, I promise after dinner we will talk.\" \"Why do I get the distinct impression that we won't be discussingnpleasantries and that it is of much more of a serious nature?\" \"So much has happened while you were away.\" \"Edgar… this has to do with Edgar.\" Leopold felt angry and paced thenroom; \"I felt a bad omen last night when I was confronted by him at thenclub.\" Kate sat up, \"You saw him last night?\" \"I did indeed. All I could think of was I had to get back here tonyou, and I was right. Something has happened involving Edgar. Am Incorrect?\" \"Leopold, take your ride, please…I need a little time to sort somenthings out.\" He turned around and she had never seen him look so angry, \"How thenhell, am I supposed to enjoy a ride, when I know perfectly well, you arenkeeping some vital information from me! Something happened at Westlakenwhen you were with Millicent. I have no idea what, but my mind is racingnwith possibilities. Thank god, I know the man was in London, so you andnJanet were not harmed in any way, but whatever occurred there is serious.nThat is why Janet cannot look me in the eye, and you are even having andifficult time. Kate, I demand an explanation now!\" \"No, not now!\" she shouted back. Tears came to her eyes, \"Pleasenleave me, I need some time. You have to give me that.\" He moved closer to her and took hold of both of her hands, he lookedninto her eyes and she tried to look at him but found it difficult. \"Younknow how much you love to ride up into the hills after a storm. Everythingnis so fresh. Please go.\" All of a sudden the joyous news of having a baby had vanished. Hensqueezed her hands tightly and kissed the top of her head, \"I will go. Butnwhen I come back, Kate, I need to know everything.\" \"I know.\" She watched him head towards the door and wondered how shenwas going to do this; she buried her head in the pillow and began to cry. Jack made himself scarce, being warned by Janet that Leopold wasnsensing something. He saddled Mordred and left him tied to the fence,nwhich was odd for Jack to do. This only made Leopold's concern grow. Hengot on the horse and instead of riding to the hills, headed his horsentowards Westlake.[Chapter 37] After Leopold had left for his ride, Janet went to see Kate. Shenfound her weeping in the pillow and this was so unlike Kate. Kate was sonstrong and Janet was always envious how she carried herself, seeing hernlike this was devastating. She went to the bed and rested her hand on hernshoulder, \"Kate, what is it? Did you tell him everything?\" Kate turned towards her, \"No, but he knows something is terriblynwrong and when he comes back, I am going to have to tell him. So much fornthe happy joyful mood he was in earlier. You should have seen the look onnhis face when he found out about the baby. Janet, he was so ecstatic.nThat smile, it was like a little boy on Christmas day opening his presents.n And then it was gone, the minute he found out we were at Westlake lastnnight.\" \"Maybe you should have just gotten it over with and told himneverything. You sent him out on a ride in a foul mood? Not a good idea,nKate.\" \"I had no choice. My mind is all jumbled up, I know I have to tellnhim but I have to do it with some kind of compassion, don't you think?\" Kate got up and went to get her coat, where she had left anhandkerchief in the pocket. As she felt through the pockets she found thenhandkerchief but realized her wallet was not there. She had had it thatnmorning at Westlake. She panicked. Her wallet had things in it thatnlinked her to the future. If anyone found it..anyone…oh, god, if Edgarnfound it. Janet saw her distress, \"What are you looking for?\" \"My wallet. You know the one, the small brown leather one?\" \"The one you won't allow out of your sight? I think I know what younare talking about.\" Janet said sarcastically. There had been a disputenover it in the past, and Janet found her secretiveness about it verynpeculiar. \"It must have fallen out of my pocket at Westlake, maybe when I fellnon the steps. I have to go back and get it.\" Janet laughed, \"I don't think that will happen now. Leopold won'tnlet you go back there.\" \"Leopold is out for a ride, he will be an hour or more.\" \"Kate, you can't go there. Edgar is probably back from London.\" \"I don't care. I have to have it back.\" \"What is in it that is so important?\" \"You wouldn't believe me if I told you.\" \"Try me.\" \"Janet, I don't have time for this. I have to get a move on. I guessnI could ride Guinevere over there.\" \"You can't ride, not when you are pregnant. Kate, you could losenthe baby.\" \"I am going…\" Kate rushed past her and out the door and down thenstairs. Janet followed her. When they got to the stables Jack wasnsaddling Merlin in a mad rush, \"You seem to be in a hurry, Jack.\" \"It's Leopold, he didn't go for a ride up to the hills.\" Kate looked concerned, \"What do you mean?\" \"Thomas saw him as he was coming back from the village, he wasnheading for Westlake. I am going after him. I don't think it's safe fornhim there.\" \"I am going too, I'll saddle up Guinevere.\" She headed towards thentack room. And Jack followed her. \"You aren't going anywhere, Kate. I will look after Leopold. Edgar isnback from London, no doubt and it's not safe for you there.\" \"Jack, you don't understand, there is much more at stake here. Incan't explain it, I have to go. You can't stop me.\" \"And what about the baby? Kate, it's not just you anymore, you arencarrying Leopold's child. Think about the baby.\" \"Believe me I am. It's a short ride to Westlake, I can be careful. Inknow you are concerned but I don't have any choice I'm afraid.\" Janet stood behind them, \"She lost her wallet. That is what this isnabout.\" Kate turned to her, \"I know you think I have kept things from you andnyes, I have but you wouldn't understand. It is better you don't know.\" Jack remembered her talking to Leopold on the steps earlier, butndidn't say anything. \"So the Spencers aren't the only ones keepingnsecrets.\" By Jack's tone of voice, it was obvious he was losing all trustnin her, \"Do you keep these secrets from Leopold as well? Maybe his unclenhad every right being concerned about Leopold's choice of brides.\" Janet too felt hurt but knew they were wasting time, \"Jack, you neednto get to Leopold.\" Jack gave Kate an evil look and went back out to Merlin, as henmounted the horse he looked at Janet, \"You are to stay clear of Westlake,ndo you understand?\" She nodded. He then looked at Kate, \"I don't care what you do.\" Hengave Merlin a kick and rode off down the road. Kate went back to Guinevere and Janet followed her, \"You aren'tnreally going to go, are you?\" \"I most certainly am. This is very serious, Janet.\" \"I know you are different, I thought so at the very start, when younfirst came here, that is why Leopold loves you so. You speak your mind,nand are independent and he loves that about you. But you aren't likenanyone around here. Anyone I have ever encountered.\" Kate wasn't sure what she was getting at, \"I like you, Kate. Jackndoes as well.\" \"Not anymore. That doesn't matter right now.\" \"He doesn't like people who lie, people who are trying to bensomething they aren't.\" \"I am who you see, I wish I could explain, but I can't.\" \"I want to go with you to Westlake. You can't go alone.\" \"No, Janet, Jack would have a fit.\" \"Maybe it was time I fought my own battles. Jack can't always do itnfor me. Maybe it wouldn't hurt me to be more like you.\" \"I don't think Jack wants you like me.\" \"I don't want anything to happen to Leopold. I am partly to blamendon't you see that?\" \"You have nothing to do with it. It has to do with the title of Dukenand Edgar wanting what he believes is his.\" \"If I would have told Leopold what I knew, this would never havenhappened.\" \"I can't let you go with me.\" \"I am going, I can ride Lady Mountbatten's mare. I have to go.nEveryone I have ever loved is there, Leopold, Jack and now you…if anythingnhappens to any of you…\" \"Stop that talk, okay, you can go with me.\" She smiled as she went and got the mare saddled and ready. Edgar sat in his room and was pleased with the events of the day; henreached into his pocket for a cigarette paper and found the small purse henhad picked up earlier. He turned it around in his hands and then openednit. He wasn't prepared for what he found inside. Photographs, colored withnpeople in odd clothes. Kate was in one, with a young man making a sillynface into the camera, there was one of a couple with 2 young children,ncards of every sort, one said VISA, with the name Kate McKay indented onnthe bottom. What the hell was this? He had never seen anything like it.nHe then came across what was called a New York Drivers License. A picturenof Kate in one corner. He didn't understand it but he read the informationnon the card, an address, a birthdate…October 20, 1967. His eyes took andouble take…1967! Then an expiration date…2002! Edgar closed the walletnand rubbed his eyes, then opened it again. He must be havingnhallucinations. But when he opened the wallet the dates remained the same.nThere was a compartment with money in it, but nothing like he had ever seennbefore; there was a 10 and a 20, a few 1's, all which had series dates ofn1999. He opened the smaller compartment to find American coins, all withndates from the 20th century. Edgar felt a sick feeling come over him, 'Whonwas this Kate McKay?' He went to his dresser and poured himself a whiskey.nSomething was definitely strange here. Leopold arrived at Westlake just before dusk, he hesitated briefly,nnot sure why he was here. What kind of answers would he receive fromnanyone? Did he really want to confront Edgar at this time? He sat onnMordred for quite awhile, contemplating his next move. But instead ofngetting off, he turned the horse around and headed towards the woods, thenshortcut back to Balinor. He had not ridden through the woods since the daynhe was shot, but he felt no fear as he galloped through them, heading backnto Balinor where he belonged with his pregnant wife. He couldn't allownEdgar to spoil the fact that he was to become a father. Jack didn't take the short cut so he didn't pass Leopold, arriving atnWestlake, he remained on the outskirts of the house, looking for any signnof Leopold and Mordred. The sun was beginning to set and it gave an eerienglow to the large looming house. Jack hated it here, after a fair amountnof time, it seemed clear that Leopold was not in the vicinity and hendecided to head Merlin back to Balinor. He was relieved, he didn't wantnany trouble. Things had been going so well. He lifted the flap on hisnsaddlebag and reached his hand inside where his pistol was kept. Jack hadnalways been a non-violent man, he didn't even care for hunting as a sport,nbut whenever he thought of Edgar Spencer and the pain he had subjected hisnwife to, a burning rage built up inside of him. Whenever he was anywherennear Westlake, these thoughts emerged. He felt the gun, took a deep sigh,nclosed the flap. Turning Merlin around to head back to Balinor. He wasnwell hidden near the edge of the woods, so no one could see him but what hensaw coming down the main pathway to the house, threw him for a loop and henquickly pulled back on the reigns of Merlin. Kate and Janet canteringntowards the main house. What the hell did they think they were doing? Henbegan to ride towards them, but before he had a chance they were approachednby Edgar's creepy grounds man, who helped them from their saddles and tooknthe horses to tie up as they ascended the front steps of the house. Hennoticed Kate carefully looking at each step, for the wallet she had lost asnthey headed for the front door. Jack wasn't sure what he should do. He could go back looking fornLeopold and tell him everything. That was his first instinct. Then henonce again felt inside his saddlebag for the pistol. The thought of Janetnin that house was to overbearing on his mind. How could he leave now?nKnowing she was in there with that bastard. He tied up Merlin on the edgenof the woods, slipped the pistol in the waist of his trousers and carefullynmade his way to the back of the house. Mrs. Fleming received Janet and Kate into Westlake. Kate had saidnthey had come to see Millicent, and Mrs. Fleming was very aloof, notnrevealing any information about her employer to these two women. Shenquietly showed them into the sitting room, not saying a word and left them. Janet looked at Kate, \"What are we going to do now?\" \"I don't know, I haven't thought that far ahead.\" \"He is going to come in here, you know that.\" \"I told you, you shouldn't have come. I have no problem with LordnSpencer. He can't do anything with all this staff around.\" Janet felt a chill down her spine, \"It is really creepy in here,ndon't you think? It is so quiet, unnaturally so.\" \"It is a little unnerving, but we will be fine.\" Kate wasn't so sure. \"I didn't see Leopold's horse out front. Kate, I don't think he isnhere.\" \"Good. I will get what I came for and we will go, Leopold won't havento know.\" Janet was extremely nervous, \"And Jack. Where is he? I didn't seenMerlin either.\" Kate looked over at her and wondered why she had ever agreed for hernto come. What would she do when she saw Edgar again? She also wonderednabout Jack. She had to admit when she knew Jack and Leopold would be aroundnthe whole prospect of coming here didn't seem so frightening. The sitting room door opened and Edgar appeared, intoxicated asnusual, \"Ladies, ladies, what a pleasant surprise. I believe I do owe younmuch gratitude for assisting my wife in the delivery of my son.\" Henproceeded closer to them, taking each of their hands in turn, and kissingnit. Janet was shaking. \"He is truly a beautiful child.\" Kate smiled, \"Yes, he is. I was hoping to be able to see him again,nand your wife. How is Millicent?\" His demeanor changed somewhat, \"I am afraid she is having somencomplications. There has been quite a loss of blood. The doctor has beennhere today.\" \"Will you allow me to see her, Lord Spencer?\" \"Why of course, Duchess, I am sure my wife would find pleasure innyour company. But first, let me get you ladies a drink.\" Kate didn't likenthe look in his eyes. He was being pleasant but it was creepy. Janet spoke up right away, \"Oh, no, we cannot drink.\" Kate thought for sure she was going to blurt out about theirncondition, but she didn't. Edgar eyed them both, \"But it is a celebrationnMrs. Blackmore, I insist you join me in a drink.\" He poured them each anglass of whiskey. Normally Kate would have knocked it back, but thenthought of the life growing inside her, made her push the drink aside as henset it on the table. Edgar noticed it and gave her a look. \"This is very curious, I would have guessed you can hold your own asnfar as consuming spirits, Kate.\" The way he said her name, alarmed her. Itnwas sharp, and he held on to the t, which made it sound condescending in anstrange way. \"Normally I could, Lord Spencer, but I choose not to this evening.\" \"And why is that?\" They both eyed each other, and neither gave in to the other, \"I don'tnbelieve I need to have a reason.\" \"But I believe you do have a reason. Am I correct, Mrs. Blackmore?\" Janet trembled; she didn't like his tone of voice. He sat down nextnto Janet and began to stroke her hair, \"You are as beautiful as you werenwhen you were a child, Janet. The softest skin I have ever laid my handsnon.\" His hand stroked her face and she thought she was going to cry. Hisnother hand was on her waist and rested on her abdomen, \"And you are withnchild, are you not?\" Then traveled to her breast where he gave it ansqueeze, \"Nothing more sensuous than a woman with a child, I am sure Jacknwould agree with me.\" Kate took hold of his hand and yanked it away from her, \"Get yournhands off of her.\" \"You are being very rude guests. You refuse my drink, you refuse myncompliments.\" Kate did not want to get angry but she felt it building upninside her, \"I don't feel I have much choice than to have you escorted fromnmy house.\" He began to stand up. She tried to calm down, she needed that wallet. She took hold of hisnhand, \"Lord Spencer, that isn't necessary. You are being a perfectlyncharming host, but we really don't have a lot of time.\" \"Oh, I see, Leopold does not know you are here. And what about thatnfine groomsman, your husband, Janet…Jack…I doubt he would find it amusingnthat you are sitting in my sitting room, allowing me to touch you.\" \"I didn't allow you to touch me.\" Kate put her hand on her knee; shendidn't want her to get upset. \"We just would like to check on Millicent and the baby.\" \"You sure there is nothing else, Kate?\" The way he said it, madenKate eye him. He had that look. What did he know? Was he playing a game?n \"You spent a whole evening in my house, you might possibly have leftnsomething of importance here, you might possibly have found something ofnimportance here.\" Kate stood up and faced him. They were about the same size, \"Justnsay what you mean, Edgar.\" \"You are a very interesting creature, Kate. Where do you come from?nAre you who you say you are?\" She knew then that he had seen the wallet, but didn't know what henmade of it. Could he possibly believe she came from the 21st century?nSurely, no one could believe such a thing. Kate didn't want to discussnthis in front of Janet, \"Maybe we could talk in private, Lord Spencer.\" He smiled wickedly, \"I like that idea, very much, Kate.\" He lookednover at Janet, \"You will excuse us, Mrs. Blackmore.\" He put out his armnfor Kate. Kate looked back at Janet. \"You mustn't go with him, Kate. This is a mistake.\" Edgar smiled, \"I think she is jealous. She always enjoyed our timentogether. My dear, Janet, be patient and you will have your turn.\" \"Kate!\" Kate looked at Janet's frightened expression, \"I can take care ofnmyself.\" Edgar smiled wickedly and they left the room. Leopold arrived back at Balinor, and noticed as he was taking Mordrednback to his stall, that Merlin, Guinevere and Margaret's mare were not innthe stables. He hit his hand against the wall, \"Damn!\" He mounted Mordrednagain and checked his saddlebag; he now always carried a pistol with him.nIt was there. Turned Mordred around and then rode back to Westlake. Kate went with Edgar upstairs, they passed Millicent's room which wasnquiet but she could hear sobbing coming from down the hall, it was faint,nbut it gave the long hallway an evil feeling like a gothic romance novel.nEdgar turned to her, \"My daughter is being difficult today. She will benfine I assure you.\" Kate looked at him, wondering what he had done to her and now whatnwas he going to do to her. He opened the door of his chambers and shenentered cautiously, lying on his dresser was the wallet, dollar billsnspread out, her license taken out. Edgar noticed her eyeing the dresser,n\"So you did leave something behind. Kate, you really should be morencareful. This type of thing in the wrong hands could cause quite ansensation. In fact, I am not sure what to make of it myself. I am not ansuperstitious man. I do not believe in the occult.\" He picked up thenlicense. \"But this has me baffled. I really believe it should be handednover the authorities and see what they can make out of it. I am sure manynpeople would be interested in the Duchess of Albany's background ornwhatever you can call this. My first thought would be you're a witch.\" Kate nervously laughed, \"Really, Lord Spencer, a witch…\" \"Explain to me the dates on this card or whatever it is? You want mento believe you have come back in time. Ha! I am not a fool!\" \"No, of course you aren't.\" \"I have every intention of exposing you, Kate. How would Leopoldnfeel about that? Oh, what do I care? The man is a freak in himself, it isnno wonder he has chosen a freak for a wife. But you know, it really won'tnconcern him, he will be dead long before the press has thoroughly exposednthe freak show at Balinor.\" \"You are going to kill him.\" He laughed, \"Ah, Kate, you know that is my goal. Now that I have anson, it is time. Maybe tonight. He is bound to come looking for you here.nYou really weren't thinking coming back here. I would have thought you anslight bit cleverer than that. But in a panic over the contents of yournpurse, I suppose you weren't thinking.\" He went to the door and locked it with a key, that he then put downnhis trousers, smiling. \"What do you plan on doing with me? Janet couldneasily go fetch Jack or Leopold.\" \"I believe she will not, she is a smart girl. She doesn't want tonmess with me again.\" He moved closer to her and stroked her face, \"So herenwe are and you ask me what I will do with you. Ah, there are so manynpossibilities!\" She spit in his face, and it threw him, he stepped back, \"That was annunwise move, Kate.\" \"I am not afraid of you.\" \"Oh, I can see that, but you should be afraid. Because your life isngoing to change.\" He scratched his chin as he went over to the bed andnlounged on it, \"I haven't yet decided if I should keep you, or discard younalong with your husband.\" \"I understand why you want Leopold dead.\" \"Do you? Did you go snooping when you were here last night?\" \"You are his half brother.\" He clapped his hands, \"Bravo, Kate. You are very astute in thesenmatters I can see. Yes, I am Leopold's half brother and rightful heir tonthe title of Duke of Albany.\" \"No, you are not. Leopold is older than you, by a month.\" \"Leopold was premature, I was conceived the night before our fathernmarried Leopold's mother. So you see, Leopold has no right to that title.nIt should be mine and it will be mine and my sons.\" \"You hate him that much, that you would kill him?\" \"I loathe him. He has everything that should be mine.\" \"Happiness, generosity, kindness, integrity, honesty, sincerity,nhonor…that is what Leopold possesses, the title means nothing to him.\" \"Have you told him of your findings, Kate? Does he know he has anbrother? Does he know that his father had my mother on the eve of hisnwedding?\" She didn't say anything, \"I can only assume, that the answer isnno. You haven't told him. Everyone wants to keep Leopold safe and happy.nThat is how it has always been.\" There was bitterness in his voice. \"Why have you never told him? I am sure you have had manynopportunities to do so.\" \"Believe me, I have wanted to. I was never told of my parentage. Infound out by accident. You can't imagine how I felt.\" \"No, I don't think I can.\" Kate was trying to be understanding andnshe found that Edgar talking about it he warmed up a bit and sounded morenhuman. \"My mother's deal with Leopold's uncle…my uncle, excuse me…has heldnme back from revealing my true paternity, but that has been a farce. I amntired of the lies. I want more than the Mountbattens money. I want tondestroy Leopold's idyllic world, the fact that we are tied together bynblood means nothing to me. Leopold means nothing to me.\" He got up offnthe bed and stormed around the room, he went to the window where he sawnLeopold riding up to the house and he smiled. \"Ah, I do believe I havencompany, Kate.\" He opened a drawer and pulled out some rope, \"I will havento excuse myself.\" He went over to her and grabbed her by the wrists, wrapping the ropenaround them and cutting it with a knife, she struggled a bit and was readynto raise her leg and knee him in the crotch and he quickly moved the knifento her neck, \"I wouldn't think of doing anything stupid, Kate. Especiallynif you want to see Leopold again.\" \"But you are planning to kill him, what are the chances that I willnsee him again alive?\" He laughed and preceded to wrap the rope around her ankles, tying itntight, \"I am enjoying myself way to much, Kate. I plan to make him suffer,nso you will see him alive again. You may not like what you see, but henwill be alive.\" He chuckled evilly and continued to tie her up, \"In fact, Injust had a thought, wouldn't Leopold enjoy watching his brother take hisnwife. I have never had the opportunity to have my way with one from thenother world so to speak, it might be a rather enjoyable experience.\" Henlaughed out loud, \"Yes, very enjoyable…especially with Leopold having thenopportunity to witness it. And then…well, there are numerousnpossibilities, killing you is definitely one.\" He took the knife andnslowly let it slide up the inside of her thigh, her dress now pulled upnnear her waist, \"Ah, but alas, I will have to be patient, I must not be anrude host. I do have a guest waiting.\" He planted an aggressive kiss onnher lips and tried to force his tongue into her mouth, she quickly bit itnand he pulled back in pain, tasting the blood in his mouth, and thennsmiled, \"I like you, Kate. You will be an experience I will enjoynimmensely.\" He then stuck a handkerchief into her mouth to gag her andntied it. Leaving her on his bed. He went to the dresser and picked up thencontents of the wallet and then stuck them into his pocket, looking back atnher, \"We wouldn't want this to get into the wrong hands would we?\" Hensmiled, unlocked the door and left, locking it behind him. Janet had remained in the sitting room and found herself in a daze,nshe then heard tapping on the glass, and turned to see Jack in the window.nHis face frantic, she stood up and went to the window trying to make outnwhat he was saying, \"You have to get out of there now.\" \"But, Kate..\" \"I don't care about Kate.\" \"You mustn't say that, Jack. She has been a good friend to both ofnus. I am not leaving here without her.\" She walked away from the windownand Jack threw his hands up in despair. Janet went out into the hall, andnfound the groundsman there. \"I believe, his lordship, would like you to wait. I am sure he willnnot be long, Mrs. Blackmore.\" Janet knew she was in trouble now. There wasnno way she could get past this man. Edgar went to the door himself and opened it for Leopold, \"I havenbeen expecting you, your grace.\" Leopold eyed him curiously, \"I have come for my wife and then I willnleave your humble abode, Edgar. You will now fetch her for me, if youndon't want any trouble.\" Edgar laughed, \"I am afraid, Leopold. You have me trembling in mynboots. Please do come in. Maybe you would like a brandy. We do have muchnto celebrate, the birth of my son…ah, and the dissolution of your familyndebts.\" Leopold looked at him warily and Edgar smiled, \"Now that I have yournattention, you will join me for that brandy.\" Leopold was silent and followed him, and when they entered thensitting room was surprised to find Janet sitting there. Leopold lookednalarmed especially when he saw her state. She had been crying, he wentntowards her and she collapsed in his arms, \"Janet, where is Kate?\" \"I don't know.\" She sobbed. Leopold turned to Edgar, \"I demand you bring me my wife at once.\" He began to pour him a Brandy, \"Leopold, Leopold…in all due time, shenhas not been harmed I assure you. Please sit down, we have a lot to talknabout.\" He grabbed Janet by the arm and pulled her away from Leopold, \"Andnyou Mrs. Blackmore, will find it much more comfortable with me.\" \"Let go of her at once.\" Leopold was angry now and began to moventowards her. \"Leopold, if you want to see your wife, I suggest you sit down andnhave a brandy and allow me my little pleasure.\" Janet tried to strugglenaway from him but couldn't. Leopold took the brandy and watched as Edgarnrelaxed into the sofa pulling Janet down next to him, holding her tightlynagainst him, smiling. Leopold remained standing, and had never felt at such a loss fornwords as he did now. \"Sit, Leopold.\" Edgar demanded. Leopold watched asnEdgar held a knife to Janet's throat, \"I will not harm her, if youncooperate.\" Leopold did as he was told. Edgar seemed incredibly relaxed, and Leopold found his behaviornfrightening. The man was most definitely a psychotic of some kind. \"Wherento begin…I suppose it only fitting to begin with my conception.\" Leopold looked surprised and confused, and Edgar smiled, \"You see,nLeopold, your father was hardly the saint everyone made him out to be. Arenyou aware that he was quite the ladies man, before he meant your mother?nUnlike you, he bedded his share of women before he took a wife.\" \"Get to the point, Edgar.\" \"I am doing just that. You see, if your father would not have beennat that ball and met your mother, my mother would have become the Duchess.\" \"Don't make me laugh. My father would not have married your mother.nHe had no affection for her whatsoever.\" \"You are so sure of that? Then why on the eve of his wedding did hengive my mother a little present? A present that would always remind her ofnhim. I was conceived the eve of your parents wedding, I was conceived atnBalinor, with your virginal mother tucked away in her rooms sleepingnanticipating the wedding that was to occur. Your father had my mother,nright under your mothers nose.\" Leopold stood up agitated, \"How dare you speak of my parents in suchna manner. I will not listen to another word.\" \"I think you will, because you know it to be true.\" \"I know no such thing!\" \"Janet, tell him.\" Leopold looked at Janet and she put her headndown. \"It's true, Leopold. Maybe not the way he is telling it, but it isntrue.\" Leopold paced the room, trying to compose himself, \"This is the news,nKate found out here. This is what you have been keeping from me? For hownlong, Janet?\" Janet began to whimper and Edgar laughed, \"Janet has known for quitensome time, haven't you my dear? Your uncle sent her away because she knewnthat I was your brother.\" \"That isn't exactly true, Leopold. Edgar said things but I didn'tnunderstand them, I really had no idea till much later, when I was in India,nbut I had no proof, I couldn't tell you. It was speculation only. You havento believe me.\" She pleaded. Leopold was appalled with this information, \"You are saying that my unclenhas been aware of this situation for all this time?\" Edgar smiled, \"That is the case. Your family's indebtedness stemsnfrom your Uncle silencing my mother from revealing my paternity. What anscandal it could cause your family. Your uncle, or should I say our uncle,nbelieved he had your best interests at heart, but he got deeper and deeperninto debt, my mother asked for more money and he had no choice but tonsuccumb to her demands.\" Leopold's head was reeling with all this information. He turned andneyed Edgar not saying a word. He tried to see past the bitter angrynpsychotic of a man and see something else. A hint of the fact they werenrelated by blood. Something, but he saw nothing. Part of him felt henshould feel something. Feel something for a brother he had always longednfor. But there was nothing. He took the brandy and swigged it back, andnwithout asking went to the decanter on the sideboard and poured himselfnanother. \"Make yourself at home, dear brother.\" Edgar teased, \"This isndefinitely a time to celebrate, to bad your wife can not join us at thisntime, but she is indisposed.\" This set Leopold off and quickly he pulled Janet away from Edgar andnthe knife and threw her to the door, \"Get out, Janet. Now.\" Janet didn't hesitate and darted out the door. Leopold returned tonEdgar and found the knife now at his own neck, \"Nice move, Leopold. Saventhe damsel in distress, but you are not so lucky, brother dear.\" He took a deep breath and tried to remain calm although the anger wasnbuilding up inside of him, \"And what do you plan to do with me, Edgar?nKill me? I suppose that is the plan. You tried once and failed, no doubtna rather sore subject. I am sure you have every intention of succeedingnthis time around. What are you waiting for? Slit my throat, Edgar. Murdernyour own brother, become the Duke of Albany, isn't that what you havenalways wanted? All it would take is one slash…go on. Do it!\" Edgar didn't like his coolness, he noticed Leopold was much morencomposed and the self-assuredness he had always possessed had returned.nEdgar felt some of the power he gained slipping away and he couldn't allownthat to happen. Back at Balinor, Otis was concerned with the fact Leopold had notnreturned from his ride, and there was no sign of Kate or Janet and Jack fornthat matter. He confronted Millard as he was heading for the dining roomnfor dinner, \"My lord, I hate to disturb you, but I am concerned thatnLeopold has not returned and it is getting dark. Normally under thencircumstances I would not be alarmed but he was agitated earlier on thenjourney from London.\" \"Agitated about what, Otis?\" \"Lord Spencer, I am afraid. He ran into him last evening, and putnideas into Leopold's head as usual.\" Millard looked concerned, \"What kind of ideas, Otis?\" \"About the relationship you had with Leopold's father. And fromnthere Leopold asked questions about his mother and the fact she had nonother children. I know you have always wanted to protect him from anynpainful incidences.\" \"Otis as you recall, he and his mother nearly died.\" \"I am aware of that, but Leopold doesn't understand why he is notntold these things.\" \"I treat him like a child, that is what you are implying, Otis. Andnyou are correct. After his father died I had a huge responsibility and allnI ever wanted was that boys happiness.\" \"Then maybe now you can see it in your heart to tell him the truthnabout everything.\" Millard looked at Otis, he didn't know what he knew.nPossibly nothing but Otis knew things weren't right, and had known for anlong time. He had spent many years as Leopold's father's manservant andnthen had devoted his whole life to Leopold upon the death of his parents.nLeopold was like his son, and Millard knew that the relationship theynshared was one he would never possess with his nephew. \"What do you know of the truth, Otis?\" \"I know you are keeping secrets from him.\" \"I have done the best I could by him.\" \"Of course, sir, I know that and Leopold is aware of that as well.nBut it's time to tell him the truth, whatever that may be. And the soonernthe better. I believe Leopold is in danger.\" Millard looked surprised, \"I am sure you are mistaken, Otis.\" \"Kate is missing, Thomas has informed me Jack and Janet have not beennseen for hours as well. 4 horses are missing from the stables. I can onlynassume they will all be found at Westlake.\" \"Westlake?\" Millard looked alarmed. \"Did you know, Leopold has been carrying a pistol since the shootingnaccident?\" \"Oh, dear, god. I must have Thomas fetch the carriage. Leopold withna pistol! It is an image I would rather not even contemplate, especiallynwhen his temper flares up as it does on occasion.\" \"I suggest you contact the authorities, send a constable over to thenhouse. You are no match for Lord Spencer, sir.\" \"You are right. Will you get Thomas to do that, right away. I mustnhave a word with my wife.\" \"Right away, my lord.\" Otis left the room. Millard headed into the dining room looking full of gloom andnMargaret looked up at him, \"Millard, what is it?\" \"I am afraid there is trouble, Margaret. Trouble I am responsiblenfor.\" She got up and went to him, putting her arm around him. \"It can't be that bad, surely.\" \"I have kept things from you and Leopold for far to long. I havengotten myself into a large hole that continues to grow and is harder andnharder to get out of with each passing day. This nonsense is going to stopntonight. I must go to Westlake right away, I have every reason to believenKate and Leopold are in danger.\" Margaret covered her mouth, \"Edgar.\" Millard nodded, \"I have a lot of explaining to do to both of you, butnright now I must make hast, every minute that passes by could put theirnlives into jeopardy.\" She gave him a kiss, \"Do be careful. Oh, Millard, I couldn't bare itnif anything happened to either one of you.\" Millard wasn't sure what he was getting himself into, and could notnreassure her he would be safe, the way Edgar had been behaving lately, itnwas clear, he was clearly not of any sane mind whatsoever! Jack was still roaming the perimeter of the house looking for somenway to get in without being noticed, and was taken by surprise when thenbackdoor opened and Janet flung herself out breathing heavily. \"Oh, Jack.\" She ran to his arms and although he was cross with herndisobeying him he held her close to him. He was nearly in tears; \"I have to get you out of here.\" \"We can't go, Leopold and Kate are in danger. Edgar is a lunatic!\" \"Tell me something I don't know.\" \"We have to go find Kate. She is upstairs somewhere.\" \"I think we need to go back and get the authorities.\" \"No, it could be too late. He is going to kill Leopold, I have nondoubt. That can't happen, Jack. We can't let that happen.\" Jack held her close to him all the while thinking of what he must do.n Janet being held close to him felt his pistol in his trousers, and shentoo thought of what had to be done. Edgar had to be stopped.[Chapter 38] The staff of Westlake assembled in the kitchen under Mrs. Fleming.nShe was extremely concerned of the going-ons in the household and decidednto take some action to protect the staff. \"I do not understand what is going on in this house, but I for one donnot feel comfortable. His lordship is clearly not of a right mind and hisnbehavior is quite abnormal. I am suggesting all of us go down to thenoutbuildings and stay put, until all this boils over.\" Nancy stood in disbelief. She had been witnessing the events of thenday which had begun when Lord Spencer had arrived home and when he had hitnCharlotte, she realized he was going over the edge and it had terrifiednher. All afternoon she had sat with Lady Millicent and the baby and felt angrowing concern of what was going to happen. She had witnessed Lord Spencernand the Duchess enter his chambers and then had witnessed him locking thendoor behind him as he left. She found it extremely disturbing. Charlottenhad been sobbing in her room all afternoon and the Duke's arrival hadncaused quite a stir. \"But Mrs. Fleming, he has the Duchess locked upstairsnin his room and he attacked Charlotte earlier. And who knows what in god'snname is happening in the sitting room between him and the Duke. I find itnvery alarming!\" Some of the staff looked startled and whispered among themselves.n\"That is not any of our concern, Nancy.\" \"I don't know how you can say that. I believe they are in danger,nma'am.\" Mrs. Fleming nervously laughed, \"Oh, come along, Nancy. That isnludicrous. He would never hurt one of his own.\" \"But he would consider hurting the Duchess and the Duke…Mrs. Fleming,nhow can you turn a blind eye.\" \"Because he is our employer, and Nancy where would you be withoutnhim? Out on the streets. Remember that. Now let's make hast and get outnof here, right away. You may choose to stay if you like, but I stronglynadvise against it.\" They made their way out the back door. Nancy stood there confused.nShe had been known to succumb to Lord Spencer's advances on more than onenoccasion and had enjoyed herself she admitted, but lately his behavior hadnbeen odd and it scared her. She felt an obligation to Lady Millicent andnthe children. She wasn't sure what to do but she didn't feel right leavingnthem with that crazy lunatic in the house. Leopold still being held with a knife to his throat, found he hadnagitated Edgar. He was weakening. \"What are you afraid of, Edgar?\" \"Nothing. I am surely not afraid of you, Leopold. I would watchnyour tongue, if I were you. I assume you would like to see your wifenagain.\" \"It seems highly unlikely that will happen now, does it. You are setnon doing away with me. You are presented with the opportunity and I findnit extremely pathetic that you are unable to carry it out.\" \"I do not have to listen to you. If and when I decide to take yournlife I will do so in my own time. I take orders from no one.\" Leopoldnsensed nervousness in his voice. \"And besides I am not through with you.nI have the matter of your wives background to discuss with you and a fewnother tidbits up my sleeve.\" Leopold was a bit concerned about his remark about the background,n\"Kate's background? What about it?\" \"She dabbles in black magic, or some other supernatural hocus pocus Inam lead to believe.\" Leopold laughed, \"Really? This is news to me.\" Edgar let Leopold up but continued holding the knife near his throat.n \"Don't try anything stupid.\" \"I wouldn't think of it, Edgar.\" He said sarcastically. \"Leopold, I am serious.\" \"About my wives involvement in black magic or me being stupid?\" Edgar reached into his trouser pocket and pulled out her wallet,nLeopold recognized it right away and felt a bit of concern. It obviouslynshowed on his face, for Edgar smiled, \"Ah, so you recognize this.\" \"It belongs to Kate.\" \"Explain it to me, Leopold. If she is not a witch, then what donthese future dates mean and color photographs?\" \"You wouldn't believe a word if I told you.\" \"I am supposed to believe she has come from the future?\" \"Edgar, there is no point in even discussing this matter. Like Insaid, you will not believe it. But I assure you, Kate is no witch.\" \"I think the authorities might disagree with you once they lay theirneyes on this purse.\" \"And will the authorities find you holding me and my wife hostagenacceptable behavior for an English gentleman? Please do fetch thenauthorities. I would love to have a word with them.\" Edgar waved the wallet in the air, \"This does not concern you?\" \"Not in the slightest.\" As he said it, he felt otherwise. If anyonenelse saw that wallet, who knows what would happen to Kate. Edgar wasnfrustrated. He wanted Leopold to be riled, to be nervous, but he wasnshowing no signs of either one. Nancy headed out into the hallway after she had heard something, butnwhen she got there it was quiet, except the door for the sitting room wasnajar, just a tiny bit. She saw Lord Spencer and the Duke. Lord Spencernholding a knife very close to the Duke's throat, she gasped…began to stepnbackwards, and hit a vase with her elbow. It fell to the floor, shatteringninto pieces. The disturbance was all Leopold needed to get the knife away fromnEdgar. Edgar had been startled by the noise and jumped, Leopold knocked thenknife from his hand and it slid across the floor and under the sofa. Hengrabbed Edgar by his waistcoat lapels and swung at him with his right hand.n Edgar fell back into the sofa he was sitting on and tried to get up.nLeopold still holding onto his lapels, pulled him up so he was standing andnswung at him again. This time a much harder blow and Edgar fell to thenground, knocking his head on the corner of a table. He lay still on thenground and Leopold stood in shock for a few seconds. He heard a noise atnthe door and saw Edgar's maid standing there her hand over her mouth. \"You've killed him!\" She was about to run out of the room andnLeopold went over to her gently taking her arm. \"I somehow doubt that. Please, do not run away. I need to talk tonyou.\" He looked into her eyes, and Nancy saw a kindness she never knewnexisted. Leopold let go of her arm and knelt down next to Edgar's body.nHe checked his pulse and turned his head slightly seeing the damage fromnthe fall, he was bleeding but it wasn't too bad. He turned to Nancy, \"He'snalive. But we don't have a lot of time. I have no idea how long he willnbe unconscious.\" He stood up and went to her, taking her by the shoulders.n He could see she was shaken up, \"I need to know where my wife is. And getnher out of the house. He has every intention of killing me.\" She didn't say anything. And Leopold looked from her to Edgar,nwondering how long he would be out for. He had contemplated killing him innthe past, but now he looked at him in a different light. Leopold had anstrong sense of family, and no matter what contempt he felt for this evilnman, he was his brother. He would not murder his brother; he would allownthe authorities to deal with him. She knelt down next to Edgar and Leopold was surprised when he sawnher put her hand down the top of his trousers, and she pulled out a key,n\"She is in his chambers, your grace. This key will open that door.\" Shenheld out the key and he took it from her. \"Show me.\" \"I could lose my job, sir. I can't help you anymore. But please,nmake sure her ladyship and the children are all right. I am concernednabout their welfare.\" She handed him the other set of keys for the rest ofnthe house and darted out of the room and out the back door. Leopold wasted no time and flew up the flight of stairs, once therenhe was surprised to see Millicent kneeling at a door towards the left ofnthe staircase. She was crying and very weak, he went to her and helped hernup, \"Oh, Leopold, he has beaten Charlotte, the door is locked and I can'tnget in.\" Leopold heard the whimpering coming from behind the door andnlooked down the hall wondering where Kate was. He was concerned about thentime, but couldn't leave Millicent in this state and the child crying fornher mother. He quickly took the keys and tried a half dozen of them beforenthe door opened to reveal Charlotte crumpled on the ground in tears.nMillicent kneeled down next to her and held her. Leopold felt frantic, hendidn't have a lot of time and he was having to deal with all of this. \"Thenbaby, where is the baby, Millicent?\" \"In my room, in the cradle.\" Leopold left them and found her room down the hall, the baby sleepingnpeacefully in his cradle. Leopold picked him up and felt something fornthis tiny helpless child who Edgar had fathered. He was his uncle and henheld him close to him as he went back to Charlotte's room. Feeling a sensenof family, and the obligation to protect Millicent and the children fromnEdgar. He managed to help Millicent up to the bed and took the baby and laidnhim next to her, he turned to Charlotte and kneeled next to her, smiling atnher. Charlotte smiled back, he took out a handkerchief and wiped her eyesnand brushed her hair out of her face, \"You have to be a very brave, girl,nnow Charlotte. I am going to leave you here with your mother and brother.nYou must be very quiet.\" \"Will you come back for us?\" \"Of course I will. I won't be long, I promise.\" He stroked the sidenof her face and smiled sweetly at her. Millicent had sat up in bed, \"Leopold, what is going on? I need tonknow.\" \"I need to find Kate.\" \"What has Edgar done now?\" \"I believe we are all in danger, he is out of his mind, Millicent.nYour son is the only one safe from him.\" \"I don't understand.\" Leopold went to her side, taking hold of her hand \" I am afraid thisnnews will come as a bit of a shock to you, as it did for me. I have foundnout this evening that Edgar is my brother, Millicent. My half-brother andnhe wants the title, for himself and for his heir. I truly believe he willndo anything to get what he wants. I really must find, Kate. I will benback shortly, lie still and rest, you are not well.\" She squeezed his hand and he saw tears, \"He killed that woman 10nyears ago, the maid. She knew this information, obviously.\" \"We can talk about this later, I have to find Kate, Edgar isnunconscious downstairs but for how long I do not know. I must get all ofnyou out of this house immediately. It is no longer safe here.\" As he left Millicent tried to fathom the news she was just given. Itnall started to make sense now. Everything Edgar had ever done. Trying tonhurt Leopold and his family, and she looked at her innocent child lyingnnext to her. She would not allow for Edgar to ruin this child. A strengthncame over her and she got out of bed heading for the door, \"Mama, where are you going? The Duke told me to watch over you, henis coming back to help us.\" \"I have to do something, Charlotte. Please watch the baby.\" \"No, mama, please don't go.\" \"I am fine. Leopold will be here in a few minutes and he will looknafter you and the baby.\" Charlotte watched her mother leave the room and wondered what wasngoing on. Leopold found the room and as he entered was shocked to find Katentied up on the bed, \"Oh, my god, what has he done?\" He quickly went to her and took the gag out of her mouth, \"Thank godnyou came. He hasn't done anything, I am fine.\" He began untying her, \"Not yet anyhow. Kate, I should take you overnmy knee. I have been adamant about the danger of you being here and knownlook what has happened.\" She noticed a little blood on his neck where thenknife had caught him. \"You are hurt.\" He reached up to his neck and felt the blood. \"It's nothing. Just a nick. We need to get out of here and quick.nI knocked Edgar out and he's downstairs. I have no idea how long he willnbe unconscious. I am hoping Jack and Janet have gone for the authorities.\" Once the ropes were off she wrapped her arms around him, and henkissed her. \"My fairy tale duke.\" He managed to smile, \"This is not the appropriate time, for this,nalthough it is very much appreciated after the encounter I have just had.\" \"He told you?\" \"Yes, I know about his parentage. Look, that is not important now.nI must get you, Millicent and the children out of here.\" \"There is more.\" \"For god's sake, don't tell me that. Don't you think finding out henwas my brother was enough for one day?\" \"You said you wanted to know everything.\" \"Make it quick.\" He continued to look towards the door. \"The previous Lord Spencer had your parents murdered.\" Leopold looked at her in disbelief, \"Kate, really, that is farnfetched.\" \"I can prove it, come with me.\" She took his hand and they looked down the hall making sure it wasnclear then across to Jocelyn's room where Kate pulled the box out fromnunder the bed, and took the key from the drawer. Leopold was curious, butnfelt they were wasting valuable time, she quickly unlocked the box andnhanded Leopold the journal, leaning over him and flicking through the pagesnto find the entry about the plans he had for Leopold's family. Leopoldnbegan to read it in disbelief and as he read the last line, Lady Jocelynnappeared in the doorway, holding a gun, \"I could have you both forntrespassing in my home, going through my personal things. I take it you arenenjoying your read, your grace?\" \"This is true?\" Leopold slapped his hand down on the page of thenjournal. \"I really don't know, my husband was not in his right mind half ofnthe time. For all I know it is a scenario he made up in his head, to amusenhimself.\" \"But it happened, my parents were trapped in their cabin going tonIndia. The fire engulfed them, they had no chance.\" \"But you were not on that ship. It is clear you have a guardian angelnlooking over you, your grace. \" \"Obviously, I spoilt your plans.\" \"I had no idea of my husbands intentions till after his death, butnthen it was too late. I was left broke and indebt, I had no othernalternative than to go to your uncle and tell him of Edgar's paternity.\" \"And should I believe you are telling the truth about that matter? Inrecall hearing rumors that you were known to share your bed with many ansuitor.\" \"I only ever wanted your father, and he slighted me for your dearnsweet mother. I was not sad when I heard the news of their death. Younmother had no right to him, he would've married me.\" Both Leopold and Kate saw that look in her eyes. She was delusional,nmuch like her son. \"And I am lead to believe, my father was having annaffair with you, while he was courting my mother. Which seems highly outnof character for him. But then I suppose I could have been told lies aboutnthe relationship they possessed. It would not be out of the ordinary fornmy uncle and others near and dear to me to keep things from me.\" He gavenKate a look, and she quickly looked down at her feet. Jocelyn laughed out loud, \"Yes, they have been good at doing that,nhaven't they? Poor Leopold.\" She said sarcastically. \"but alas, in thisncase they did not lie. Your father laid eyes on your mother at that ballnand never looked at another woman again,\" \"Then you are lying about Edgar's paternity.\" \"That is not the case. Edgar is indeed your father's child. The evenof his wedding, the men were having a jolly time drinking and carrying onnin the village. I was waiting for him when he was about to leave. Otis,nyour manservant, was there to take him back to Balinor in the carriage. Henwanted nothing to do with me, your father. I was shattered. He brushed menaside, and told me I would meet the man I was destined to be with. I hadnto believe that. As he rode away in the carriage, I knew I had to donsomething. I was desperate. How could he do this to me? So I rode tonBalinor, and paid one of the servants to let me in. When your father camento bed, I was there waiting for him.\" Leopold held his hand up, \"I do not wish to hear another word.nClearly, you took advantage of my father being intoxicated by drink.\" \"He was drunk, but he knew what was happening Leopold and he let itnhappen. Of course, once he had gotten what he wanted from the situation Inwas told to leave and he didn't even look me in the eye. He said he feltnsorry for me. I said I would tell your mother and he said he would tellnyour mother.\" \"My mother knew?\" \"I don't believe she did. I think he knew I would back off if he saidnhe would tell her. Well, and that was that. I married Lord Spencer when Inknew I was with child. He had always been fond of me. I never told yournfather about Edgar. He may have had an idea, but I chose not to tell him.nI am not sure why. My husband loved Edgar, would do anything for him. Henwas never a very well man and I felt giving him those years as beingnEdgar's father were very important. So you see, it is all the truth.\" \"And now what? Do you want me dead as well?\" She smiled at him, \"You are so much like your father in looks andnmannerisms. A constant reminder of what I longed for in my youth. But, Inwould do anything for my son.\" \"And that means kill me.\" She nodded, as she cocked the pistol and held it up aiming right fornLeopold's chest. But before she could even pull the trigger a gun shot wasnheard from downstairs which startled her and she dropped the pistol.nQuickly Leopold picked it up and held it at her then looked at Kate, \"It'snJack. Jack has his pistol.\" He handed the gun to Kate, \"Can you handlenthis situation?\" Kate felt a bit nervous as she held the pistol in her hands. \"Yes, Incan.\" He smiled at her and placed his hand on her cheek and smiled,n\"That's my girl. I will see what is happening downstairs.\" \"Be careful.\" Jack and Janet had managed to get into the house once Nancy hadnrushed out, Jack didn't want her to leave his side, and held her close tonhim, \"You stay with me at all times.\" \"But I could go upstairs and find Kate.\" \"Are you listening to me, woman? You will not leave my side.\" \"Alright.\" They cautiously walked down the corridor and when theyngot to the sitting room, found Edgar lying on the floor, Janet gasped. \"He's dead. Leopold killed him.\" Jack went over to him and Janet remained by the door shaking. Jacknleant down and felt his pulse, \"he's alive. We have to go find Leopold.\" Janet stood at the door almost in shock and Jack could get nonresponse from her, \"Janet, what is it? Come on, we have to go.\" She wouldn't budge, and he physically took her by the arm out intonthe corridor and sat her down on a bench near the door, \"Get a grip,nwoman.\" But she was dazed and not responding. He did not want to leave hernand felt time was wasting; he took her to the kitchen and sat her down. Henfelt she would be safe there, \"Stay put. Do not leave here, do younunderstand?\" \"He should be dead, Jack,\" \"Right, I agree, but what is important now is getting the others outnof here. Obviously, you are in no condition to partake in this endeavor sonyou will stay here till I return.\" She nodded. He felt apprehensive about leaving her but felt he hadnno choice. He was concerned about the baby as well. He then headed fornthe other part of the house. Janet sat alone looking at the walls, picturing Edgar's body lyingnlimp on the ground, she had wanted him dead and when Jack had said henwasn't she felt angry and betrayed. He had no right to be alive. Shenstood up and paced around the room, then began opening drawers andncupboards and when she found what she was looking for she smiled. Shenpicked up the newly sharpened carving knife and held it in her hands. Shenhad had enough. It was time for this whole fiasco to end! Millicent knew exactly where to find Edgar's pistol in his study. Shenknew she wasn't well, but felt an odd strength come over her as she tooknthe gun out of the drawer and held it in her hands. All she could thinknabout was protecting her children. Edgar had beaten Charlotte and henplanned to take the baby away from her. She couldn't allow that to evernhappen. They were her life and she would do anything to keep them safe.nShe headed out the door and towards the study. Edgar slowly came to, holding his head and was surprised to findnMillicent standing over him, \"Damn it all, that bastard. Millicent, hentried to kill me. That was definitely his intention, he and that witch ofna wife of his must be stopped.\" She held the gun out and cocked the trigger, \"I think it is you thatnmust be stopped, Edgar.\" He nervously laughed, \"Millicent, what are you doing?\" \"I will not allow you to take my son away from me.\" \"You are not well, and the fever is effecting your mind. I have nonintention of taking the baby away from you.\" \"I don't believe you. All you have ever wanted is a son. Now younhave him, I am indispensable.\" \"Millicent, you are talking rubbish.\" \"You will toss Charlotte and I aside now. We are of no use to you.nOnce Leopold is dead you will become Duke and you will have your heir, whynwould you want your sickly wife and daughter around to put a damper on allnyour fun? Women at your beck and call, a different one in your bed everynnight. You will be in your element, Edgar. No use for me.\" \"I take my marriage vows seriously, Millicent.\" \"Don't make me laugh, you are only saying this because I am holding angun to you. It's over, Edgar. You will no longer harm my children, younwill no longer treat me like a doormat, and the Mountbattens will be ablento live in peace knowing that you are no longer around to destroyneverything in their lives.\" \"You know about Leopold and myself being related.\" \"You look surprised. I know more than you realize. I have sat backnlong enough.\" He began to get up, \"You won't do it.\" \"Try me. I would stay still if I were you.\" \"You are not me.\" He started to get up and began to approach hernreaching for the gun, \"Give me the gun, Millicent.\" and she fired thenpistol, and the bullet entered his chest, very close to his heart. Hisneyes went wide and his mouth let out a yell and he fell back onto thenfloor. Janet was now at the door and witnessing the event, as she held thencarving knife close to her side, she couldn't believe her eyes. She watchednas Edgar hit the ground and Millicent shake and grow pale, she thenncollapsed to the floor. Janet went to her side immediately, and noticednher pulse was incredibly weak. She looked at Edgar's limp body andntrembled afraid to go anywhere near it. Leopold ran into Jack on the stairs, \"That shot. It wasn't you?\" \"No.\" \"Does Janet have your pistol?\" Jack felt his trousers and the pistol was still there, \"No, it'snhere. Who else is in this house?\" Leopold turned towards Charlotte's room, and quickly made his wayntowards the door. He opened it to find Charlotte holding her brother andnrocking him, singing to him, \"Charlotte, where is your mother?\" \"I don't know. I told her to stay here. She told me to watch thenbaby.\" He could see she was distraught. And he placed his hand on hernshoulder, looking into her eyes. A look she had always imagined her fathernmight give her one day. But that was never to be. But Leopold's gazenreassured her. \"It's alright. Everything is going to be fine. You are doing anwonderful job, taking care of your brother. I will go find your mother andncome back for you shortly. You trust me, don't you?\" She nodded. \"It's my father isn't it? He has done something bad. Sometimes Inthink I might be bad inside too.\" \"No, you are not bad. You are a lovely young lady, and your mothernis so proud of you. I am as well. \" \"but I have bad thoughts, I wish my father was dead.\" Leopold was about ready to lose it. This poor young girl, never tonhave experienced the love of a father. \"Well, let me tell you something. We all have bad thoughts, it'snokay and you know something else?\" \"What?\" \"I have always wanted to have a niece.\" \"but you have no brothers and sisters so you can't have a niece.\" \"Well, it so happens that your father is my half brother. Do you knownwhat that means?\" \"Sort of. You have one parent that is the same.\" \"That is right. That means, Charlotte, you are my niece. And I wasnso hopping that you aren't to grown up to call me Uncle Leopold.\" Hensmiled tenderly at her. She smiled back, \"Really, you really are my uncle?\" \"Yes, and I can't tell you I couldn't be more pleased.\" \"You are my brother's uncle too?\" He nodded. Jack was poking him, \"Leopold, I think we need to see whatnis going on down there.\" \"Right\" he gave her a pat on the head, \"I won't be long I promise.\" She smiled up at him. It gave Leopold some hope. Something good wasngoing to come out of this mess. They rushed down the stairs and into the study, only to findnMillicent out cold, Edgar limp on the floor, blood splattered on the sofanand floor and Janet weeping uncontrollably on the floor next to Millicent. Leopold eyed the body as he stepped over it to get to Millicent andnJanet; he saw the gun lying by Millicent's hand and then the carving knifennext to Janet. Jack immediately checked Edgar's pulse, and Leopold lookednover at him with a questioning look, Jack just shook his head. Janet lookednup, \"He's dead?\" \"Yeah,\" Jack moved over to her and held her in his arms, \"It's okay,nit's over.\" He eyed the knife and wondered what Janet had in mind. Henrocked her gently and stroked the back of her head, looking over at Leopoldnwho was trying to revive Millicent, \"She is out cold, this is not good. Inleft her a few minutes ago and she could barely sit up in bed, how the hellndid she get down here and then fire a gun and kill this man?\" \"I never would have thought it of her.\" \"Obviously she had had enough, just like the rest of us. We have gotnto get her to a doctor.\" All of a sudden Leopold realized Kate was stillnupstairs with Jocelyn and the children. \"Oh, god Kate and the children.\"nHis mind started racing, all this responsibility now lay in his hands andnhe needed to think straight. What was the first thing that had to be done?n \" Jack can you get Janet back to Balinor and get help?\" \"I can try.\" Leopold looked back down at Edgar and Jack saw the look in his eyes,nrealizing that the news of Edgar being his brother had affected him. Nonmatter how much Leopold despised Edgar, the fact still remained they werenbrothers. \"Are you going to be okay, Leopold?\" \"Of course, I am.\" He sighed. \"Why do you say that?\" \"I mean, you just found out he's your brother and now…\" \"he's dead.\" Leopold obviously didn't want to talk about it. \"I neednto get up to Kate. Please try and hurry, I am concerned about Millicent'sncondition.\" \"Of course, I will be right on it.\" Jack watched Leopold leave thenroom and he held Janet close to him, he was concerned about his friend. Henmanaged to get Janet up, \"We have to go get help for Millicent.\" Janet did not want to look at Edgar's body but he was sprawled acrossnthe floor in such a way there was no way to avoid it or get around it.nThen he realized they could leave through the back door, he then spottednKate's wallet and picked it up. The mysterious wallet. He held it in hisnhand and then stuffed it into his pocket. He got Janet out of the door andnout to the horses, but just as they were going to ride off, Janet spottednthe carriage coming down the road. \"Look, Jack, it's Lord Mountbatten'sncarriage.\" Jack told Janet to stay and he galloped off towards the carriage. When Leopold arrived back in the room, he had a melancholy look onnhis face. Jocelyn who had obviously been drinking before was quiet and hadnasked if she could lie down which Kate had allowed. \"What happened downstairs?\" \"I will fill you in later. Jack and Janet have gone to get help. Wenjust have to sit and wait it out till help arrives. Charlotte and the babynare down the hall, I would imagine the baby will need to be fed soon.\" \"Where is Millicent? Is she alright?\" He glanced over at Jocelyn who was not paying attention. He shook hisnhead, \"She is far from alright. I have no idea where the damn staff havenbuggered off to,\" He held his head in utter frustration, \"I could use theirnassistance at this point in time.\" \"What do you want me to do?\" \"I don't know.\" Leopold then heard voices downstairs, \"that was damn quick.\" \"Maybe your uncle sensed something was wrong when we didn't return.\" \"You are probably right. Do you mind staying with Jocelyn justnawhile longer?\" \"Of course not. She has lost her fight. Doesn't seem to care anynmore. He's dead isn't he, Leopold?\" Leopold nodded and quietly left the room. Leopold picked up the tiny infant who by this time was wailing fornfood and took Charlotte's hand as they went downstairs. They were met atnthe foot of the stairs by his Uncle. \"Oh, dear god, Leopold, I am relieved to find you in one piece.\" \"You brought help?\" \"The authorities, Jack is showing them the body.\" Leopold lookedndown at Charlotte who seemed to be taking everything in, and then noticednOtis standing by the doorway. \"Excuse me, Uncle, I will see if Otis can take Charlotte to thenkitchen for something to eat.\" \"I am not hungry, Uncle Leopold.\" Millard was surprised by the waynshe addressed him and Leopold noticed his uncles facial expression, andngave him a look. \"Well, your brother is. So let's see what we can do about it,nalright?\" \"The lady from the village feeds him.\" \"Ah…and where might she be?\" Charlotte shrugged. Otis met Leopold at the bottom of the stairs; thensight of Leopold with a wailing infant was definitely odd. \"Your grace,ncan I be of some assistance.\" \"Unless you can supply this child breast milk, I doubt it.\" Otisnsmiled, \"but you can take Charlotte into the kitchen avoiding the sittingnroom at all costs, and find out where the hell are the servants and thisnbaby's wet nurse?\" \"I will see what I can do, your grace.\" Charlotte was a bit leery of going with Otis; she had been clutchingnLeopold's hand with all her might. Leopold smiled reassuredly down at her,n\"Otis will look after you, he does a fine job looking after me.\" \"Why do you need someone to look after you, Uncle Leopold?\" Otis was waiting for Leopold's answer and Leopold smiled, \"You arennever to old to have someone to look after you. In fact, adults are in muchnmore need of looking after than children. I don't know what I would donwithout, Otis\". Charlotte looked skeptical. \"I see you don't believe me.\" \"I think you can look after yourself.\" Otis smiled, \"You would be surprised, Miss Charlotte. Your unclenneeds a great deal of looking after. I doubt he knows where his socks arenkept, or how to fill a bathtub.\" Charlotte giggled and loosened her grip onnLeopold and took Otis' hand. Leopold smiled at her, \"I'll see you later.\" He then looked up atnOtis with a concerned look on his face, \"Thank-you, Otis.\" \"It is no problem, your grace. I feel I might possibly have thenbetter end of the deal.\" He gestured at the crying infant and Leopoldnsmiled. \"That is probably true.\" She went with Otis and Leopold found himself still holding the babynand jiggling it up and down to stop him from crying to no avail. Leopoldnspotted Janet who was standing close to the front door far away from thensitting room and all the commotion. \"Ah, Janet, you are just the person I was looking for.\" \"Oh, no you don't Leopold, you are not handing a crying baby over tonme.\" Leopold was at a loss and then turned to find the constable standingnbehind him, \"Your grace, my commander would like to have a word.\" \"Of course, but there is a matter I must have you check on upstairs.nMy wife and Lady Spencer are upstairs. Lady Spencer held a gun on the bothnof us, and I have every reason to believe she would have shot us if not fornthe incident that occurred in the sitting room.\" \"I'll see to it right away, your grace.\" \"And I will have a word with your commanding officer right away.\" Henturned back to Janet and handed the baby to her, \"Pressing business, I amnafraid.\" \"What am I supposed to do with him?\" \"I think it was time you found out, wouldn't you say? Good practice,nmy dear.\" She gave him an evil look and began rocking him and humming to him.nLeopold went to the library where the commander had been questioning Jack.nJack notice that Leopold was holding up very well, but there was somethingnhidden behind his eyes, Leopold managed a smile, \"I think your wife couldnuse your assistance. I have left her holding the baby. It is quite ansight.\" \"Good practice for her.\" \"My sentiments exactly.\" Leopold sat down in a chair while the commander was going over somennotes. Uncle Millard showed up behind him, \"Leopold, I really must have anword with you.\" \"As you can see, Uncle, I am adding any knowledge I can give aboutnthe events that occurred this evening. I am sure the commander will notnkeep me long.\" Millard couldn't help but notice the edge in his voice. He was thennstartled by the appearance of Kate behind him a bit out of breath fromncoming down the stairs, holding Lord Spencer's journal in her hands,n\"Leopold.\" Her voice sounded distressed and Leopold turned andnacknowledged her. \"Kate.\" He held out his hand for her and she moved over towards him,npulling up a chair and sitting next to him holding his hand. He looked innher eyes and raised her hand to his lips. Kate saw that look again, thencommander looked up from his notes. \"So, your grace, I am quite baffled about this whole occurrence.nYour wife's personal companion with a carving knife, your groomsmenncarrying a pistol…it seems very likely that both of them had intentions ofntaking Lord Spencer's life this evening but his wife beat them to it.\" \"It does seem that way, in fact I am positive it is that way.\" \"Pray tell, why?\" \"It could become rather lengthy, sir.\" \"I have all night. Is it possible you and your wife too hadnintentions of murdering this man as well.\" \"The furthest thing from my mind, Commander, you see Edgar Spencernwas my half brother.\" The Commander looked a bit surprised. Kate held up the journal,n\"Maybe this would explain some things, Commander. Edgar Spencer wanted mynhusband dead, just like his father had wanted him dead…his father hadnLeopold's parents murdered on that ship many years ago. Leopold shouldnhave been on that ship with them.\" \"I find this story very hard to believe, your grace.\" Leopold was silent; he did not want to talk about his parents. Henfelt a sadness come over him and Kate saw the reaction he was having, sonshe spoke up, \"It's all in the journal. I don't mean to be rude, but undernthe circumstances, I don't think this is the time to be questioning mynhusband.\" \"I can speak for myself, Kate.\" \"Of course you can, Leopold.\" The Commander noticed the tension. He took the journal from Kate andnshe stood up and showed him the entries he should look at it. Afternreading them he looked at Kate and then at Leopold. \"This is the first you have heard of this information, am I correct,nyour grace.\" Leopold nodded. The Commander felt some compassion for this man. \"Inthink it best you both go home. There is nothing either one of you can donhere.\" \"I have a responsibility to my niece and nephew and I need thenreassurance that their mother is receiving the best possible care.\" \"She will be convicted, your grace.\" \"If she survives! She is extremely ill. Can't you take that intonconsideration?\" \"She pulled the trigger, and he was unarmed.\" Leopold stood up agitated, \"You have no idea what that man has beenncapable of.\" \"I am sure I don't, but it doesn't mean anyone has the right to takenhis life. Lady Spencer will be taken to hospital, and upon her recovery benconvicted of murder, your grace. That is the law.\" \"And what is to become of her children when you sentence her withnthis crime?\" \"Their grandmother will gain custody, your grace. She is theirnclosest living relation.\" He slammed his hand down on the desk and Kate gently took hold of hisnarm, \"Leopold, calm down.\" \"Don't tell me to calm down. I will not leave those children withnEdgar's mother. I demand full custody and guardianship. I will fight thencourts, sir, you can be guaranteed of that. They will return to Balinornwith me, where they have the attention and love they both deserve. Theirngrandmother held a gun to me, she has blackmailed my family…and you believenthis is the type of person who should be raising these children,nCommander?\" \"Your grace, in all due respect this is their home and don't younthink they should remain here?\" \"Ask Charlotte what she wants? I think you will be surprised at hernanswer, Commander. This house has been no home to her.\" The constable walked in, \"Excuse me sir, your grace…but under thencircumstances I believe that Lady Spencer should be taken into custody,nmore appropriately committed.\" The Commander looked surprised and Leopold looked triumphantlynpleased. \"On what grounds?\" \"She is rattling off about killing the Duke and hoping her daughternin law would die, so she and her son and the baby could live at Balinor inngrandeur. She is off her rocker, sir.\" Leopold looked at the Commander, \"And now what do you say about thenchildren remaining here?\" \"Excuse me, your grace. I will check out the situation myself.\" Henleft the room and Leopold put his head in his hand. Kate put her armsnaround him and he took a deep sigh as he then put his arms around her. \"It's going to be alright, Leopold.\" \"And what is to become of Millicent?\" \"She was a mother protecting her children. They have to see that.nBut then I suppose in this day and age, they haven't heard of postpartumndepression. I think we need to take one step at a time. She needs to getnwell.\" \"And how do you feel about the children?\" \"I believe they belong at Balinor with you.\" \"And you. Kate, they are my flesh and blood, my family. That meansnthey are your family too. Do you believe they will take away the joy Inwill feel about my own child?\" \"Of course not. And of course they are my family too. I am so sorrynthis all had to happen.\" He buried his head in her neck, and she thought she felt a tear. Shenstroked his back and ran her fingers through his hair. She wantedneverything to be alright. And she knew it was going to take time. Edgarnhad been stopped, but at the expense of Leopold. Even in death the man wasndestroying him.[Chapter 39] Millard stood at the door and cleared his throat. Kate and Leopold lookednup. The last person he wanted to speak to was his uncle and when Leopoldnfinally spoke his voice sounded irate, \"What is it, Uncle?\" \"Mightn't I have that word with you now, Leopold?\" Millard saidncautiously, knowing full well that Leopold was upset with him. \"One word, Uncle? I suppose I could tolerate one word.\", Leopold saidnsarcastically. Kate rolled her eyes, she could feel it coming, another run in. She sensednMillard wanted to speak to him privately, so she pulled away from Leopold,nand he immediately grabbed her hand and held on to it firmly, \"Anything mynuncle wishes to say to me, he can say in front of you, Kate.\" \"I just thought..\" Leopold cut her off, \"You can cease thinking for me for starters,\" he saidnannoyingly. \"It is getting rather disconcerting that my wife and othernmembers of my family continue to find it necessary.\" Millard spoke up, \"Really, Leopold. That is truly not the case. It isnobvious you are very upset about what has transpired here this evening.nAnd of course you have every reason to be..\" Leopold sarcastically cut in, \"Oh, Uncle, how astute of you to come to thatnconclusion and allow me to have such feelings.\" \"Leopold, please\", Millard could tell this was going nowhere. \"Please what? Please listen to anything you have to say to me. After allnthe lies and deception you have told me for over 20 years. I don't see hownyou can have the gall to even suggest such a thing.\" At this time the Commander appeared at the door and realized he wasnstepping right into the middle of a family argument. Kate was pleased.nAnything to distract Leopold from a major argument was very welcome. Kate acknowledged him, \"Commander, do come on. Don't mind these two. Didnyou need to speak to us about something?\" Leopold and Millard looked towards the door, \"I beg your pardon, yourngrace, my lord, ma'am, but I thought you would like to be informed thatnyour groomsman has so kindly gone to town to fetch the doctor for LadynSpencer and we will be moving the body to the mortuary momentarily.\" \"And what of Edgar's mother?\" Leopold asked. \"I will be speaking to the doctor and get his advice. She is quitendelusional and in no way fit to remain here under the circumstances.\" Otis appeared behind the commander at the door and Leopold waved him in,n\"Otis is everything alright?\" \"Yes, your grace, the wet nurse has been found and the child is being fed.nMiss Charlotte is asking for her mother, sir. Janet is with her now, but Inthought it might be best if you were to speak to her. I assumed that isnwhat you would want.\" \"You assumed correctly, Otis. Thank you.\" He turned to Millard, \"We willnhave to continue this conversation some other time, Uncle. Maybe when Inhave found it in my heart to forgive you. Which could possibly be never.\" \"Leopold, you do not mean that.\" \"I most certainly do mean it, Uncle.\" He headed towards the door andnturned to the Commander, \"I would like Charlotte to see her mother.\" \"Of course, your grace, we have moved her into the library.\" Leopold walked out with Otis and Millard turned to Kate, \"You must speak tonhim, Kate. It is imperative he hears what I have to say. Only you cannconvince him to do so. You must know what he means to me and howneverything I have ever done was to protect him.\" Kate was concerned at Leopold's final words to his uncle, \"I have nevernseen him so distraught, Millard. I don't think I will have much influencenon him. Maybe you just need to give him some time. He has a lot to sortnthrough right now. Edgar, Millicent, the children, the death of hisnparents.\" \"I knew nothing about that, you must believe me Kate. I am as shocked asnLeopold to hear of Lord Spencer's arranging for my brother and his wife'snmurder.\" \"It doesn't matter what I believe, it's Leopold you have to convince.\" The staff was now assembled in the kitchen being questioned by a constable.n In the corner the lady from the village was nursing the infant. Janet hadnnot liked the whispering and found it was upsetting Charlotte, so she tooknher outside and they sat on the back step looking up at the stars. Otisnand Leopold found them there. He wanted to be alone with her, \"Otis, speak to my uncle and tell him wenwill be heading back to Balinor shortly. Janet, Kate, the baby and the wetnnurse can take the carriage back with you.\" \"And Miss Charlotte?\" Leopold smiled tenderly at his niece, \"I thought Charlotte would like tonride Guinevere back with me.\" Charlotte gasped, \"Oh, no, Uncle Leopold, I could not. Guinevere is a realnhorse, not a pony like Clover.\" \"I don't see why a young lady such as your yourself should have any problemnwith a fine horse like Guinevere. She is very gentle. Would you like tonride back with me?\" \"Oh, yes, Uncle Leopold, I'd like that very much. If you really think I amnable.\" \"More than able..well, that settles that then.\" He smiled at Otis. \"I will make the arrangements, your grace.\" \"Thank-you, Otis.\" Janet smiled at him, \"Why are you looking at me that way, Janet?\" \"I do believe you are going to make a wonderful father, Leopold.\" He felt a bit embarrassed, \"Run a long, inform Kate I will be riding withnCharlotte.\" As Otis and Janet walked away Charlotte looked up at him confused. He hadnsat down next to her and taken hold of her hand, \"But why won't I benstaying here with my governess and my mother?\" Leopold's expression turned to concern, \"Charlotte, I need to speak to younabout what happened tonight.\" \"Is it bad?\" Leopold nodded, \"Yes, I am afraid it is.\" \"Is it Mama? I know she is sick, I know she could die.\" \"No, no, it's not that. You see, your mother was not very happy with yournfather. I am surenyou were aware of this fact.\" She nodded. \"And you are right, she hasn't been well. The birth of your brother wasnvery difficult for her.\" Leopold wasn't sure where to go from here. Henknew he had to tell her the truth. He wasn't going to lie like his unclenhad to him all those years ago. But Charlotte sensed something and she had heard some of the servantsnwhispering, \"I heard a shot, Uncle Leopold. Is my father dead?\" Leopold swallowed hard, feeling choked up. \"I'm afraid he is, Charlotte andnyour mother fired the pistol that killed him. You have to understand thatnshe is not well and probably not in her right mind at the time.\" \"My mama wanted him dead, just like I did.\" Leopold was surprised by this comment. \"Is it bad, I don't care? That I can't cry? When you lose someone younlove you should cry. Is it bad I never loved him? Will God be mad at Mamanand me?\" Leopold held her in his arms, \"How could anyone be mad at you?\" \"Is Mama going to be alright?\" \"I don't know. She will have to go to hospital for awhile.\" \"And my brother and I are going to live with you?\" He pulled back and smiled down at her, \"If that's all right with you?\" She managed a smile and nodded, but then looked concerned, \"Nasty oldnGoverness Finch isn't coming to live with you too, is she? She's horrible.n She slaps me when I get answers wrong. I would not be happy at your housenwith her there.\" He smiled, \"No nasty Governess Finch will be living with us, I assure you.nI will arrange for a proper Governess but until that time you will havenyour lessons with Janet. Anything else on your mind, young lady?\" \"Can I eat with the grown-ups in the dining room? I don't like eating innthe nursery. I have been told it's improper until I am 14, but I cannbehave, Uncle Leopold, really I can?\" \"I am sure you can and I don't see why you can't sit in the dining room.\" She smiled, \"Will you be strict? Will you punish me?\" \"If you are naughty, yes, I will.\" He managed a stern expression. \"I guess that is okay. I don't want to grow up unruly and disrespectful.nOtherwise Gareth will never love me.\" \"Well, then we will make sure you will be properly disciplined and conductnyourself like a proper young lady, so Master Gareth will have no desire tonever look at another.\" \"You are teasing me, Uncle Leopold.\" \"On the contrary, I would find Master Gareth quite the fool if he hadnaffection for anyone besides yourself.\" She smiled at him, \"I think I am going to like having an Uncle.\" As she said this Leopold thought of his own Uncle. He wished he had thensame sentiments. He quickly snapped out of it, \"I thought you might likento see your mother before we left for Balinor.\" \"I would like that very much. Will she know I am there?\" \"I think she will.\" He stood up and she took his hand and they went intonthe library where Millicent had been laid on a sofa, a blanket coveringnher. Nancy sat with her. She quickly stood up and curtseyed to Leopold,n\"Your grace,\" \"Nancy, the Commander said it would be alright if Charlotte talked to hernmother. Has she gained consciousness?\" \"She comes and goes, your grace. Mumbles.\" Charlotte pulled Leopold with her as they drew closer to Millicent. Shentook hold of her mother's hand, \"Mama, it's Charlotte. I want you to know Inam going to be okay and you needn't worry about me, while you are gettingnbetter.\" She looked up at Leopold for reassurance and he nodded for her to go ahead.n\"Uncle Leopold is going to look after my brother and myself. And you arengoing to get better and come live with us at Balinor, where I am going tonsit in the dining room and be a proper young lady. I will behave for UnclenLeopold and make you proud. Please get better, Mama.\" She began to crynand Leopold got down on his knees to comfort her, as he did there was somenmovement. \"Charlotte.\" Millicent was very weak, but she said her name withnconviction. \"Mama.\" Millicent opened her eyes barely and saw her daughter and Leopold. Shensmiled faintly. What would it have been like if only she had been marriednto Leopold and Charlotte had been theirs? It was only a dream. But seeingnthem together made her happy. \"Leopold.\" She managed to say. \"Millicent, you mustn't speak. Save your strength.\" \"The baby. Edgar mustn't have the baby.\" \"No, he will not have the baby. Charlotte and the baby will go to Balinornwith myself. I will look after them. You must concentrate on gettingnwell.\" Leopold realized she didn't remember shooting him. \"The baby needs to have a name.\" \"You needn't concern yourself with that at this time, Millicent.\" \"Philip.I would like him to be called Philip, after your father. Hisngrandfather. Edgar won't like it.\" She managed a little laugh. \"That is a fine choice, Millicent. Philip it will be.\" \"I am very tired.\" \"You close your eyes now and rest, the doctor should be here shortly.\" She looked back at Charlotte, gently squeezing her hand, \"Leopold is anwonderful man, he will be good to you and your brother. I want you tonalways remember how much I love you.\" Charlotte began to cry. \"I love you to Mama\" She then watched as her mother drifted off again. Shenlooked at Leopold, \"She is going to die, isn't she.\" \"Come, come, Charlotte, we don't know that. Let's leave your mother tonrest and we will get everything ready to go to Balinor.\" As Leopold escorted Charlotte out of the room he looked back at Millicentnlying there. He couldn't answer her question, because he was uncertain.nIf Millicent died, Charlotte and the baby, Philip would be orphans, likenhimself..to be raised by their uncle, just as he was. He would doneverything he could for them. As Millard had done for him. Is that whatnhe had done? Had Millard really had his best interests in mind when henlied and kept so many things from him? Leopold had a lot of questions henneeded to answer. But right now, there were other matters that needed hisnintention. After packing up a few things for Charlotte and the baby, Millard,nKate, Janet, the wet nurse, Philip and Otis took the carriage back tonBalinor. Leopold and Charlotte managed a steady pace on Mordred andnGuinevere, Margaret's mare tied to Mordred. The weather had remainednfairly pleasant throughout the day, so the ride back wasn't too cold. Itnwas getting rather late, and Charlotte was a bit tired, but she didn'tncomplain. Leopold took Charlotte's mind off her mother by telling hernstories about the adventures he had as a child at Balinor with Jack andnJanet. Of course he embellished them slightly to make them moreninteresting. Charlotte found Leopold's story telling enthralling and shenhung on every word. Leopold was not used to this kind of admiration andnfound it rather enjoyable. He was definitely looking forward to a child ofnhis own. The carriage arrived back sooner and Margaret and the servants were anxiousnfor their return. Margaret came rushing down the front steps and when shensaw her husband and then Kate felt a sigh of relief, but only briefly.nSeeing the strange woman holding the infant threw her. And everyone lookedndrained and tired. Millard gave her a hug, and she questioned him,n\"Where's Leopold? Is he alright?\" \"He's riding Mordred, Charlotte's with him.\" \"What has happened, Millard? Why are the children coming here?\" \"Edgar is dead, Millicent shot him, but she is very ill and is being takennto hospital. I don't expect her to live. Leopold has taken it upon himselfnto be responsible for the children. Which I find absolutely ludicrous undernthe circumstances. The man tried to kill him.\" Margaret looked confused, \"But I don't understand.\" Kate was passing them and heading up the stairs and stopped, \"She doesn'tnknow either?\" She questioned Millard and then looked at Margaret, who hadnpulled away from Millard and was facing Kate. \"What don't I know?\" Kate could see Millard feeling uncomfortable and she looked back atnMargaret, \"Leopold and Edgar are brothers.\" She noticed Margaret's shockednexpression and then looked at Millard, \"you have a lot of explaining tondo.\" Then continued into the house. \"Millard, I don't understand any of this.\" \"I have tried my hardest to make this family happy. I have done everythingnI possibly could for you and for Leopold, and I have made incredibly badnchoices. I cannot undo all the wrongs I have caused and now He will nevernspeak to me again.\" Millard stormed up the stairs leaving Margaretnstanding there. Otis was carrying in the children's bags and sawnMargaret's distress. \"I am sure everything will be fine, Lady Mountbatten, Leopold just needsnsome time to deal with the news he has received. I believe he is in quite anlot of pain, your husband has ceased to mention that Leopold has found outnhis parents were murdered. Losing them was hard enough at the age of 7,nthe fact they were murdered and that he could've been on that ship asnwell.I am sure has been very disturbing for him.\" She gasped and covered her mouth, \"Oh, my word, Otis, I cannot imagine whatnLeopold is going through. Please tell me my husband knew nothing aboutnthis murder.\" \"He did not. It must be disturbing for him as well.\" \"And you? You were scheduled to be on that ship as well, as I recall, butnPhilip asked you to stay with Leopold.\" \"Yes, my lady, that is true. His grace felt that I would be of much morenassistance to his son than himself.\" \"Leopold would have been lost without you, Otis. You have been much morenof a father than my husband could ever be. He tried, but never quitensucceeded. Whereas you and Leopold have always had a close relationship.\" There was the sound of horses' hooves and they both noticed the shadows ofntwo horses approaching the house, it was obvious Leopold and Charlotte.nOtis set the bags down inside the door and went down the steps to meetnthem, Margaret followed. Leopold dismounted Mordred and before he even had a chance to helpnCharlotte off Guinevere his aunt had him caught in an embrace, and he was anbit taken by surprise, \"Oh, Leopold, you cannot believe my joy to have younhome in one piece.\" Leopold wasn't sure what she knew of the lies and deceptions his uncle hadnfed him all his lives and didn't respond as she would have liked, \"Leopold,nwas is it?\" He pulled away from her, \"Aunt Margaret, I am fully aware of my unclesndeception over the years and I have an extremely hard time imagining youngoing along with it. I am hurt that you could be so heartless and not benhonest with me. I always believed our relationship was one of trust, I amnfinding that not to be the case.\" He headed over to Guinevere, where Otis was helping Charlotte off.nMargaret followed him, \"You are mistaken, Leopold. I knew nothing aboutnEdgar being your brother. In fact, I am still trying to understand hownthat could possibly be.\" \"I am in no mood to discuss this matter with you or anyone at this time, Inneed to get Charlotte and the baby settled. Otis, do you mind talking thenhorses down to the stables? I am sure Tom will be more than happy to seento them, since Jack might be awhile.\"n\"Yes, your grace, I will do that right away. The children's bags arensitting by the door, I haven't had time to take them inside.\" \"I can do that myself. When you are finished I would like to see you in mynquarters.\"n\"Yes, your grace.\" Otis took the horses and Leopold took Charlotte's handnand they walked passed Margaret in silence. Kate had the situation inside under control. While Lily and Mrs. Collinsnhad gone upstairs to get the nursery ready, Kate and Janet had made Sally,nthe wet nurse comfortable in the sitting room. Janet sitting in the cornernrocking the baby and singing to him. Kate trying to make some kind ofnconversation to make her feel comfortable. Molly had take Charlottenupstairs for a bath and then Leopold walked into the sitting room, thenatmosphere changed. Immediately Sally spoke up, \"I expect payment for mynservices, your grace. I have a family at home. And Lord Spencer wasnoffering me quite a large sum of money for nursing his son. With his motherndying, he surely will not survive without me.\" \"You don't have to inform me of that, Miss Smith. I will pay you whatevernmy brother was offering. But if you are to remain in my house, you willnalso obey my rules. You will not speak of my brother or the fact that thisnchild's mother could be dying. I do not take kindly to gossip, and younwill not partake in it, is that clear. The most important thing to me atnthis moment is the welfare of these two children.\" Kate was shocked by hisndemanding tone. It wasn't like him to ever to speak to a servant likenthat. She found it disturbing. Sally backed off, \"Of course, your grace, I didn't mean to offend. I justnwant what's coming to me, what I deserve.\" She sat back down. Leopoldnwent to Janet and took the baby from her hands. Janet looked over at Kate. \"Sally, you will follow me and I will show you where you will be sleeping.\"n He walked out the door without even speaking to Janet and Kate and theynboth found it odd. He picked up the bag on the way upstairs and both Katenand Janet watched him from the door.nJanet questioned his behavior, \"What is with him?\" \"Just when we get over one hump, we get to another.\" Janet didn't have anclue what she meant. Kate just sighed and proceeded upstairs to theirnroom. After Leopold had everyone settled in. He insisted on reading to Charlotte,nand a good hour passed before he joined Kate in their rooms. Kate was innher nightgown and reading. She put the book down when he entered and wentnto him, \"Where's Otis? I specifically asked to see Otis.\" \"I sent Otis to bed.\" \"Kate.\" he looked angry. She put her hand up over his mouth, \"I don't want to hear it. Not a word.nI am your wife, if you need to talk, you can talk to me. I can help younundress, in fact, there has been times on other occasions that you quitenenjoyed it.\" \"Not now, I am not in the mood.\" \"I can see that.\" \"Where's my brandy?\" \"Don't you take this out on me, Leopold. I know you are hurting, but Indon't deserve this.\"n\"All I asked for was my Brandy, how can that possibly be misconstrued asntaking it out on you. I am doing no such thing.\" \"It's your tone of voice.\" \"And how is my tone of voice, Kate.\" \"It's condescending.\" \"I will get my own brandy.\" He stormed off to the dressers where andecanter of brandy satnAnd a glass. He poured it, removed his jacket and tie and unbuttoned hisnshirt. He sat in the chair near the window which faced her and she stoodnover him, glaring. \"What?\" \"Are you going to talk about this?\" \"This, and what is this?\" \"Leopold, stop this game.\" \"I am trying to relax after an incredibly stressful evening, will you allownme that. I don't feel much like talking at this time about anything.nKate, if I have taken anything out on you, I am incredibly sorry. You arencorrect in saying you don't deserve it, because you do not. But I havenfound out in one day that my archenemy is my brother and in that same daynhe is shot by a woman I was to be engaged to. There is a strongnpossibility their children will be left orphans, which is a fate I wouldnnot wish on my worst enemy. To top that off, my parents were murdered,nand by some shear luck I was saved from that fate by being ill withnpneumonia and not being able to board that ship. And my uncle, let's notnforget that the man who raised me has fed me lies all my life. I donbelieve I have every right to feel agitated and hurt.\" \"Yes, you do.\" \"Thank you for allowing me that, Kate.\" \"What am I supposed to do? I feel helpless. We get through one thing andnsomething else rears it's ugly head. I can't stand seeing you so miserable.n It's like we aren't even meant to be happy.\" These words struck Leopold. He was silent. He set the glass down andnstood up and took her in his arms, \"There you are wrong. I have never beennas happy as the day you risked everything to be with me. And things havennot always been idealic, but without you I would never have gotten throughnmany of the obstacles thrown in my way the past few months. I have anreason now. A family I care for. But I need some time, Kate. I need somentime to deal with what has happened today. Please, understand. I am notnshutting you out.\" He looked in her eyes and smiled sweetly, \"There will benplenty of happiness in our lives, and you must believe this. And I realizenthe announcement of the baby seems to have been pushed aside due to thenevents of this evening, but believe me I haven't forgotten for one minutenthat are you are carrying my child.\" She corrected him, \"Our child, Leopold, I believe I was an integral part ofnhis or her conception, correct me if I am wrong. I am sure you will.\" Shensmiled. He smiled. \"Correction is noted. Our child.I do recall you had some partnin it, if ever so slightly\", he teased. She was glad to see he had lightened up and stroked the side of his facenlooking into his eyes, \"Come to bed with me, please.\" Leopold saw the pleading in her eyes, \"I would like to..\" he began tonrespond and Kate knew a but was coming. \"If you would like to what is stopping you?\" \"I have a lot on my mind, I told you I need some time. Please, Kate, givenme that right now.\" \"And what do you plan on doing? Sit here in the dark? Come to bed, I'llnleave you alone. You can lie awake in the dark in our bed, next to me.\" He took her face in his hands, \"I want to be alone right now. Maybe I willngo down the lab for a while. I don't know. I won't be long, I promise.\" Hengently kissed her. \"I want to go through this with you. I want to be there for you.\" She wasna bit frustrated. \"And you are there for me, more than you know.\" This time he kissed her,nit was more passionate and Kate did not want to let him go. He let go ofnher and picked up his jacket. \"You need to get some sleep. I guarantee younwill fall asleep the minute your head hits the pillow and you won't evennknow that I am gone.\" She headed for the bedroom door, and turned around, \"Believe me I willnknow. But you go, and do whatever you think you have to do. Just be therenwhen I wake up, I don't want any more surprises Leopold.\" \"No surprises, I promise.\" He then headed out the door and downstairs.nKate stood still for a few seconds. She knew she had to let him deal withnthis in his own way. She was just hoping this was the end. That theyncould move forward now, once he sorted things out. But the past was nownstanding in their way. Kate was extremely tired and let out a sigh. Atnleast now she didn't have to worry that something was going to happen tonhim every time he left her side. With Edgar gone, he was at least safenfrom physical harm; it was the mental harm that concerned her. Leopold was restless and as he walked down the stairs he contemplated whatnhe was going to do. He had told Kate he wanted to be alone but he wasn'tnsure that was what he wanted. He had so many questions. He had hoped tontalk to Otis. But as he looked at his pocket watch he realized it was muchnto late to disturb him. Then he thought of Jack. He was probably back fromnWestlake by now. So Leopold left the house and walked down to the stables. Janet had been relieved when Jack had returned. The image of Edgar's bodynfalling to the floor after the shot played over and over in her head. Andnshe was afraid to go to sleep because of the nightmares she might have.nJack had comforted her and they had made love and she had fallen asleep innhis arms, with a smile upon her face. He was glad that Edgar could nonlonger hurt her, and they could move on with their lives with the new babynand the new house. He was just about to drift off to sleep when he heardnmovement in the stables and then was startled to hear a quiet tap on thendoor. He didn't want Janet to be disturbed and he quickly pulled on hisntrousers and a shirt and went to the door to find Leopold standing there,n\"Leopold.\" Leopold looked around him to see Janet sleeping, \"You were asleep, I amnterribly sorry to disturb you. This matter can wait until morning.\" He wasnbeginning to walk away and Jack closed the door behind him and steppednoutside. \"Leopold, wait.\" When he turned he saw the desperation in Leopold's face. In need of anfriend. \"I doubt I would've been able to sleep anyhow, we can talk in the tacknroom.\" Leopold followed him and they sat at the small table, in the cornernwhere Jack kept records of all the horses' visits with vets, shoeing, etc.nHe moved the paper work aside and pulled out a couple of bottles of alenfrom behind some books and handed a bottle to Leopold. They were quiet for a while, Jack expected Leopold to start and he saidnnothing. \"Leopold, are you alright? You obviously have something on yournmind.\" \"Something would be a blessing, I could deal with that. But I am afraid mynmind is bogged down with numerous matters, and there is where I am findingnthe difficulty.\" \"It's been one hell of day.\" \"You can say that again. A day I could've made do without.\" \"But it's over, Leopold. You can move on now.\" He stood up and paced the floor, \"That is easy for you to say, Jack. Younwanted Edgar dead because of the all the suffering he put Janet through.nNow he is gone, you needn't worry about a thing. Your life will go own,nJanet will no longer be afraid every time she steps out the door. It is anrelief to you.\" \"And look at all the grief he has put you through, Leopold. Your debtsnwill now be cleared. You won't lose your family home. You will no longernhave to be concerned about losing your life at his hand.\" \"He was my brother for god's sake, Jack. I am supposed to be pleased thatnmy brother has been murdered?\" Leopold was clearly upset about this, andnJack had a hard time understanding why. \"You never knew him as a brother. How can you call him that?\" \"Because that is what he was. And if I would've known all those years ago,nmaybe things wouldn't have turned out this way.\" \"Do you really believe that the two of you would have had some wonderfulnidealic childhood together? Leopold, you are a dreamer. Edgar had a sicknwarped mind even as a child. He was evil to start out with. Your unclendid the right thing.\" Leopold was now furious. \"How can you say that? My uncle told me lies mynwhole life. He deceived me. The man who raised me, who I trusted and reliednon.\" \"You would not be the man you are today, if you would have been raisednalongside Edgar Spencer. Everything you are is because of what your familynhas done for you. Your uncle and aunt, Otis, the rest of the staff.\" \"And what of my parents murder? How can that be justified at all.nObviously I am who I am because of that dreadful occurrence as well.\" Jack didn't know what to say. \"It was bad enough to know about the accident and to have nightmares fornyears concerning ships and fire. But I got through that, believing it wasnan accident. Now I have to deal with the fact that it was not an accidentnthat Lord Spencer wanted Edgar to have everything and make my familynsuffer. I should have been on that ship with them. I should be dead.\" \"And thank god you are not. Leopold, it is a horrible tragedy. But itnhappened many years ago. You can't bring them back. It isn't your faultnyou survived. You need to move on. You have wonderful memories of yournparents. At least you have those. My mother died giving birth to me, Incould blame myself for that, the pain I caused my father those first fewnyears because I was a reminder of what he once had with her. Surely henwould have rather had her alive than to have had a son. But these thingsnhappen. You are not to blame for what happened to them. You could notnhave stopped them from going. It's time for you to move on. You have anbeautiful wife and a child on the way. Balinor is going to be the grandnhouse that it once was, with a master who is the finest, most honorable mannI have ever known. And whether he likes it or not, he is one hell of anDuke. Much grander than his father or grandfather. You have never carednmuch for the monarchy and being born into it, but you must see you are annew breed of monarchy and are allowing changes to occur. It's a start.nThere is hope for this country yet.\" Leopold stood back and looked at Jack, \"I don't deserve such compliments.\" \"Some people believe you do.\" Leopold was silent and sat back down in the chair, \"I am not acting muchnlike this Duke you described at this moment am I? Much more like a spoiltnchild.\" \"Well, we all have our moments. And you have every right to feel upsetnafter what transpired this evening.\" \"When you left Westlake, everything was under control, I take it.\" \"I wouldn't use that wording precisely. Edgar's body was taken to thenmortuary, Millicent to the doctor's until she can be moved to a hospital innLondon tomorrow and Lady Spencer was medicated and is spending the eveningnincarcerated until Dr. Townsend can write up papers for her to be committednto a proper institution.\" \"That was kind of you to offer your services.\" \"It was the least I could do. You know, Leopold, I was going to kill him.\" \"Yes, I am aware of that. As well, was Janet. I must say, it is lucky fornyou Millicent did the deed for you. She will have a much easier time atntrial than either one of you, that is if she survives.\" \"You are feeling responsible for her as well, aren't you?\" \"Jack if circumstances were different I would have been married to her, shenwould never have sunk so low. I threw her to Edgar, when I told her I wasnnot ready to commit.\" \"But circumstances aren't different. Stop playing the what if game,nbecause it will get you nowhere. Millicent made her own life, and shenchose to shoot Edgar. It has nothing to do with you.\" \"And what about the children?\" \"It was very honorable of you to take them in, but I am not so sure it wasnthe right decision.\" \"And what did you propose I do, leave them, so that they would be placed innsome kind of a foster home. They are my flesh and blood, my family.\" \"And related to the bastard who has caused your family such pain. Everyntime you look at them don't you see him?\" \"No, I do not. I see two innocent children who have lost one parent, ifnyou could even call him that and are very likely to lose their mother. Allnthey want is someone to care for them, someone who will love them. Andnthat is myself. I am not doing this out of obligation because it is thenhonorable thing to be done, even though I do believe it is. I happen toncare for both of them and I will not have them grow up as orphans with nonfamily whatsoever. They will be living in my house and I expect you andneveryone else who abides here treat them with the respect they bothndeserve.\" \"Why did you come here, Leopold? My opinion clearly has no bearing on anynof your decisions.\" \"I understand where you are coming from Jack. Edgar has caused Janet morenpain then anyone deserves, and any man in your position would feel the kindnof hatred you have of this man, but to take it out on his children isnabsurd. And I do respect your opinions. I came here tonight because younare a friend. You have always been honest and open; I know where I standnwith you. I value you that more than you will ever know.\" \"Then you must respect how I feel about Edgar's family at this time.\" \"I am also Edgar's family.\" Jack looked up at him, he had a point. Leopold knew he had stumped him. \"Inwill never see you in that light I am afraid. I know you will alwaysnwonder what it would have been like to have a brother, but Leopold, Edgarnwould never have been that brother you longed for.\" \"I know that.\" He took a swig of his ale. \"Ah, I forgot to tell you the Commander will be paying you a visit in thenmorning, to go over funeral arrangements.\" Leopold nearly choked on his ale, \"Funeral arrangements?\" \"Hey, remember you are Edgar's closest sane relative at the moment.\" \"That should be an enjoyable experience.\" He said sarcastically. Jack noticed Leopold had relaxed considerably, he felt in his pocket andnpulled out Kate's wallet, \"I have something that belongs to Kate.\" He handed it over to Leopold and Leopold was a little alarmed, \"Where didnyou find this?\" \"At Westlake, in fact very close to Edgar's dead body. I know how Katendoesn't let it out of her sight. It is the reason she went back there thisnafternoon.\" This was news to Leopold, \"I suppose you have had a look inside.\" \"Actually, I have not.\" Leopold held the wallet in his hand, turning it over, \"You are not curious,nwhat the big secret is?\" \"It is hardly of any importance to me, Leopold. I care for you and Kate,nnothing can change that. If there are things you must keep from others Inhave to respect that. There are somethings that are not my business.\" Leopold handed it back, \"Go ahead, look inside.\" \"I really have no desire to.\" \"I insist you do. It is better that you know but I cannot guarantee younwill understand.\" Leopold set the wallet down in front of Jack and Jack eyed it and thennLeopold. He picked it up and then slowly opened it and looked at thencontents thoroughly, a questioning look on his face. He then looked atnLeopold. \"You are right, I don't understand. The contents are definitelynlike nothing I have ever seen before.\" \"Would you believe me if I told you I had met Kate in the 21st century.\" Jack nervously laughed, \"Really, Leopold, you are pulling my leg.\" \"On the contrary, I am not. And I am also not crazy and Kate is notninvolved in the supernatural.\" Jack stood up and now he was pacing the floor, still looking at thencontents of the wallet. While Leopold continued to talk, \"The photo is ofnKate and her brother Charlie. He is an actor in New York City. And the NewnYork Drivers license. Although Kate did not own a car In New York.\" \"A car? What is a car?\" \"The things I could tell you, Jack. You would never believe me. I spent 5ndays in the future and it was truly amazing.\" \"I don't understand. How could you possibly have spent any time in thenfuture? It is impossible.\" \"I said that as well. But it happened. That wallet is proof, Kate isnproof.\" \"Does anyone else know about this?\" \"Do you really think I could have told anyone about this?\" \"Then why are you telling me? I think I was better off not knowing.\" \"Because you would have always wondered what we were keeping from you. AndnI trust you. After today's events I have concluded that laying all thencards out on the table, as they say, is what is important. No deceptions.\" Jack was still baffled by the contents. And even more baffled by whatnLeopold was telling him. But this was Leopold. Honest, open,nstraightforward. Jack had no reason to doubt him, but believing such annidea seemed insane. \"Like I said, grasping this whole concept and then understanding it, well,nunless you have experienced it, it is unfathomable. And tonight probablynisn't the best night for me to go into detail of how it happened. But Inwill, I have notes on it in my lab, and have been researching it morenintently. I would like to share my findings with you if you areninterested.\" \"Interested? How could I not be.\" Jack put his hand to his head, \"Edgarnhad her wallet didn't he? Oh, god, Leopold, talk about getting into thenwrong hands.\" \"He didn't know what to make of it whatsoever, but I have no doubt he wouldnhave turned it over to the authorities.\" There was a sound from outside the tack room and the door opened, Janetnstood there in a dressing gown rubbing her eyes, \"What is going on? Allnthis shouting and carrying on? Haven't both of you had enough for onenevening?\" Jack went over to her and put his arm around her, \"I am sorry, love,nLeopold and I were just talking.\" \"Talking? It sounded more like arguing. Which Leopold is good at.\" \"Janet!\" Jack scolded her. Leopold just smiled, \"I suppose I am quite proficient at it, living with mynuncle has given me a sparing partner for life.\" As he said this he thoughtnof Millard. He was angry with him but at the same time loved him dearly. \"So Uncle Leopold you now will have the opportunity to practice all of younown uncles tactics in raising your nephew and niece.\" \"It is highly unlikely I will use him as an example of raising children.\" Jack smiled, \"He hasn't done all that bad, Leopold. Surely you can seenthat. And now you are finding yourself in the same position he was in uponnyour parents' death. How overwhelming it must have been for him to takenyou under his wing so to speak and groom you to become a Duke. He had nonprior experience with children.\" \"You are on his side, Jack.\" \"Hey, he has been a bastard and made some wrong choices but he's only humannand he did do everything he could for you, just like you will do fornCharlotte and the baby. Do you think that the baby will grow up one daynand have the same bitter feelings for you as you have for your uncle?\" \"I will not make those bad choices.\" \"Aha, you say that, but you might. You do not know what the future holds.\"nAs Jack said that he smiled and thought of Kate, \"Well, at least you don'tnknow what the immediate future holds.\" Janet looked puzzled, \"What did you mean by that?\" \"No concern of yours, my darling.\" He kissed her forehead. \"But I can see the looks between you and Leopold, something is going on.\" \"Isn't always something going on here, Janet? This is Balinor remember. Incan't think of a time that there wasn't something going on.\" He was laughing at her, \"I am going back to bed, and if you know what isngood for you Jack Blackmore, you will do the same. Leopold can come backnat a reasonable hour in the future if he wants to discuss things with you\"nShe then turned to Leopold, \" and I would suggest that you might want tonspend some time with your wife, who is obviously concerned about you. AndnJack is right about your uncle. He made some bad choices but he is yournuncle and cares for you deeply, you should be able to forgive him. One daynyou might be in the same situation with Charlotte or Philip and I wouldnthink you would want forgiveness, but it is your decision, Leopold.\" Leopold looked at her seriously, \"He treated you badly as well.\" \"He sent me away when he thought I knew too much, he was protecting you. Inwould have done anything to protect you as well. I do not hold anythingnagainst him for sending me away. Everything that has happened has lead mento where I am right now.being with Jack. Don't forget Leopold, your unclenlead you to Kate. If you would not have gone to New York, you would nevernhave met Kate.\" Janet was right. Even though Millard had disapproved of her, he wouldnnever have been at the gala that night, never have followed Stuart andnfallen off the bridge if it wasn't for Millard. There was a stillness innthe room. Jack handed the wallet back to Leopold, and Leopold put it innhis pocket. They nodded at each other, an understanding between them.nJanet found it curious, Leopold spoke up, \"I won't detain you any longer.nWe are all exhausted from the evening's events and are in much need ofnsleep.\" Janet smiled, \"Sleep, who is thinking of sleep.?\" \"On that note, I will depart and see you both in the morning.\" He smilednand Jack and Janet walked him out, as he turned to head up towards thenhouse, \"Well, I believe I have a lot of issues I need to deal with. But asnalways, Jack, you have opened my eyes to things I might otherwise not havenseen.\" \"But Leopold, you would have seen them in due time, I am just a goodnsounding board. But I am glad to have been of some assistance.\" Janet wasnsnuggling up to him.n\"Are you two through yet? You are worse than 2 women gossiping, you nevernshut up.\"nJack raised his eyebrows at Leopold, \"Women!\" \"Ah, my sentiments exactly. Speaking of which, I have one I should getnback to.\"nJanet started pulling on Jack's arm, \"Then go, Leopold, please.Goodnight.\"nLeopold smiled as he headed back up to the house. The house was quiet and still as Leopold entered it. The events of thenevening had worn everyone out. He was surprised to find his uncle in hisnstudy, asleep on the couch. Leopold looked down at him. Recalling all thenlies he had been told and then placing them against the joyful times in hisnlife that his uncle had been responsible for. He found a blanket andngently placed it over him and his uncle stirred. His eyes slowly openednand he was surprised to find Leopold there, \"Leopold\" he began to sit up. \"You fell asleep, I was only trying to make you more comfortable, I realizenyou frown upon my presence in your study.but I was just passing by and..\" \"You are in no need of an explanation. Your presence is well received atnthis time and any time in the future.\" \"I am surprised. You have changed your tune considerably.\" Millard stillnsensed his bitterness and knew he had to tread lightly. \"Will you hear me out, Leopold? Will you allow me to explain my reasoningnbehind the wrongful decisions I have made?\" \"I am extremely tired, uncle.\" Leopold was not prepared for anconfrontation at this time.n\"I for one will not be able to sleep comfortably until this matter isnresolved between us.\"n\"Uncle, it is not that simple. It is 20 years of lies and deceit, it willnnot be resolved in one evening.\" \"I am fully aware of that fact, but it will put my mind at ease knowingnthat I have made some sort of effort in regaining your trust.\" \"Trust?\" he laughed. He paced the room and went to the book shelf,nfingering the spines, trying not to burst out in anger, which he was morenthan capable of. \"You have every reason never to trust me again. I have acted foolishly innthe matters that have been bestowed upon this family. When Lady Spencerncame to me with the information of Edgar's paternity, my brother and hisnwife, your parents had only been dead for 6 months. You were a veryndistraught child, having nightmares and hiding behind Otis or Nanny overnthe slightest disturbance. Your aunt and I were overly concerned upon yournwelfare. We had never been parents and all of a sudden we had a troubled 7nyears old, and we both knew that the situation would have to be dealt withndelicately in order for you to get through this difficult time. I chosennot to tell your aunt of Lady Spencer's blackmail. I felt the less shenknew the better. I could deal with the situation. I was very wrong indeed.nIt only got worse, I dug myself into a hole I could not get out of.\" Leopold turned around abruptly, \"I can understand why I wasn't told as anchild. But why did you continue to deceive me once I became an adult?nDidn't you ever think that I could possibly help get our family throughnthis?\" \"I toyed with the idea, but always found some reason to keep you and yournaunt from knowing the truth. And of course it became worse once Edgarnfound out. He was always dying to tell you. And Lady Spencer had her handsnfull keeping his mouth shut.\" Leopold took a deep breath, trying to control his anger, \"He was laughingnat me all along. How dare you keep this from me, Uncle. You had no right.\" \"I realize that now. But I cannot change the past, Leopold. I madenmistakes.\"n\"Many mistakes.\" He said sarcastically. \"Yes, Many mistakes. But one thing is certain, you have become a fine man,nwho I am incredibly proud of.\" \"Really, you could have fooled me. You find my choice of a bridenunsatisfactory, my inventions a waste of time and my choice of friendsnbelow me.\" \"I have grown to care for Kate, she isn't what I would have chosen for you,nbut she is a part of this family now and I know it has taken me sometime tonaccept your fascination with inventions but I believe I am finallynrealizing what they mean to you. And as far as your choice of friends, Infind Jack a remarkable young man who this family could not do without.\"n\"But not appropriate for a close friendship with the Duke.\" \"I am trying, Leopold. I am an old man and change is not an easy thing fornme. You have not been the easiest, most cooperative young man.alwaysnfighting your birthright, your title..argumentative, stubborn.\" \"Enough, I do get the picture, Uncle.\" \"And now you are finding yourself in my shoes.\" \"I don't know what you mean.\" \"You have taken upon the responsibility of Edgar's children.\" \"Which no doubt you do not approve of.\" \"I must admit I originally found it a hasty decision on your part, but as Inhave thought about it this evening, I realize it was an incredible graciousngesture. To take on the children of a man who wanted you dead, not many mennwould want anything to do with them under those circumstances.\" Leopold looked at him differently. He actually approved a decision he hadnmade. Which was surprising for Millard. \"Don't look at me so shocked. I am not such a tyrant that you make me outnto be. You are lead by your heart Leopold. And I am not sure where thatncomes from; I suppose your mother or possibly the servants had something tondo with it. I envy you in those respects. And this matter concerning thenchildren was from your heart. I have no doubt they will both look up tonyou and you will become the father they never had, unlike the relationshipnI have had with you. I was not the loving father figure you could havenbenefited from growing up, you relied on Otis for that close bond. I havenmade many mistakes, Leopold, and the biggest one was not being there fornyou.\" Leopold stood in silence, he thought he noticed a tear in his Uncle's eye,n\"but I did what I thought best for you. Every decision I ever made Inweighed heavily on its effect on you and your aunt. They may not have beennthe right choices, but I never meant to harm either one of you. I ask yournforgiveness, but I understand if you cannot give it. that is all I have tonsay.\" Millard stood up, \"I am exhausted and I will retire to my room now.\"n Leopold knew Millard turning away meant he was in actuality crying.nLeopold had never seen his uncle cry, and he knew that he had to make anmove. Millard was apologizing and Leopold had to follow his heart oncenagain. \"Uncle Millard, please wait.\" Millard was just about to head out the doornand he turned.nLeopold approached him and put his arms around him, he saw the tears in hisneyes and Leopold in turn felt tears in his own, \"You have been there fornme, Uncle, in your on way. I never questioned your love for me; I knew itnwas there all along. And maybe you were not the father figure I had longednfor, but I am the man I am today because you were in my life.\" They bothnhugged and began to cry. The next morning Kate was concerned that Leopold was not in bed. Where hadnhe been all night? She headed out to the hallway and was surprised to findnMargaret looking concerned as well. \"I take it by your expression,nKatherine, Leopold did not come to bed last evening.\"nKate couldn't understand how she knew this. \"Either has Millard. I just hope they haven't killed each other.\" Theynboth headed down the stairs and were surprised to find the staff membersnhovering around the dining room door, \"What in god's name is going onnhere?\" Margaret barked. Mrs. Collins stood back, and looked from one member of staff to another,nwho each in turn bowed their head. Kate could see there was to be no answer, \"Well, I am going to find out.\"nShe started towards the door and Mrs. Collins stopped her, \"I wouldn't gonin there ma'am. His grace and lordship are not themselves and have tossednus all out. It is none of my business, but they both seem to have had anconsiderable amount to drink.\" \"What could they possibly be doing in the dining room?\" Kate questioned,n\"I am going in.\"nKate walked in and it was silent. There was not a sign of either one ofnthem in the dining room. She turned around to look at Margaret who hadnfollowed her, and then back at Mrs. Collins. \"They'll be in the kitchen, ma'am and cook is beside herself with thendisruption they are causing in her schedule.\" Kate and Margaret headed into the kitchen and found a sight for sore eyes.nMillard was on the floor leaning against a cabinet, a bottle in hand andnflour covering him from head to foot, Leopold was at least standing, and asnalways immaculately presented, knife in hand, \"Ladies, is there something Incan do for you?\" \"Leopold, what is going on?\" \"I would think that was obvious, we are making breakfast. We haven'tneaten since lunchnyesterday.\" \"Cook could do that.\" \"We didn't want to bother her. We are doing just fine.\" Millard added. Kate laughed, \"I can see that.\" Margaret too sniggered behind her hand. \"You are not laughing at me are you darling?\" Millard asked. \"Of course not.\" She went over to him to help him up and he pulled herndown on top of him. Managing to cover her with flour, he held her close andnkissed her, something Margaret was not used to. It was long and passionate.nMillard was always so reserved. She was a bit taken a back, \"Millard.\" \"I don't believe I have kissed you like that since we were courting,nMaggie.oh, what a time that was.\" Leopold smiled at them both and Kate looked at him, \"What have you done tonMillard?\"n\"I find him rather pleasant, don't you? And look at them, Kate.\" Leopoldnput his arm around her and held her close, \"Look at the way he looks atnher..\" \"Much like the way you look at me.\" He looked down at her and smiled, \"Precisely, not a bad thing.\" \"And you have talked things through?\" \"I think we have come to an understanding, yes.I think you will see anchange in this household starting today..\" \"The staff thinks you have gone crazy.\" \"Well, I must admit, there is definitely an air of insanity about.but Inthink I am thinking pretty rationally at the moment. I have had a lot ofnclearing of the mind in the last 8 hours.\"nShe looked at him a bit concerned. \"Nothing to worry about, I assure you.\" He held her tight, \"I am happy,nKate.happy with the life I have and I have come to realize that I may notnhave had parents or siblings growing up, but I had the equivalent, possiblynmore suitable equivalents in actuality.Jack and Janet were like my brothernand sister, and I am as close to them today as when we were children.I havenalways been able to talk to Jack, and he has always been of greatnassistance when I have needed him. That is what having a brother is about;ncorrect me if I am wrong. Wasn't it like that with Charles for you?\" Kate sighed and thought of Charlie with fondness, \"He got on my nerves anlot of the time and he could be such a baby. I often felt I had to hold hisnhand, but we talked and he listened..he was always there for me during thengood and the bad.just like Jack for you.\"n\"And Otis, a friend, a confidant.a teacher.I could not have gotten throughnmy life without him..but I could also not have gotten through it without mynUncle. He kept me safe and gave me the kind of life he and my fathernhad.he loved me and still does, I cannot turn my back on my family.the onlynfamily I have ever really known.\" Kate looked up at him, \"And Edgar?\" \"A brother by blood, does not make a brother. I will make sure he is givenna proper burial, I will try and tell his children about him as they grownolder, something positive.there must be something positive..but I will notndwell on the fact that I never knew him. I knew him, I knew him as thencruel, vindictive man he was.he was not my brother. I cannot turn back thenclocks; I cannot bring my parents back. I must hold on to the memories Inhave of them and move forward, with the family I have now, you, thenbaby\".he gently caressed her stomach and smiled, \"my uncle and aunt,\" henlooked over at them, still sitting on the floor, Margaret trying to cleannthe flour off him, both laughing, \"Janet, Jack and Otis, Charlotte andnPhilip and Millicent and the staff. Here is where my loyalties lie.\" Kate smiled up at him, \"I don't think anyone ever doubted that, Leopold.\" \"Except for possibly myself.\" \"You are your own worse enemy.take some credit where credit is due, younhave done one hell of a job pulling this household together during times ofncrisis, and this time will be no different.\" \"Only because I have the love of a wonderful woman and the support fromnfine friends and family. You also need to take some of the credit, myndear.\" He squeezed her tightly and kissed her, Millard cleared his throat.n Leopold turned to look at him, \"What is it, Uncle Millard, can you not seenthat I am busy.\" \"Breakfast, my boy, I desperately need breakfast.\" Kate went to the cupboard and pulled out an apron, \"Breakfast.I think I amngoing to take over.\" Leopold turned to her, \"You find me not capable of scrapping up a bit ofnbreakfast, as you recall I was more than competent in New York on my own atnStuarts.\" Millard overheard some of this conversation, \"What are you on about,nLeopold?\" \"Nothing, uncle.\" He turned back to Kate; she smiled and passed him a bowlnand spoon. \"Okay, master chef, let's see you whip up some eggs. I'll take care of thentoast and bacon.\" \"Without a toaster, that wonderful 20th century invention?\" He saidnsarcastically, \"How will you manage, my dear?\" She took a dishtowel andngave him a swat on the behind. He smiled and got to work.. Margaretnfinally managed to get Millard up, and sat him at the table.. She proceedednto go and help Kate and Leopold. By this time the staff were hovering andnpeeking at the door, all in utter amazement of the goings on. Janet, whonhad been helping Sally, the wet nurse with the baby appeared and laughed atnthe sight of the 3 of them. Charlotte giggled, \"I want to help\" Before Janet could stop her, Charlotte had run into the kitchen and Leopoldngave her an eggbeater, he showed her how to use it, while he continued tonbreak eggs into the bowl. Jack had heard of the commotion and showed upnputting his arms around his wife, \"What the hell is going on?\" \"I have never seen anything like it. What did you say to him last night?\" Jack just smiled, \"I only wish I could take credit, this is explicitlynLeopold's doing.I think Balinor is going to experience many changes in thennext few months and years.\" \"Like what\" \"Only time will tell, my dear.\" Leopold turned to smile at them both, \"Come on you two, how about settingnthe table. We could use a hand. Let me see, there are at least 16 ofnus.Jack help me out.\" \"Right-O, Leopold, I am on it.\" He went to the cupboard and began to setnthe kitchen table where the servants normally ate, Janet opened the cutleryndrawer and got out enough silverware and began to help him. The kitchennwas now bustling, everyone doing their part.soon the staff's expressionsnhad changed from utter amazement to one's of enjoyment.they all pitched in.n Leopold stood back for a minute, and looked over his household. Hensmiled, he was content, this is how it would be from now on.it was time fornchange..the events of last night were still with him but they seemed lessnsignificant, all that was important was the people in this room, the joynthey were all experiencing.and that in itself gave him suchngratification.he snapped out of his daydream when Charlotte tugged on hisnshirt, \"Uncle Leopold, the eggs, they are burning.\" Leopold quickly began turning them, and Kate was eyeing him.\" so this isnyour idea of the meal being a result of reflection and study?\" she thennsmiled. And he gave her a look back and continued with his cooking.she stopped whatnshe was doing and slipped her hands around him from behind, \"I love you,nLeopold Mount batten.\" \"And I you, Kate Mountbatten.\" He turned slightly smiling, she thennreturned to her toast and bacon on the stove.she realized at that momentnthey could get through anything.it didn't matter if it was 1876 or the yearn2001.their love could withstand the good and the bad in any century.andnKate knew there would be many more hurdles and tests, but they had eachnother..which was all that really mattered.[Chapter 40] Otis stood in his master's bedroom packing clothes into the largentrunk. The following day the family would be taking the train to Liverpoolnand then crossing the Atlantic to New York, where Leopold was accepting annaward at a dinner for scientists. As he rummaged through the wardrobe henfound the waistcoat Leopold had worn the night he had announced hisnengagement to Kate and he smiled fondly remembering how happy Leopold wasnthat evening. The day Kate had entered his life.it had been 6 years nownsince the wedding and all the events of that year. Otis sometimes wonderednhow they had all gotten through some of those times but they had due tonLeopold's strong sense of family and the values he held dear to him. Manynchanges had occurred, that was for sure. As Otis continued his packing henreflected on the events that had transpired over the years.. Edgar had received the proper burial Leopold had promised, but not onnBalinor's property next to Leopold's mother and father, but at Westlakenbeside Lord Spencer. Leopold could never bring himself to have him buriednon his property. Leopold, Kate and Charlotte had attended the funeral andnthe country finally knew the truth. There was no scandal, Edgar'sncolleagues and cohorts didn't much care for him and were glad he was dead,nJocelyn was now committed to an insane asylum and Edgar Spencer was prettynmuch forgotten. Almost as though he had never existed. Millicent had a rough time. She was not expected to live and spentnthe next 6 months in the hospital. But on a visit from Leopold and hernchildren shortly after Xmas, she began to improve. Although her mentalnhealth was not as it should be. Murder charges were dropped because of hernmental state. Commander Burns could not bring himself to accuse thisndelicate creature of such a crime. Millicent spent the next 2 years in annursing home where Commander Burns became a frequent visitor, as well asnLeopold, Kate and the children. She knew Edgar was dead but she nevernremembered firing the pistol that killed him. She returned to Balinor withna private nurse in 1879, and Commander Burns was often a guest of thenMountbattens and showed quite an interest in the recovering Millicent. And then there had been the changes to Balinor itself.Kate andnMargaret had taken over the running of the estate, and Millard had become anman of leisure.he was often found painting or playing the piano.he took anninterest in Leopold's inventions and could be found on all fours carrying anMountbatten or Blackmore child throughout the halls neighing and carryingnon as if he was a horse. Kate thrived on looking after the estate.andnLeopold enjoyed watching her take such pride in their home. Being a mothernhad been much more difficult for her, she felt she didn't have the motherlyninstincts others had. Stuart Charles Philip Millard Otis Mountbatten hadnbeen born in the spring of 1877, and while Janet was being the perfectnmother to her Colin, who was only 10 days older, Kate could not relax innthis role that was supposed to come so naturally to women. Leopold feltnsome concern, but he had bonded immediately with the infant and made up fornKate's disinterest. Finding a nanny was next on the agenda.. Philip hadn'tnneeded a nanny, Janet and the other servants had tended to him, but nownwith another baby in the house a nanny was needed. This was not to be anneasy task, because Kate and Leopold could not agree on anyone. Leopoldnfelt no one was good enough and this frustrated Kate to no end. It wasnLeopold's idea to take on the soul caring for his son of course with helpnfrom the staff when needed, which Kate thought would last a few days.butnshe had no idea he would take this duty quite so serious and soon the staffnwere afraid to even make an attempt to help him, he was very particular innhis ways. He would be found in his lab with Stuart asleep on a blanket onnthe floor while he worked. He constructed what Kate called a playpen andnas Stuart began to crawl, he had both babies playing happily while hencontinued his research. He insisted on changing nappies and feeding them.nHe took them both for walks, and as they got older, he took them both outnon the horse, much to Kate's dismay. He would read them poetry and historynbooks, and sing and play music for them. Leopold was what Kate called Mr.nMom. The estate was soon brimming with the sound of little footsteps, Jacknand Janet had Hayley a year later and Jamie 2 years after that, but Katenhad no intentions of going through a 19th century pregnancy again. Leopoldncontinued his research; Kate took care of all business aspects of hisninventions. She often went to London with Maggie, who was now herncompanion since Janet was too busy being a mother; she dealt withnsolicitors and patent lawyers, and arranged for Leopold to speak atnmeetings and events.which he despised. He was content at Balinor with thenchildren, and wished Kate could feel the same. When Kate had arranged fornhim to go to New York because they would be constructing his elevator therenfor the first time.Leopold put his foot down and refused. He would go onlynif Kate agreed to give him another a child. Otis remembered the tension in the house during this time. Kate wasnadamant she would never have another a child. Stuart was happy and healthynand he had Philip, Colin and Hayley to play with. But Leopold didn't wantnStuart to be the lonely child he had been and he was determined there wouldnbe a brother or sister. After weeks of them not speaking to one another,nLeopold apologized by taking Kate to the coast for a few days.nonchildren.but Kate knew he still was set on having his way.but after 3nglorious days together, Kate gave in and 9 months later Emily VictorianMountbatten made her way into the world, not at all like her much morenpeaceful brother, she cried more than any baby Leopold had ever comenacross, Kate found it amusing to watch Leopold cope with the crying infant,nhe was often found asleep with Emily in his arms in the lab or in thennursery. These moments Kate cherished. He was too good to be true, anynother man would haven thrown in the towel long ago.. Otis closed another trunk and was interrupted by Charlotte, \"He isn'tnhere, Otis? Aunt Kate said he would be in here packing. I must speak tonhim.\" Otis smiled at her. She was no longer the child that had beennbrought to Balinor. At 15 she was a young woman, a striking beauty, muchnlike her mother had once been. And she kept Leopold on his toes. \"And whonis him, Miss Charlotte?\" She knew he was teasing.. \"Why Uncle Leopold of course? I must tellnhim I am not going to New York and he cannot make me. Doesn't he see Inmust stay here with Mama, Commander Burns could take advantage of her andnthat would be just horrible? I am sure Uncle Leopold would see that Mamanneeds me here to protect her.\" Otis smiled, \"From Commander Burns?\" \"Of course. He is after Mama's money.\" Otis tried not to laugh, \"Your uncle is in the laboratory with MissnEmily, do be quiet, he has finally gotten her to sleep, and you know whatnyour cousin is like when disturbed from her naps.\" \"Thank you Otis, I do promise not to cause a ruckus.\" She skippednout of the roomn.n Otis shook his head, Charlotte was not the same little girl who hadnbeen content riding horses with her Uncle or using her brother and cousinnas dress up dolls.she was now interested in boys. One in particular,nJack's helper Gareth. The same boy she had had a crush on so long ago.nHis family had fallen into bad times and Leopold had realized Jack needednsome help, so he was hired 3 years ago. He was now 16 and where once theynhad been friends, it was quite obvious the boy was interested in much morenthan that now. He was sure her wanting to stay behind was all about himnand not her mother at all. Charlotte noticed Leopold's lab door was slightly ajar and shenquietly peeked her head in, he was sitting at this desk and he heldnsleeping Emily in his arms, while he tried to pack a satchel full of notesnand various paper works, while not disturbing her. At 18 months old shenstill was a horrible sleeper and often Leopold found he could not put herndown once she fell asleep or she would scream. So he would carry her aboutnwith him, he was getting so used to not having any feeling in his left armnwhatsoever. \"Uncle Leopold.\" Charlotte whispered, and he looked up. \"Charlotte, do come in,\" he said in a quiet voice, She stood in front of him looking down at her feet. \"I take It you have something on your mind.\" He still had a hardntime thinking of her as a young woman. And Kate was always on at him thatnit was time to let her grow up a bit. But that worried him. He had onlynto think of Janet and what had become of her at 15, and he was determinednto keep his niece safe. Charlotte figured this was as good as time as any, if he was preoccupiednwith Emily andnHe wouldn't want her to wake up there was no way he would be able to raisenhis voice and get cross, \"I just wanted to say that I am not going to NewnYork with you. Mama needs me here. \"nBefore he could answer she started to turn for the door. \"What just one minute, young lady.\" He carefully stood up and tooknEmily over to the playpen, gently laying her down. She stirred a bit butnshe settled and Leopold headed for the door. Charlotte slowly turnednaround. \"I know what you are going to say, Uncle Leopold. But I am not anchild anymore and I can really be of assistance to the nurse with Mama, andnwho is going to keep an eye on Commander Burns and his advances? Younsurely must be aware he is only interested in her money. I cannot evennbelieve you would think of leaving her, knowing what he is after.\" Shenraised her voice and Leopold turned to look at Emily who was starting tonstir. \"Commander Burns...after your mother's money...really, Charlotte,nlet's be honest here. Your real concern is leaving Gareth behind.\" \"My mother is my first concern.\" She said angrily. \"You mother wants you to accompany the family to New York. You willnabide by her wishes.\" \"The family? Aren't you forgetting my mother is my family, you arenonly my uncle?\" This was a new tactic of hers, throwing the fact out that he was notnher father, whenever she was upset, Leopold remained calm, \"And you knownfully well your mother is not capable of traveling at this time. It makesnher very nervous. She believes New York will provide a unique opportunitynfor you and your brother.\" \"But she will miss us. How will she bare it without us.\" \"You are being melodramatic, it will only be for a few short months.\" \"I am not going.\" She shouted and thus in turn woke up Emily whonbegan to cry. Leopold shook his head and went to her picking her up; shenburied her head into his shirt and rubbed her eyes. \"You are going and that is the end of that.\" \"Uncle Leopold, you are being unreasonable. Gareth will find someonenelse and then what will I do? Do you want my heart to be broken?\" \"You are 15 years old with a whole life ahead of you, I don't likenyou becoming so serious about this young man. You are too young.\" \"My mother met you when she was 16.and she knew you were the one.\" \"But I wasn't the one, Charlotte. She was too young to know what shenreally wanted.\" \"She only wanted you and if you would have married her, then shenwouldn't be sick now. This is all your fault.\" \"You are twisting this for your own benefit. You will go to yournroom and help Lily pack your things this instant.\" Kate had appeared at the door and was listening. \"And what if Inrefuse?\" Charlotte said defiantly.n \"Then I will have no problem taking you over my knee and treating younlike the child you are behaving like at this moment.\" She stomped her foot, \"I hate you. I really do.\" And she ran out ofnthe room past Kate and upstairs. Kate smiled, \"Well, you scored points there didn't you? Very nicelynhandled.\" She said sarcastically. Leopold gave her a look of disgust and began to rock back and forthnwith Emily, \"You go talk to her then, such an expert on child rearing asnyourself.\" \"Okay, I deserved that. But Leopold she is a teenager and she isngoing through all these emotions, surely you must remember being 15, andnwhat it was like to be in love for the first time.\" \"Have you noticed the way that boy looks at her?\" \"Probably like the way you looked at her mother. And you were angentleman. Give him the benefit of the doubt. He does really like her.\" \"I suppose you think I should allow her to stay.\" \"No, I didn't say that. I think New York will be good for her; shenneeds to see there are other fish in the sea. But you could be a littlenmore understanding. It won't be long you will have Emily in the samenshoes. You will be devastated if Emily turned on you saying she hated you.\" \"I will not allow any boys near my daughter until she is at leastn25.\" He smiled and tickled Emily's chin, she giggled, \"Who's my girl?\" Emily pointed to herself, \"papa's girl.\" Kate moved closer to them, and smiled. \"And is mama, papa's girl?\" Emily shook her head, \"NO.\" then pointed to herself, \"Me.papa'sngirl.\" Leopold couldn't help but smile and Kate just smirked, \"You arenenjoying this aren't you. I know you, Leopold; you put her up to this.\" \"I did nothing of the sort. I can't help it if I have a way with thenladies of this house.\" He leaned towards her and kissed her, Emily began tonpush her away, \"No, No, No.\" Emily's favorite word. \"Kiss me.\" \"She is just like you Leopold, always demanding, getting her way.\"nKate teased. All of a sudden Otis burst into the room, \"I am sorry to intrude,nyour grace, but there seems to be a small disturbance out on the frontndrive, I noticed it from your window.\" Leopold looked slightly alarmed, \"What kind of disturbance?\" \"Master Stuart and Master Philip.I am afraid they are having anfight.\" This surprised Leopold, neither boy was known to be violent in anynway. Kate, Leopold with Emily and Otis rushed out the house and down thenfront stairs where Stuart was found sitting on top of his cousin andnpunching him. Philip was trying hard to protect himself, but to not muchnavail. Stuart was the stronger of the two and bigger, even though he was 7nmonths younger. Hayley stood crying near them. Leopold set Emily downnnext to her and proceeded to pull his kicking and hitting son off hisncousin. Kate immediately went to Philip who sat up and wiped at his nose, he wasntrying desperately not to cry. Coming from the stables, where obviouslynColin had run to get Jack... came Jack, Colin, Janet and Jamie. Philip'snnose was bleeding and Kate dabbed at it with a handkerchief. Leopold managed to get Stuart settled, \"What is this all about, you two?\" They both began babbling at once and Leopold put up his hand, \"Stuart.\" Henturned to his son. \"He called me crazy, Papa, he said I belonged in an insane asylum like hisngrandmamma, and they should lock me up and throw away the key.\" \"He is crazy\", Philip added, \"Uncle Leopold, he makes up all these storiesnand believes them and you have always told us, we should tell the truth.nIt's a horrible thing to lie.\" \"What kind of stories are you telling, Stuart?\" \"They are not stories. They are the truth! I don't lie.\" \"Stuart, this is serious. You know how I feel about lying and fighting onntop of that. Look at Philip; you have given him a bloody nose. Tell himnyou are sorry.\" \"I won't. Not until he says I am not crazy.\" Leopold looked at Philip and he crossed his arms defiantly and turned hisnhead away. Kate looked over at her son, the same stubborn temperament as Leopold, thensame look when he was upset, \"Stuart, why does Philip think you are crazy?\"nshe asked. \"He doesn't believe me about the bridge and seeing Uncle Charlie.I told himnwhen we got to New York, that's how we can see Uncle Charlie, by jumpingnoff the bridge.\" Kate immediately glared at Leopold and Leopold gave the same look back tonher. Both believing the other was the one who told him about it. Kate helped Philip up and paced back and forth a bit, all eyes were onnthem...Otis, Janet, Jack and the children.by this time Charlotte had heardnthe commotion and stood behind Otis, very curious about her cousin'snrantings. And Millard and Margaret had also come out of the house whennthey heard the commotion. Leopold was silent, Philip looked at him waiting for a response, but therenwas none. Stuart was frantic, \"Tell him Papa, how you fell off the bridge and that'snhow you met Mummy in another time, and then you both jumped off it to comenback here. Tell him I am not crazy.\" Emily giggled and jumped up and down, \"Papa Jump, Mama jump, me jump too.\" Leopold put his head in his hands, knowing he would have to come up withnsome explanation without Stuart made to look like a fool, but the questionnwas what. He looked at Kate, \"Kate, I think it's only fitting that youngive us an explanation of the bridge and visiting Uncle Charlie...\" She couldn't believe it, \"Me? This is your doing Leopold, you sort it out.n I have to finish my packing.\" \"My doing? There you are mistaken.surely this story is one you made up tonmake our courtship sound a bit more exciting, a bit more adventurous...\" Stuart stood up...\"Mummy didn't tell me.I saw the drawings in yournlaboratory, I saw the journals you have been working on.\" Leopold looked at him dumbfounded. At 5 Stuart was bright, but Leopold hadna hard time believing he would be able to make heads or tails of the dozensnof journals Leopold had filled with theories and research on the timenportals. Leopold took Stuart by the shoulders, \"You can't possiblynunderstand my research, Stuart...\" \"Not all of it, but I look at the drawings and I understand that the holenis going to open up again. I am right, aren't I, papa? I don't know how Inknow, but I do.and I want to take Mummy to see Uncle Charlie. That's thenonly thing I want to do in New York. And I don't want him to go...\" henpointed at Philip. Kate turned and looked at her son in disbelief.thisncouldn't be...the portal opening up at the same time they would be in NewnYork.Charlie.she thought about him so often. In fact all of her bedtimenstories to Stuart had been about Charlie. She couldn't help but smile,nthis obviously meant something. Leopold saw that look in her eyes, anlonging she had to go back to her own time.he got up and went over to hernputting his arms around her, there was nothing said between them. But shenheld on to him tightly. He knew what she was thinking. He hadndeliberately not told her about the portal and his findings because he knewnit would bring back so many memories and feelings, especially since theirntrip to New York was coinciding with the possibility of the portal opening.n Now Pandora's box was open, and the possibilities.well, as always, Leopoldnnow knew to expect the unexpected.he looked down at his children and hisnnephew, still their eyes were on him, looking for answers.Charlotte stillncross with him glared, Jack and Janet curious with how Leopold would handlenthis, Otis, Millard and Margaret looked concerned.Leopold smiled andnsighed.who knew what the future held at this point.but one thing was fornsure, this trip he had been dreading now looked much more enticing andnexciting and although he loved the peacefulness of the countryside and hisnhome, he wasn't one to turn down an adventure of this magnitude. As henlooked at his son, something connected without a word.Stuart smiled at himnand then turned to Philip. \"I am truly sorry, Philip and I promise it won't happen again.\" Philip looked at him dumbfounded, his mouth open. Stuart went to Leopoldnand he took hold of his hand, \"Can I help you finish your packing in thenlaboratory, Papa?\" Emily raced over to them, tugging on Leopold's trousers. He picked her up,n\"NO, me...me, Papa.\" \"You both can help. Come on, we have a lot to do before we set out fornLiverpool in the morning.\" Kate and Leopold walked back up to the house,nhis arm around her, Stuart skipping ahead of them. Emily in his arms.nLeopold couldn't remember ever feeling as content as of this moment. The others stood watching them head to the house, looking at one another,nnot understanding any of it. Philip looked over at Colin, and the two boysnsmiled at one another, \"It's true.\" Philip said to him. Charlotte rolled her eyes, \"You are more of a baby then I realized Philip,nif you believe that story. Uncle Leopold obviously made it up, he loves angood fairy tale.\" \"He didn't make it up, I know him better than you.and I am going to findnout about it right now, come on, Colin.\" They both ran up the drive trying to catch up, Janet tried to stop them.nAnd Jack stopped her, then Hayley not wanting to be left out scooted alongnafter them. Charlotte looked at the adults, who seemed not that concernednwith the events of the afternoon. Margaret and Millard walked hand in handnback up to the house, and Jack and Janet took Jamie back to the stables.nShe was left standing with Otis. \"Do you believe that story, Otis?\" \"Your uncle is not one to fabricate stories, miss.\" \"You can't possibly believe that?\" \"Well, there is only one way to find out, Miss.\" \"Jump off the Brooklyn Bridge? Like Stuart suggested? I think this wholenfamily is crazy and it's rubbing off on you.\" She stormed off after them,nOtis smiled and followed. As they headed into the house, Kate turned to him, \"Leopold, what does thisnall mean?\" \"I don't know, but let's just take it one day at a time. There are nonpromises and I wouldn't want you to have false hope.\" \"I am happy here with you, I don't want you to ever doubt that.\" \"I have never doubted it for a second, my dear.but, you lived another lifenand I can never expect you to forget that life or the people in it. Thisntrip is going to be quite like no other I am for certain of that.travelingnwith 4 children alone is going to be an adventure in itself...I am preparednto expect the unexpected, and I suggest you open your mind and do the same,notherwise it will drive you mad.\" He smiled. \"You drive me mad!\" He kissed her cheek, \"Well, that has always been my intention.\" She gavenhim a little pinch on the rear and he smiled. Philip and Colin ran pastnthem into the house hot on Stuart's tail. Then Hayley followed runningninto Leopold, he looked down at her and smiled and shyly looked down, shenhad always been shy around him. She then darted past him. Leopold wasnsurprised to see Charlotte behind him. Her arms crossed over her chest, \"I don't believe any of it. it's a fairy tale you made up for thenchildren.\" \"Suit yourself, Charlotte.\" He said nonchalantly. \"Jumping off a bridge, how absolutely ludicrous. How do you expect me tonbelieve that?\" \"Of course I don't. But the bridge is within walking distance of UnclenMillard's townhouse in New York, so you will be able to see for yourself.\" She looked at him, he sounded like he believed it.and something inside hernmade her feel he was telling the truth. But she couldn't. He just smilednand they joined the children in the laboratory where Stuart was showing thenothers the drawings Leopold had made of the bridge, Leopold headed overntowards them and tried explaining it the only way he knew how. Theynlistened and looked at him in awe, Kate smiled and began packing a fewnbooks into the remaining boxes. She watched Charlotte watch her uncle innamazement and knew she wanted to believe but felt to grown up. Kate put annarm around her, \"You are never to old to stop believing in fairy tales,nCharlotte. I once stopped believing and it was the biggest mistake in mynlife.\" \"Uncle Leopold made you believe again, didn't he?\" She nodded and handed her some books to pack. Charlotte looked at hernuncle and then back to Kate, \"As always it looks like I will be left to donall the packing.it doesn't look like he will be able to pry himself awaynfrom the children for at least another hour.\" Charlotte had always known there was something special between them, butnhad never been able to put a finger on it. She had always liked Kate'snhonesty and openness. She immediately began to help her pack. Kate wasnglad of the help, Leopold had packed up nearly his whole laboratory fornthis journey.she stopped a minute and looked over at her husband, he hadnstopped and looked at her at the same time. He was in his element,nsurrounded by children, talking about his discoveries. no, this was goingnto be much more than a journey. Kate could see that now. This was goingnto be an adventure. THE END \" ","Summary":" All characters in this fan fiction are the property of Miramax….this is allnin good fun and I hope "}]