[{"Movie":"A Man Apart","Title":"broken","Author":"Undaunted king","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12139947","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Young boy only wanting one thing, to find love with out any strings.. Requesting or hoping for the impossible, you can see he has big dreams..so naive,desperate to find this impossible yet to him possible thing, he runs away from home hoping to find his queen yet he's only a teen.. What does this mean? Too stupid too ignorant to give up and realize something like this doesn't happen in day.. But he's young, determined forcing himself to believe,love is easy if u only believe..his parents weren't pleased nor could they put his mind at ease..the mother being so worried asked for help,telling the therapist that her son is crazy.. The young boy interrupted saying mama please, im not crazy this is me my heart is free I jus want love. let me be.. For years the boy dealt with cold hearted women with vicious tongues that cut so deep.. One day when he was in college at age 23.. The boy was finally convinced love wasn't real. He grabbed a piece of steel stuck it in his chest nows he's at rest.. This is young boy in distress... ","Summary":" Young boy only wanting one thing, to find love with out any strings.. Requesting or hoping for the "},{"Movie":"A Man Apart","Title":"Zero to sixty","Author":"Lucas K","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5528972","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue: The atmosphere in the arena was tense, and with every passing moment grew more so. The very smell was slightly staler than that of only two minutes ago. After about an hour and a half long press conference, the six-foot tall 186-pound man standing in the middle of the field was shaking off the stiffness from his tense muscles. Nervous would be an understatement for the sandy color haired, slightly tanned person all eyes were now watching and waiting on. An i-pod strapped to his arm and headphones blasting music helped clear his mind and put him in the zone. His thoughts were all but wiped away as he nodded and stretched to the beat of the bass heavy krump music he used to warm up. His adrenaline was starting to increase his heart rate to a slightly elevated level, and he stretched for about two and a half songs worth of time before giving a slight nod to the podium off of the right side of the track, indicating he was ready. It seemed odd that all this Olympic worthy coverage and equipment would be used by but a single man today. The spongy material, red in color and textured as artificial asphalt, that made up the track laid out especially for him was lined with a plethora of officials with stopwatches and radar guns. Jostling for position as close as possible to all of them were the members of the media and press, snapping photos and attempting to cover every possible second of this monumental event from every imaginable angle. There was scarcely room to fit a Gatorade cooler on a field that was occupied with two of professional football's most popular teams, barely moments ago. ' All this for me,' he thought. 'I still don't think I'm anyone special, and have yet to do anything with this gift except run fast. No one can explain what it is that makes me so different, and I honestly still don't feel or see why it's such a big deal… yet here we are, and here I stand. But why?' Before he could go any further with his own mental inquiries the announcer had his microphone in hand and gave the crowd notice that their newfound hero was ready and would be starting shortly. 77,000 people crammed in Lincoln Financial Field erupted with the sounds of excitement, support and jubilation at the master of ceremonies' words. Halftime at an Eagles' game was, usually met with a cheerleader routine or a pop Warner football exhibition between two local teams lucky enough to be picked by the franchise to come and play on the field for the fans. This week though, there was an event that would supersede the National League championship game itself. Meaning that even though the Eagles were in contention for the Superbowl this year, most of the people here in the stadium came primarily to see this event that was about to unfold. All eyes from both the upper-levels, the sidelines, the Jumbotron, the booths, VIP sections, and both teams (who stayed on the field), as well as the millions upon millions around the nation and world watching from television sets turned to the coverage of this event, were now transfixed on the single individual about to set foot on the one-time use red track. He had done spectacles of this magnitude only three times prior, and immediately following the end of each event he fell into a coma that lasted anywhere from two days to a week. There were only vague answers to the universal question of why this outcome was so, but of those broad explanations the medical experts whom speculated on it, all agreed that at the very least, any further attempts to break his personal record would push the human body past its ultimate physical limitation and possibly destroy his musculature and (according to some) his central nervous system. Also, having fallen into repeated comas, should he slip into another one, it may very well leave him in a permanently vegetated state. Or so he was told… Yet, the fact that he even continued to stand was a very defiance to the logic that those same experts held fast to a firm belief in. The only reason the risks took place at all was the very miracle that it even transpired in the first place. Breaking world speed records held only by a few wild animals, let alone the very fastest of olympians, is a feat no other in the world can have ever claimed. Yet, as a 24 year old man with no competitive running experience, nor any exceptional athletic merits except for having gone through basic training for the Army, this man was about hold claim to those very feats in a matter of moments. He picked the lane he would start at, lane 3, and began to pace as he removed his warm-up jacket and sweat pants. He chose this lane because it was not so far inside that the turn would be more difficult, but not so far outside that he would be turning forever by comparison. Just right for him. About one and a half laps should bring him up to the projected and desired speed that everyone watching was looking for. Though before he even finished that distance he would be at a speed reserved for only animals found on the plains of Africa. Stakes in place, he took a few deep breaths and closed his eyes putting him in a near Zen-like mode of thoughtless action and concentration. Slowly, the crowd was silenced in his mind, no longer there to distract him. Only the beating of his heart, and sound of his breath were heard by him any more. Knowing almost instinctively he was being told to get ready, he lowered himself slowly and placed his hands on the track out in front of him. Moving deliberately he placed his track cleats, one foot at a time, in their respective offset stakes, flexing his muscles and loosening his joints one last time as he did so, and braced himself. One heartbeat… sweat was starting to build on his brow and around his body. Second heartbeat… he tightened his fingertip grip on the ground and started tensing the rest of his body. Third heartbeat… the order \"Get Set!\" was called out from what seemed like thousands of miles away to him. Thump-thump……..thump-thump……..thump-thump, he waited; eyes closed until a millisecond before the starting pistol was fired and the crack of the blank round reached his ears. With all his might he pushed off with both feet, leaning forward, pumping his muscular arms and legs, and set off to make the history of mankind and humanity change forever… ","Summary":" Prologue: The atmosphere in the arena was tense, and with every passing moment grew more so. The ve"},{"Movie":"A Man Apart","Title":"Toro Loco","Author":"A Pisces Alone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11501131","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I learned a lot of things the day I died. You would have learned things, too. About me. When a young, hot-shit guy like me is found shot to death in a remote airstrip hangar next to his private jet after being linked to a Mexican drug cartel, it's not hard to connect the dots. When I told you I was a pharmaceutical sales rep, I was being as honest as I could be; I figured you didn't need the details. You didn't, did you? Maybe by now someone has told you my real name - probably the cops. I wonder if they shared with you any of my aliases - Hollywood Jack was only one of them. South of the border, they called me Toro Loco - Crazy Bull. That was the one I liked. As a white American man in Tijuana, I was a head taller than just about everyone, and since my hair sticks up everywhere like horns, it's easy to see where the \"bull\" came from. Crazy? Who knows. I'm the steadiest motherfucker you'd ever meet. At least, I was, until I got in over my head with this. But when I began accumulating badass names, I couldn't help wanting to live up to them. It's a funny thing, realizing you're in something too deep, especially once you can't get out - the situation starts to gain its own momentum, and there's a certain point when you abandon any hope of controlling it. And oddly, that's the very same moment when you heave a distinct inner sigh of relief, because whatever happens... happens. It's out of your hands. Or at least it seems that way. And you find that you can do and will do things you never thought you'd do in your life. It's liberating and terrifying all at the same time. That was what I learned the moment I shot Garza in the head while he was leaning into his fridge, looking for that second cerveza: I'd stopped seeing him as an associate, a person I liked. A primitive logic had taken over. Garza was nothing more than an annoying threat, and I pulled the trigger as easily as I would have hit the channel changer button on my TV remote. Gone. He crumpled forward, one of his legs kicked slightly - kind of a shiver, really - because the part of his brain that wasn't spattered over the bottle of French's mustard in his fridge was receiving a message that said, Whoops, something's wrong - run away! It didn't feel like I had just killed a man; It didn't even feel like I was in the room. If I'd had time think about it, I might have had some concerns about myself, but self-reflection was a luxury even I couldn't afford. Here's the part I know you'll have the most trouble with: I was having too much fun to want any of it to stop. That momentum I mentioned? It's exhilarating beyond belief. The more dangerous things became, the happier I was. I had everything a man could want - fast cars, classic cars, my own jet, access to the best mood enhancers in the western hemisphere, plenty of friendly female company whenever I wanted it. If any guy tells you it's not their dream to live a life like that, they're fucking lying. But I had more than that, even. I had you. There's a sort of karmic balance in the world, even though it doesn't seem like it. People in Haiti are chowing on mud cookies for dinner while some wealthy fuckface in Beverly Hills blows ten grand on bluefin sushi balls for his spoiled daughter's kindergarten graduation. I was one of those fuckfaces, flinging my ill-gotten cashola toward whatever toy caught my eye, and it didn't matter how much I spent, because the money was rolling in faster than I could throw it away. Between all the cliched blowjobs in Porsches, coke inhaled off fake tits, and drunken threesomes, everything began to gather a sense of weight. I had too much . That was the impending karma, though I didn't know it at the time - I only had a sense of wonderment at what I was pulling off, like the happy jackass in the casino who's feverishly smacking the max bet button on the slot machine as it racks up an obscenely improbable jackpot. Sooner or later things take a bad turn, and you have to know when to cash out. I was the guy who kept pressing his luck, because - like any idiot gambler - I thought I could beat the system, even though by then I was putting up my life for the thrill. When circumstance handed me a woman like you, that was the karmic tipping point. That was when the universe noticed me and marked me for a change of fortune, like an unforgiving casino pit boss: Cut that sonofabitch off . Do you remember once when we were laying in bed after sex and you asked me what my favorite smell was? I thought about it for a second, took a drag off my smoke, and said, \"Hot asphalt. Right when it starts to rain. That smell.\" You asked me what I liked about it - you always did like details and reasons for things - and I had to think of how to explain. That steamy, sensual smell - almost like the scent of blood - when the rain first strikes scorching hot pavement. I'd always found it exciting, yet disturbing somehow, like a doorbell ringing in the middle of the night. I've loved it as long as I can remember. You looked disappointed at my answer; I was probably supposed to say that my favorite smell was Christmas trees or mom's sugar cookies or that ubiquitous \"new car smell\". Eventually, you laughed and said that I was good-looking enough to get away with a response like that. We had another session on the sweaty sheets, slow and breathless, and I never stopped to wonder why that hot-wet-asphalt smell always seemed so compelling to me, so fucking significant. Some people believe that all the answers to everything you ever wanted to know about your life are right in front of you all along, scattered through your experiences and perceptions like an impossibly complex scavenger hunt. It's true, as it turns out. You've already been told how you'll die a few thousand times but most likely you never heard it for what it was. It's a sibilant whisper, not a scream. Which brings me back to the day of my death. The first important thing I learned that day is that I can take an asskicking with the best of them. And it was a shame, because the day had been a good one up to that point. My mood was in the stratosphere, it was beautiful fucking afteroon in that desert where I landed my jet, and I couldn't wait to make the deal. At that point, my life couldn't have gotten any better. But, like an overvalued, trendy stock, it was overdue for a severe correction, and when it came, it happened fast - as fast as the back doors of that semi truck swung open to reveal the two cops waiting inside. How many times that psychotic Johnny Law struck me in the face or the head, I have no idea. Sure, I might have been a little bit of a smart-ass to provoke him, but If I had a guess, he wasn't merely motivated by gaining my cooperation - he was also taking out some personal frustrations that had nothing to do with me. It's fairly obvious when someone loses it and emotions have taken over. Worst part of it wasn't being kicked in the stomach more than once - although that hurt worse than I would have expected - or getting hammered in the head until I couldn't see straight. The worst was the moment when I realized that I was crying. I didn't cry because I'm a pussy, but because it was such an unfair fucking fight. Do I think I could have bested Psycho Cop in a one-on-one street fight? Probably not, but I would have preferred the chance to at least try, intead of being beaten into the desert sand while another cop stood over me with a gun. And with every blow that split my skin or rattled my bones, it was being pounded into me that my life as I had loved it was over, one way or another. I was going to lose it all - including you - and probably my life, too. Who wouldn't cry, under those circumstances? Realizing I was doing that in front of two other guys was so fucking humiliating - might as well have pissed my pants in their presence - that it made me cry even worse. At least I didn't have to live with the indignity for long. When this all comes out, it will probably be said that I \"cooperated with authorities\" or some such thing. That wasn't how it was for me. I did pilot my jet to the airstrip with the cops aboard as they instructed, but it wasn't because I was going along with their plan, which was all but guaranteed to get me killed. I was only trying to buy myself some time. Clinging to the idea that there was a way out of the entire mess was better than accepting the inevitable. But I did consider - more than once - nosediving the plane straight into terra firma to get everything over with. Yet, I couldn't do it. Still felt like there was hope, somehow. One of the last things I discovered about myself that night was how poorly I hide fear. Terrible lesson to learn at the worst possible time, because my very slim chance of survival depended upon my acting as if nothing was wrong. I'd been coached by one of my cop captors to \"keep that personality thing going,\" when we arrived. And maybe I could have even pulled it off, if I hadn't looked like I'd just been in the octagon with a top-ranked MMA fighter. My battered appearance was bound to raise immediate, shrieking red flags to the cartel, and I didn't have any plausible way to explain any of it. I was fucked, and I knew it. When I stepped out of the plane and down onto that first step to say \"Que pasa\" to the armed group that was waiting in the hangar, I came close to blacking out for a moment. My head still spun from the beating, I was nauseous from terror. Desert sand lingered in my mouth and throat, and I wanted a drink of water more than I had ever wanted anything. Right away, they wanted to know what was up with my bruised face, and I tried to make a joke of it: \"Turbulencia.\" No one thought it was funny, and of course it wasn't, because my chances of living another five minutes had just dropped significantly, but it was the only excuse I could think to make. Then of course, they wanted an explanation for the delay of my arrival. My time was nearly up. Seconds to live. Nothing I could say would appease the men; my mouth was dry, my heart raced so rapidly that I could scarcely sense any spaces between the beats. Adrenaline overload was making my limbs vibrate uncontrollably - entire limbs, not just my hands - and I tried to strike a casual pose to keep them still. Propping a hand on my hip, I leaned against the jet's stairwell railing for support, and made up a story about where I'd been for the last four hours. Even behind shades, the hangar seemed unnaturally bright to my eyes. In an audibly trembling voice, I explained that my tardiness was because I'd been with my girlfriend on an impulsive excursion for beer and nachos. As I spilled this high-grade bullshit all over the hangar, I knew it would seal my fate, because it was no excuse whatsoever. But in my final moments, I wanted a little piece of you with me. Spinning that tale of the date-that-never-was comforted me, gave me a verbal talisman that removed me out of my terror for the briefest of moments. It was as if I could convince myself that it had actually happened, or maybe that it even was happening; that somewhere, there was an alternate existence where I wasn't facing down imminent execution by gunfire. I was with you: tracing a cold beer bottle along your arm to watch the goosebumps rise on your velvet skin... molding my body to yours and listening to your laugh as we danced to some tacky fucking salsa music... pouring myself into your sweet, musky softness in the shadows of some crap border motel. For a moment, I lived it all - it was real. Then it happened. \"Matalo.\" Kill him. They'd heard enough from me, and I knew it was over, because I'd been on the other end of a gun in the same situation. I had turned myself into a problem that needed to be solved, had disqualified myself as human. Someone stepped forward, levelled a weapon, and reflexively, I began to yell something about the cops hiding in the jet behind me. Even a split second before I was shot, I remained a die hard optimist, playing my last card. \"No, no, you got two...\" was all I got out before the round struck me in the chest. Whoever pulled the trigger, he was a good shot, because he drilled me right in the heart, and I went out quickly. Barely remember hitting the ground at the foot of the jet's stairwell, but once I was down, it seemed like I belonged there. Good place to take a nap. I closed my eyes, listening to the rain. A downpour had begun just outside the hangar, and a warm breeze gusted along the concrete floor, carrying that hot, coppery smell. The smell of steaming asphalt... or maybe it was my own blood. You'll be fine. The smart and beautiful always are. And sometime in the near future, you'll ask another man that favorite-smell question and he'll say Christmas trees , and that's how you'll know he's the one. It's okay if you decide you'd rather not tell people you ever knew me. I understand. What's important is that you were the best part of a life that was better than any man had a right to have, even if I never told you that. I wouldn't change a thing. What the universe gives, it takes away without prejudice. I got what I deserved. ","Summary":" I learned a lot of things the day I died. You would have learned things, too. About me. When a youn"},{"Movie":"A Man Apart","Title":"For A Minute There","Author":"Renegade87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3395037","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title :nFor A Minute There Author : Tareena Langfordn(Renegade87) Chapters : 1 Rating : T,ndrinking Pairing : Sean/Stacey Feedback : Hell yea!nI didn't post this thing for my health. Disclaimer : I donnot own Sean or Stacy ::damnit:: or anything else from the AMAnuniverse. Nor do I own the song that makes an appearance, thatnbelongs to Garth Brooks. Summary : Just a little song ficnset after the movie. Author'snNote: Apparently fanfiction net doesn't like me, so randomnlines of the lyrics are NOT in italics and NOT centered, hope it'snnot too confusing --------------------------------- Seannand Stacey walked in silence down the beach holding hands. Seannsuddenly attacked her tickling her until she fell to the ground andncouldn't breathe. \"Pleasenbaby…\" She barely forced out. Henlaughed even harder as he lay down in the cool sand beside her, thenwarm waves lapping over their relaxed bodies. \"Inlove you Stace.\" \"Inlove you too.\" She said in the cutest voice she could muster, asnshe leaned over and kissed him softly on the lips. Whatnstarted as a mere kiss quickly escalated. The pink and orange sunndraping their smooth, wet skin in a dance of shadows and hues. Afternthe sun had completely set, they made their way back to their quietnhome. Chuckling quietly and grinning like idiots when they wouldncatch each other's eyes while they dressed. Outsidenof their deck, with their cat, Monty, watching them, Sean tugged onnStacey's hand and bent, drawing a lopsided heart in the sand withnhis thick finger and then writing \"S&S; 4ever\" inside of it. Staceynsmiled a mile wide and crouched down to kiss him. Wenwere walking 'long the ocean Togethernhand in hand WhennI stopped to write \"I love you\" in the sand Andnwhen I looked up you were standing Tennmiles out at sea Andnin a sweat Inwoke up from that crazy dream AsnI reached to hold you in the morning light Itnwas just your pillow Inclung to so tight Seannjerked awake so quick he almost fell off of the bed. It was thenmiddle of summer and at least 85 degrees outside, but he wasnfreezing. Literally shivering in his now sweat soaked bed. Montynhopped up beside him and mewed softly, Sean looking over andnscratching him behind his ears as his vision started to blur. Itnhad been 2 years since he had lost everything. In less than 2 minutesnhis world had ended that night. And there hadn't been a night sincenthat he had slept through. Nightmares plagued him. Some of themnflashbacks of the picture of her bleeding to death in their bed, somenof the carnage he had seen and taken place in after her death andnsome strange ones like the one that had woken him up tonight. Tearsnwere his only companion now. He let it all loose in his quiet home. Henhad completely renovated the destroyed home that they had oncenshared. It took him 8 months before he could even sleep one night innit. If you want to call it sleep. He had changed just aboutneverything, her candles being the only things that made it looknremotely like the home they had shared before. He tried to walk away;nhe even called a realtor one day. But he could never make the move.nHe could never leave. Henclutched the extra pillow on the bed and cried himself to sleep oncenagain. Butnfor a minute there Well I thought it was you Forna minute there Mynprayers had come true Andnfor a minute there Inbegan again to live WhatnI wouldn't give Fornjust a minute there Worknwent on. He took the 6 months Frost had given him and tried tonstraighten himself out. Even he couldn't deny that he had taken anrather twisted path after her death. After Lucero was taken care ofnand he got some rest he made himself stop. Stacey would be sondisappointed in him if she had seen. He cried for that as well. Henremembered the man he killed with his bare hands, and remembered theninnocent lives that were lost that day. He didn't regret it, but henwished she wouldn't have seen it either. Henhadn't been back at work 3 weeks when he almost broke down. He wasndriving in his Ram on the way home, he was going to stop by the storenand get a couple six packs for the weekend. To help himself getnthrough the next 48 hours alone in their home. Henwas sitting at an unusually long light, and he bent to light thencigarette he had just placed between his lips when he saw her. Darknhair, red ball cap, perfect walk. Thenlit cigarette dropped to the floorboard of his truck, burring a smallnring into the carpet as he slammed the shifter into park and threwnthe door open with such force that it opened to its maximum degreenand swung back at him, hitting his shoulder as he ran towards thenfigure retreating down the street. \"Stacey!nBaby…Stacey! Wait!\" Peoplenwere shouting and horns were being blared as the light turned greennand the black Dodge sat idling, door agar, blocking traffic. Henstopped in the middle of the street as the woman disappeared aroundnthe corner. He was on the verge of tears and was breathing hard withna clenched jaw. Fiveno'clock on Friday Sittingnat a light Whennthis angel walked right by me Onnmy right Andnthe cars all stated honking Asnmy feet hit the ground Andnthough I chased and called Younnever turned around Ohnthe walk, the hair, the perfume Werenthe same HownI wished she would have answered Tonyour name Obviouslynit wasn't her. She was never coming back. He trudged his waynwordlessly back to his truck. Random citizens screaming obscenitiesnas he popped the shifter back into drive and made his way through thenlight. He stopped at the store and picked up a couple bottles ofnvodka and one of whiskey the cashier had recommended. He would neednsomething stronger than beer tonight. Causenfor a minute there Well I thought it was you Forna minute there Inswear, my prayers had come true Forna minute there Inbegan again to live WhatnI wouldn't give For just a minute there Hensat on the cool sand outside of his deck. Monty sleeping peacefullynbehind him on the planks. He took a deep drag on his cigarette andndrained about a third of the bottle he was holding. Tears werenstreaming silently down his cheeks, reflecting the soft light of thenhalf moon. The soft roar of the waves beating on the shore drowningnout was little sound he was making. He tilted his heads towards thensky and stared at the stars that were blurred through his tears.nDirectly in front of his gaze hovering over his solemn home, onenseemed to stand out. Tonightnthe stars in heaven Arenbright as they can be AndnI swear one of them Isnwinking down at me Hencouldn't help but smile through his tears. He looked down at thenbottle in his hand and poured it into the sand. Looking back up tonsmile at his love. \"Heynbaby.\" He whispered. \"I still miss you. I can't wait to see younagain one day. I love you.\" Forna minute there Well I thought it was you Forna minute there Inswear, my prayers had come true Forna minute there Inbegan again to live WhatnI wouldn't give For just a minute there Oh,nwhat I wouldn't give HownI'd love to live Fornjust a minute there ","Summary":" Title :nFor A Minute There Author : Tareena Langfordn(Renegade87) Chapters : 1 Rating : T,ndrinking"},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"The Return of Joe Bradley","Author":"scottsman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11652861","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A year after Rome, Princess Ann found herself walking down the Aisle at her wedding. He folks, as she had expected were getting ready to marry her off in a political Marriage with a Duke of, of, well a Duke Raphael of something or other. Anya couldn't remember and didn't really care. All she knew was she was marrying one man when her thoughts were consumed with another. The American reporter Joe Bradley the only man she had ever truly loved. When she finally reached the altar she could hardly bring herself to look up at her groom. All the way down the aisle she had been entertaining the childish fantasy that at the last minute Joe her true love would come bursting in on a white horse scoop her up and carry her somewhere where they could be together and happy for always. She shook away the dream. That was fantasy and this was reality she must do what was expected of her. Just then the two hands of the groom took a hold of her veil and began to lift it. She took a deep breath and prepared herself to smile at her groom. She forced a smile as Raphael lifted the veil that was on her head and prayed that it didn't look too much like clenched teeth. He took her hand as they turned to face the altar. The Bishop, who was performing the ceremony, began his remarks with an oration on the sanctity of marriage. After several minutes the Bishop finally got around to dearly beloved. A few seconds later and with great solemnity he pronounced, \"If anyone here can show just cause why these two should not be joined in holy matrimony, speak now or forever hold your peace.\" THREE DAYS EARLIER… Joe Bradley walked down the street toward his apartment. Evening was just falling as he made his way along. He had purposely taken the long way back so he could pass the spot where he first met her. When he reached the spot he looked down almost lovingly at the spot where he first saw and spoke with a girl that thought was drunk at the time. Only after he had taken her back to his apartment had he realized that he had a royal guest. Back in the shadows around the corner two men were lurking. \"Are you sure that's him?\" one was saying to the other. \"Yeah that's him,\" said the other one, \"Now remember the plan! We'll get him as soon as he turns off on to the side street that leads to his apartment.\" Joe was walking again the men followed him until he turned off onto the side street. They hurried to round the corner to keep him in sight they discovered much to their chagrin that he'd had apparently disappeared. \"You lost him,\" snapped the first man, \"The queen is going to kill us. First her daughter falls in love with the man and then you have to lose him so we can't complete our assignment.\" \"He was just going to his apartment,\" said the other guy, \"and we know where that is.\" \"His apartment is still two blocks away!\" hissed the other guy, \"How do we know that's where he went?\" \"Alright, alright we'll go to his apartment and wait for him there.\" \"Need a key?\" said a voice from back in the shadows \"No I'll pick the lock,\" the man replied absent mindedly as he started to move forward. Suddenly he stopped again. \"Wait a minute, who said that?\" Suddenly the two guys were grabbed and shoved against the wall. Joe had been watching them the whole time from the shadows. He had been aware that these two had following him since he left the paper. His time in the army air corps and being shot down in France during the war had given him eyes in the back of his head. \"Now,\" said Joe, \"How about you gentlemen tell me what Anne's mother wants with me?\" \"We'll tell you nothing,\" snapped the first man \"We are loyal to our king Philip of Aragon and Queen Margaret you'll get nothing out of us.\" Said the second man. Joe, who had given a start at the mention of King Philip, shoved them both down on a bench and reached in his pocket. The two men gasped at the sight of the object glinting in his hand. Joe smirked as he saw the Color drain from their faces. \"Alright,\" he said, \"Start talking.\" PRESENT DAY… \"If anyone can show any reason why these too should not be married let them speak now or forever hold their peace.\" There was a pause and then the Bishop made to continue. \"Not so fast,\" rang out a familiar voice that Ann knew all too well. A voice that she heard in her dreams every night. Anne turned toward the Aisle. In the dead silence, that had followed the voice, there was the sound of footsteps ringing on the stone floor. Anne could barely believe her eyes. She was afraid to let herself believe that this was actually happening. But there before her walking down the Aisle toward them was Joe Bradley. It took all the strength Anne had to keep from running to him and throwing herself into his arms. Joe had one hand in his pocket and a confident smirk on his face as he came. Queen Margaret was the first to recover her voice. \"Sir, how dare you interrupt this wedding!\" she snapped, \"Guards, Arrest this man!\" The guards rushed forward to grab Joe but were stopped dead in their tracks when he Pulled his hand out of his pocket revealing the same object that he had shown the two men in Rome. Joe calmly turned to the king. \"Call them off, Philip.\" He said. King Philip's eyes widened when he saw the object on Joe's finger and a look of recognition flashed on to his face. \"Nobody touch this man!\" Ordered Philip in a voice that left no doubt that he was serious. As the guards returned to their original places Anne looked more closely at the object on Joe's finger it was a signet ring of her country but it was also a very special ring. The royal seal of this ring was carved into a large red Ruby that was mounted in a gold band. Her people called it the Ring of the sacred oath. It was given to a person by the king himself for heroic service to the king himself. Not even the King himself would dare harm the man that he had given the ring too. But how did Joe get it she wondered. Anne was brought out of her thoughts by the sound of her father speaking. \"It's been a long time, Lt. Bradley,\" King Philip was saying, \"11 years,\" said Joe Nodding in agreement, \"I had no idea that you were Anne's father until those goons your wife sent to humiliate me in Rome spilled the beans.\" \"My wife did what?!\" snapped Philip glaring at his wife. \"What is going on here?\" said Margaret, \"How did this man end up with the Signet of the Sacred Oath. Joe spoke. \"Eleven years ago in the middle of World War 2 if you recall, your majesty, you and Philip were put on separate planes and evacuated ahead of the Nazi's Philips plane was shot down over France. A young 20 year old Lieutenant who himself had been shot down found him and escorted half way across the country to the pick-up point where a sub could take them both to safety in England. While the Lieutenant was resting in the hospital recovering from two bullet wounds he had received protecting the young king Philip, king Philip visited him and gave him a gift. That Lieutenant was me and that gift was this ring and the sacred oath. I am here to claim my reward for saving king Philips life.\" \"What reward?\" asked the Queen, still digesting what she had just learned. \"I claim the hand of Princess Ann as my reward,\" said Joe with a smile. \"You can't ask that!\" snapped the Queen \"Oh yes I can,\" said Joe, \"Check the Law of the Sacred oath, I can ask for anything that I want and you have to give it to me. To violate the oath is to forfeit the crown and I don't think you want to do that.\" There was another stunned silence. Anne's lungs were full of ice, the wedding guests were murmuring and the Bishop was looking confused. Finally the king held up his hand for silence. \"This man is right, I swore the sacred oath to him all those years ago I gave him the right to come here and claim any reward he wanted. If he wishes the hand of my daughter then he shall have it.\" At these words Anne lit up her poise and self restraint vanished. In unbridled Joy she dropped her bouquet and ran up the Aisle to Joe and threw her arms around him. The queen started to object but Philip held up his hand \"Not one word.\" He warned Joe slipped a hand under Anne's legs and carried her back down the Aisle to where the bishop stood. \"Marry them,\" said the king quietly The rest of the ceremony passed in a haze of joy for Anne. By the time the reception rolled around the queen had all but changed her mind about Joe. Seeing her daughter's joy had melted her anger away. The crowed of people outside the palace were more than a little surprised when it wasn't Duke Raphael that stepped out on the balcony with Princess Anne. \"Ladies and Gentlemen,\" said the Announcer, \"I present to you Princess Anne and Prince Joseph.\" Anne and Joe waved to the Crowd then turned to embrace each other. \"I can't believe this,\" said Anne as they stepped back inside, \"Tell me it's not a dream.\" \"It's real,\" smiled Joe, suddenly he looked as though he remembered something. \"I just remembered I brought a wedding present. He grabbed her hand and led her down the stairs and into the garage. He led her over to the area just inside the door. There was an object covered in a tarp. \"Irving chipped him to help my buy this.\" Said Joe reaching for the tarp, when he pulled it off Anne's face lit up again. \"Joe,\" she squealed you bought me a Vespa!\" Joe Grinned, Queen Margaret was standing in the main reception hall buy the window. Suddenly something outside the window caught her eye she looked out the window just in time to see Joe and Anne flying up the service road astride the Vespa \"Philip!\" she hissed The king stepped up and looked out the window. \"Here we go again,\" said the Queen \"My Dear,\" said The King Smiling, \"Leave them Alone.\" The End…? ","Summary":" A year after Rome, Princess Ann found herself walking down the Aisle at her wedding. He folks, as s"},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Postcards from Smitty","Author":"Jensine70","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11465655","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own the characters, just providing them a way to live on past the confines of the film. A/N: If you haven't seen the movie in a while, you might read a summary or watch clips as a refresher (at the moment, it is free on Amazon Prime). I pick up the story right where the film ends. No plans to change canon, this is simply a possible sequel scenario. Chapter 1 The majority of the press had already left the building as Joe Bradley slowly exited the hall. He found it difficult to cross the threshold, knowing that he would never again be in the same room with Princess Ann, who he had come to think of as Anya or Smitty. He felt certain he would spend many hours the rest of his life pondering what it would have been like to share a home with her, letting her cook for him, hearing her laugh, seeing her smile, holding her in his arms, feeling her soft lips against his. As he stepped into the lobby, he saw his friend Irving just ahead. Suddenly he heard footsteps approaching quickly from behind him. It was the woman who had been standing next to the princess as she answered questions from the press. The woman introduced herself to them as Countess Vereberg and asked, \"Are you Mr. Radovich and Mr. Bradley?\" Joe stood in stunned silence, so Irving answered, \"Why, yes, we are.\" \"You are the photographer who gave the photos to Princess Ann?\" \"Yes. Is there a problem?\" She responded, \"No, sir. On the contrary, the Princess would like to thank you in person. And Mr. Bradley, I understand that you are a reporter?\" She waited as he nodded his response. \"Princess Ann has decided to grant one personal interview and has asked me to extend that invitation to you. If you would both please follow me.\" She turned to lead them back through the great hall where they had been for the press conference. Irving and Joe exchanged perplexed looks with one another and then shrugged as they hurried to catch up with the Countess. She led them up the steps and past the ornate chair where Princess Ann had received the press just a short time ago. Then, she turned left and they found themselves at a set of double doors. She knocked and upon hearing the word, \"Enter,\" she opened the door. \"Your Highness, may I present Mr. Radovich and Mr. Bradley, as requested.\" Princess Ann gestured toward a pair of chairs, \"Gentleman, you may sit down.\" Though she looked them in the eye, there was no expression of familiarity on her face or in her voice. Then, the Princess dismissed the Countess without so much as a glance, \"That will be all, thank you.\" The Countess backed her way out of the room with a reluctant expression on her face. After the doors had closed, Princess Ann turned her attention back to her guests, \"Hello, it is good to see you again.\" The tone in her voice was almost a laugh and her smile reached her eyes. Joe was still speechless, so Irving asked, \"Pardon me, how should we address you? Your Highness?\" Now she did genuinely laugh, \"No, that is certainly not necessary, my dear friends. In private, you can still call me Anya – or Smitty, if you prefer.\" \"Smitty it is then. So you liked the photos, did you?\" \"Yes, I certainly did. That's an amazing little lighter you have there, Irving.\" \"Yeah. Sorry about the trickery. I'm sure you figured out that we had planned to sell the photos and the story of your day to the newspaper – at least, at the outset. We obviously had a change of heart.\" All the while, as he spoke, Ann and Joe were caught in each other's gaze. Maintaining that eye contact, she inquired, \"So if I were to give you an exclusive interview and the opportunity for some candid photos, that would be helpful to you professionally? And you would still keep the events of yesterday private – just among friends.\" Joe spoke up and looked sternly at Irving to stress what he had said earlier in the day, \"Yes. Private.\" \"Well, then I would like you to be the first to know that I have decided to extend my European tour. That should make for a wonderful exclusive for your newspaper.\" \"Weren't you to head home after visiting Athens?\" \"Yes. That was the plan. But you see, just recently, I have realized that I should be taking the time to enjoy the places I am visiting – taking in the sights and sounds, the people and culture, the food and the fun. I do not feel like my original schedule would allow me to experience enough to satisfy my curiosity, my thirst for knowledge and understanding of life beyond the daily schedule to which I am accustomed.\" She went on to tell them the places she would like to visit, though of course there has not been time to set any definite plans as of yet. Irving had the opportunity to take some photos while Joe interviewed her and then took a few posed shots of her in front of an ornate fireplace. The clock on the mantle chimed the hour and it caused the Princess to pause, seeming to end these enchanted moments they had shared. She walked over to a nearby table, picking up two envelopes. \"Here, this should more than cover the cost of your materials for the photos you gave me. Thank you so much, Irving for helping me to both make memories and preserve them. I will truly treasure them.\" After handing the one envelope to him, she turned her attention to Joe. The longing in her gaze was so strong, that Irving felt like he was intruding on an intimate moment, causing him to take several steps away in order to give them a measure of privacy. She made an attempt to keep her tone businesslike, but her eyes betrayed her as she said, \"I promised to return the money you loaned me. I have added extra to cover other expenses from the day.\" Joe took the envelope she offered, nodding as he put in in his jacket pocket. Then, he reached out to take her hand in both of his. \"Thank you, Princess, for allowing me a glimpse into who you truly are, your wishes, the desires of your heart. I will treasure that, just as you will treasure the photos and the memories. I do apologize for my initial deception, but am so grateful that you appear to have forgiven me.\" He smiled at her and she could not help but return the smile with an added sparkle in her eyes. He raised her hand to his lips, gently kissing it while holding her gaze. \"Will I ever see you again?\" \"You never can tell what the days ahead may bring – serendipity may have something in mind which we cannot predict. However, I will tell you that I plan to begin a practice of sending postcards during the remainder of my trip. If I recall, your address is Via Margutta 51. It was where you said I could send the money I had borrowed.\" \"My goodness, you have a good memory.\" \"Yes, I do indeed. I remember every instant of our time together.\" She leaned in and placed a whisper of a kiss to his cheek. As she returned to her upright posture, her expression changed momentarily to sadness, before her smile returned. \"Perhaps, when I return home, there will be an important event or some other reason that I might require the presence of a trusted member of the press. Would you be interested to hear from me if such an occasion were to arise?\" She shifted her gaze over Joe's shoulder to look at Irving. \"I might find myself in need of a photographer, as well.\" They both responded that they would be delighted to hear from her under any circumstances, though it was clear from the fact that Joe continued to hold Ann's hand that his delight would be different from Irving's. Just then, there was a tap at the door which immediately opened to reveal the Countess and a gentleman who had been with the Princess earlier. \"Your Highness, your presence is required for a meeting before we begin packing for our departure.\" Never taking her eyes away from Joe, Ann responded, \"Yes, of course. Must keep to the schedule.\" Joe thought he detected a hint of sarcasm in her voice. The Princess continued her farewell to her new friends, \"Thank you again, Mr. Radovich, for the commemorative photos. With your camera, you are able to capture the life in the moment. I am grateful for your talent and your presence which allows me to have my memories of Rome preserved so beautifully.\" Irving replied, \"You flatter me, Princess. When the subject is as beautiful as you, the work cannot help but reflect that.\" She turned her attention again to Joe. \"Mr. Bradley, thank you for being gracious enough to take the time to do this interview.\" \"Princess, it is you who have been gracious with your time and candidness. When this interview and accompanying photos – the photos from today, that is,\" he gave a slight wink before continuing, \"I will make sure that a copy finds its way to you. Here is my business card, should need to contact me in the future.\" Ann took the card from him as if it were made of gold, for it was that precious to her. \"Thank you, so very much. For everything, Mr. Bradley. So happy to have met you.\" There was an extended pause before the Countess cleared her throat and said, \"Gentleman, if you would follow me, I will escort you out.\" As they exited the building, Irving said to Joe, \"So, do you think we'll really hear from her? That'd be a real kick, wouldn't it?\" Looking off into the middle distance, Joe said, \"Well, I for one count myself lucky for the time I've already had with her. A postcard or two would be icing on the cake. If I get those, then maybe I'll start to hold my breath that I might actually receive a summons to her palace.\" Irving patted him on the back and chuckled. \"Well, I've got to develop these photos and you've got a story to write. Do you think Hennessy will give you the original amount for the exclusive?\" \"Whether he does or not, it was worth it just to be near her for a few more minutes.\" A/N: Tune in next chapter for a postcard to Joe from Smitty. Will they see each other again? Would she give up her position for love? Will Joe's exclusive interview give him the money and standing to make the move back to New York, to work in a newsroom there as he talked about in the film? Would she continue to write to him if he moved back to America – or even visit him there? Truthfully, I haven't decided yet if they will get their \"happily ever after.\" ~Jen ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own the characters, just providing them a way to live on past the confines of "},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Window Shopping","Author":"a-few-of-these-verses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7839744","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The princess gone rogue. It was the perfect story, a unique opportunity. For the first time in his life, the cards were in Joe Bradley's hands, and Princess Ann (or Anya, as she was calling herself) didn't suspect a thing. Irving had just left to develop the pictures of their afternoon so far and promised to meet them at the dance that night. \"So, what would you like to do now?\" Joe asked, hoping it wasn't anything too expensive. Irving had lent him some money, but he didn't want to spend all of it too quickly. As he learned earlier, the princess had an expensive taste. And why shouldn't she? She was a princess. \"I think I just want to window shop,\" Anya answered, a dreamy smile on her face. \"Just stroll around the streets without a purpose.\" \"That's fine by me,\" Joe said, offering his arm to her. She hesitated, but after a thought, slipped her arm through his. \"How long have you been in Italy?\" she asked as they paused in front of a boutique. \"A few years,\" said Joe, \"I'm from New York originally.\" \"You know, I've never been there!\" This was a fairly surprising revelation. \"Really?\" \"Really. It sounds lovely though. The city that never sleeps,\" Anya said thoughtfully. \"Strange how you ended up here in Rome.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Well, you're in the fertilizer business,\" she said, \"so I find it odd that you're in Rome, especially for such a long period of time.\" \"Oh!\" He'd forgotten about his cover. \"I'm here for some, uh, research. It's taken longer than expected, so I can't go back until it's finished.\" \"I see,\" Anya said, turning towards him. \"Life isn't always what one likes, is it?\" Joe smiled. \"No, it's not.\" They stopped to look at a window display of china plates. \"Now, I'm going to assume that there isn't a Mrs. Bradley since I did sleep on your bed last night,\" Anya began, \"but are you seeing anyone?\" Another unexpected question. And here he thought that he was supposed to be the interviewer, not the interviewee. \"No, no Mrs. Bradley, no girlfriend. I haven't had the time to find her, I guess.\" Romance was always a juicy topic that the press loved. \"Now there has to be a special someone in your life, pretty girl like you.\" Anya shook her head. \"No, there's no one!\" \"I don't believe that. Are you sure you don't have a boyfriend?\" \"Quite sure. My parents wouldn't allow it.\" \"Wouldn't allow it?\" \"No, they'll make their own choice about who I should see, I suppose, though that will be dreadfully boring and awful.\" \"You should rebel and date someone they wouldn't expect.\" Anya laughed. \"That would definitely surprise them.\" \"So, changing the topic,\" Joe said as they moved onto the next window. \"How did you get here?\" She looked away. \"I'm here... for a school trip. We're going all around Europe, and Rome is the last stop.\" \"Have you had fun?\" Anya shook her head. \"Not really, it's been most boring. I have to stick to a schedule, and I'm not allowed to do what I really want to do.\" \"Like window shop and tour?\" \"Exactly! I'm never allowed any fun.\" \"So why don't you talk to your parents or teachers about this?\" \"They wouldn't allow it,\" Anya sighed. \"I have to do what they want, when they want, and smile the whole time.\" She stopped. \"You know, I've never really told anyone about this before.\" \"Really?\" Joe was surprised. \"Yes,\" she answered. \"And the strange thing is, Mr. Bradley, is that I've only just met you, and yet I feel like I can tell you anything in the world.\" A guilty feeling settled in his stomach as Anya walked ahead, peering into the shops. \"Anya…\" said Joe, searching for the right words. She faced him, her skirt twirling as she turned. \"Hmm?\" \"Nothing,\" he said. There was nothing he could say. Anya smiled and returned to looking at whatever caught her eye in the window. She was so alive and full of life, he couldn't imagine her being restricted into a confined schedule. It was a crime, really. And it was also a crime to lie to her. He had to do it, he wanted to leave Italy, get back to New York, but there was something about this princess that made him want to change his mind. But like she said, life isn't always what one likes. ","Summary":" The princess gone rogue. It was the perfect story, a unique opportunity. For the first time in his "},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Dear Joe","Author":"S. Winter-Fitzgerald","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8293822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author note These characters don't belong to me, obviously. This fanfic results from a sudden idea I had after re-watching the film, how many things were left unsaid and the changes in the characters I imagine that have happened. I hope you enjoy it. Reviews will be highly appreciated. :) Dear Joe, There are no words to properly convey how much I thank you for the amazing tour of Rome and the unforgettable day I've spent in your company. I will cherish those memories as long as I live. In the following envelope you will find the money you have so kindly lent me plus interest. I can even picture your polite refusal but that's how loans work and what promises demand. Accept my best wishes of luck and happ... Dearest Joe, I cannot continue writing such distant, somewhat cold and overly polite letter. Not to you and especially not after everything we lived together that day. When I think about it, it's very difficult to believe that it all took place in such short period of time. I felt joy, happiness, love, sorrow, resentment and sadness, all in just twenty-four hours. I am used to very busy schedules but no day has yet matched its eventfulness. First of all, I would like to claim that I don't mean to rub salt into a fresh wound. It felt almost compulsory for me to leave you with more than veiled words in a room full of strangers. You deserve so much more than veiled and coded words and I truly assure you that it was not without much thinking that I decided to write you in the end. One part of my past letter I must transport into this one nevertheless: \"There are no words to properly convey how much I thank you for the amazing tour of Rome and for the most unforgettable day I've spent in your company. I will cherish those memories as long as I live\". I believe that the simplest are the truest words that can ever be written or spoken and that is the reason why I don't mind the repetition. I couldn't write it better and more sincerely than that no matter how much time and attention I devoted to it. That day has changed me in so many ways and that is another thing I must thank you for too. The girl you found sleeping on a bench by the Coliseum was a spoiled, bratty princess who looked perfect on the outside but who thought that the best way to have things done her way was through pouting and throwing tantrums. The individual writing you is a much mature person that has learned that there is much more to life than what she had ever thought and that there are better ways to deal with unwanted responsibilities. I don't mean to say that I have settled into my position and that the will of leaving it all behind doesn't cross my mind sometimes but I am much more serene about it all. It's an unchallengeable fact that we both will have to move on with our lives eventually but I can't avoid telling you how deeply I regret not being able to cross some of the busiest streets in Rome on a scooter just to arrive at the church in time to get married to you. Had the circumstances been different and I would have followed you undoubtedly to a life in a place with a kitchen and where I could wear your clothes whenever I fancied doing so. How agreeable, nice and lovely that could have been. I find it cruelly ironic actually that all I wanted to escape from the night we met is what has kept me from just abandoning it all. I guess that the honour, duty and responsibility values I have been taught since I was very young aren't that easy to ignore and forget. They raised high above my will to follow what my heart was telling me to do. It was never an option. For me, following what my heart is telling me was never an option, as I've been experiencing ever since I was a little girl. You have dreams of your own and I would never ask you to give them up because of me nor for my life. It wouldn't be fair to you and sooner or later I'd be suffering the consequences of my selfishness. Even if our situation could be changed and you were accepted into my family and given a new position it wouldn't end well. It couldn't end well. You're a newsman, Joe Bradley, not a man to go around from visit to visit, from country to country, accepting bows and giving flourished empty speeches always followed by \"Thank You\" and \"No, thank you\", as it's deemed more appropriate by others, concealing completely your true thoughts, opinions and wishes. No, you're much more suited to travel the world, find new perspectives and realities and let them be known to the rest of us. I'll read your articles in the New York Times someday, I'm sure of it. They would be fools if they rejected someone not only as talented as you are but mainly someone this considerate and wholesome. Maybe someday things will change and stories like ours are allowed to have the happy ending both of us wished so deeply. Who knows what life holds in store for us? Perhaps we will meet again someday, like old friends that have once been in love and who share those memories but who are willing to make new ones, in the new context of their lives. Before I finish, I wish you, with all my heart, health, luck and happiness, because you are one of the true deservers of such graces. Yours affectionately, Anya ","Summary":" Author note These characters don't belong to me, obviously. This fanfic results from a sudden idea "},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Roman Reunion","Author":"scoutfinches","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11106923","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been so long. So, so long. But I was there again. With my notepad in hand, in that very same room, in the very same Rome, with the very same Anne. It had been a year, to be exact. And my heart longed deeply for Anne. I waked out of there, that palace, feeling unsatisfied that I hadn't gone back to her. No other woman made me feel the way Anne had. Not a single one. And I hoped she still cherished me as I had her. And I hoped she still remembered me and our adventure out and about with Irving. I hoped. I longed. And I dreamed. I had to speak quickly to ask her a question, or my trip would be in vain. And my love would be forever lost. My heart pounded upon seeing her in that beautiful white silk dress. With her same ruby necklace and her same, gorgeous pearls. It was my turn. And I had no idea how to say a single word. Not until she looked me straight in the eye and smiled. \"On behalf of the press, Your Highness, I was wondering what are your views on the unity of nations?\" \"I would like more than anything for us to all be united by friendship. Honestly and truthfully. My view on that will never change.\"\" Afterwards, she had a meeting with each member of the press. This time, it was a rather small conference. And I was the last in line. I was anxious as she moved further down, greeting each man with a grin. I was unsure if how she would greet me. I wondered if she was in love with another man. I wondered one thing too many in those minutes. I tried awfully hard to keep my composure. And truly, just to keep still. When she came to me, the last man standing, I spoke. \"My name is Joe Bradley. From American News Press.\" Without hesitation, she shook my hand. \"It's nice to meet you again, Mister Bradley.\" When my hand touched hers, I felt a shock. When I looked up at her, I still saw a smile. \"I've missed you so much, Joe. Truthfully.\" I knew it was then I had to tell her what I really came for. I had to tell her why I begged for this conference for so long. To tell her I loved her. Again. Because I knew we had a chance. It wasn't over yet. \"Anne... I.. I still love you. I came here, all this way, to tell you.\" Unlike normal, I was nervous. I had imagined this scenario working out for so long, there was no way I thought it would work when I was actually standing there, right in front of her. \"Oh, Joe! I knew that. I thought you'd never come to see me again!\" In front of all of the reporters, she threw me into her arms. \"I've waited too long, so long, for you to come back!\" The men were in awe around us, from what I could see. It was their opportunity to hone in like hawks and photograph the whole thing. Princess Anne was reuniting with me. Her lover. And of course it was a big deal to the press. Of course! However, truthfully, it was a bigger deal to me than any of them put together. Or the entire world. When I finally took my chance and kissed her, I knew we would be together for the rest of our lives. After that, there was no more waiting. No more nights dreaming of the Mouth of Truth. No more papers about the Coliseum. No more conversations about her daring, unlawful scooter drive. No more, because in the end, we were together again. ","Summary":" It had been so long. So, so long. But I was there again. With my notepad in hand, in that very same"},{"Movie":"Ant Bully","Title":"Lucas' Underwear","Author":"MAAFanfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13110015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All rights go to Warner Bros. Warning: There is some slight nudity and crude humor. Enjoy. Lucas Nickle was a lonely boy. His family neglected him and he was bullied constantly by the other kids. One of the bullies gave him a wedgie that ripped part of his underwear off. Angry and frustrated, he picked up a water gun and sprayed it at an ant hill. He then kicked the ant hill and went back to his house. Once inside, he's greeted by his grandmother who asks \"What's wrong?\" Lucas replied \"Nothing is wrong. I'm going to my room.\" Lucas went up to his room and laid on his bed for a few hours. Around 4 hours later, he gets up and decides to take a shower, but he need something to wear. Most kids his age would wear kiddie pajamas or something similar, but Lucas had a different option in mind. He wanted to only wear his white briefs. No shirt, no pants, and no socks. Just underwear. He grabs the underwear and goes to the bathroom to take a shower. He undresses and turn on the shower. He lets the warm water rinse over him and closes his eyes. After 15 minutes of showering, he grabs a towel and dries himself off. Once he's done with that, he takes the underwear and puts it on. Lucas thought to himself \"This is way better than wearing pajamas.\" He thought this because he felt more freedom when he wore as little clothing as possible. There was a small thought in his head about not wearing anything, but Lucas realized he needed to have some level of modesty when it comes to clothes. Lucas then got out of the bathroom and headed back to his room. As he was walking, his older sister Tiffany saw him and she was appalled by the sight. She goes up to him and asks \"Um, what on earth are you doing?\" \"I'm going back to my room.\" said Lucas. \"No, what is THAT?\" said Tiffany as she pointed at Lucas' underwear. \"The outfit I'm sleeping in.\" said Lucas. \"You're really going to wear just whitey tighties to bed? Like, wow, I know little boys can be gross and all, but this is just too much.\" said Tiffany. \"How it is too much? It's not like I'm going around naked.\" said Lucas. \"IT'S CLOSE ENOUGH TO NAKED!\" yelled Tiffany. \"You know you should be glad that Mom and Dad aren't to see this, because if they did, they would totally freak out. And don't get me started on how wrong this is on a modesty level.\" said Tiffany. For the next couple of minutes, Tiffany continued her rant about why Lucas should wear more clothes because of modesty and society and all Lucas could do was stand there and listen to her. He needed to find a way to shut her up and suddenly thought of an idea. In the middle of her rant, Lucas turned around and pulled his underwear down, exposing his butt to her. \"UGHHH! THAT IS SO GROSS!\" Tiffany screamed as Lucas was shaking his butt at her. Tiffany stormed off to her room and Lucas couldn't have been happier. \"Glad that's over.\" said Lucas as he pulled his underwear back up to his waist. Lucas made it to his room and went straight to bed. The end. ","Summary":" All rights go to Warner Bros. Warning: There is some slight nudity and crude humor. Enjoy. Lucas Ni"},{"Movie":"Ant Bully","Title":"Lucas' Underwear Problems","Author":"MAAFanfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13110888","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All rights go to Warner Bros. There is nudity and violence. Hope you enjoy. Tiffany was in a real sour mood after Lucas flashed his naked butt at her. She went to her room and slammed the door. \"Why does my little brother have to be so gross?\" said Tiffany. After a few hours, she decided to check on Lucas and went into his room. She noticed that not only was he not in bed, his white briefs were on the bed. \"Oh my god. Just when I thought he couldn't get any grosser, he wants to go commando.\" said Tiffany. She went back to her room and thought of some ways to get him back. A few days went by and Tiffany was busy doing her hair, until she heard a scream outside. She looked out her window and saw a naked Lucas freaking out in the front lawn. \"Okay, so he thinks he can just be a nudist whenever he wants. Well I'm going to punish him so bad, he'll stay clothed for the rest of his life\" said Tiffany. She came up with a plan where she would get rid of all his clothes and only leave his white briefs. \"This will show him.\" said Tiffany. Meanwhile, Lucas was outside, trying to get inside the house. \"I should have known my ant-sized clothes wouldn't have grown with my body.\" said Lucas. After ringing the doorbell several times, Tiffany went up to the door and unlocked it. Lucas came flying in, desperately trying to find some clothes. He went up to his room and looked through his drawers, only to find no clothes. Lucas was frustrated, until he looked on his bed and saw a pack of white briefs. He was happy to find some article of clothing and put them on immediately. He wondered where the rest of his clothes were and quickly realized who was responsible for this. \"Tiffany.\" said Lucas. Lucas went downstairs to talk to Tiffany about the problem. \"Hey Lucas. Let me tell you, it was great not dealing with you for the last couple of days. Oh, I see you have a bit of a problem.\" Tiffany said as she pointed towards Lucas' underwear. \"Yeah I have a problem. Where are all my clothes?\" asked Lucas. \"I put them somewhere where you'll never find them\" Tiffany replied. \"What! Why would you do that?!\" yelled Lucas. \"Because you thought it would be cute to shake your nasty butt in my face. Well, it wasn't cute, so you had this coming.\" said Tiffany. Lucas screamed and ran all around the house to chase Tiffany. Tiffany ran out the front door and Lucas followed, despite the fact he was half-naked. Lucas ran out to the front yard, only for Tiffany to go back inside and lock the door. \"Let me in! Let me in! Let me in!\" yelled Lucas. \"I will, but only when I think you've learned your lesson.\" said Tiffany. Just as things couldn't get any worse, the local bully Steve and his friends showed up. \"Hey look, it's \"Little Lucas\" and… where's his clothes?\" said one of the bullies. \"I knew he was weird but no shirt, no pants, no shoes, not even socks, just whitey tighties\". said another bully. \"This just makes my job easier.\" said Steve. Steve went up to Lucas and pulled him up by his underwear. \"What are you doing? Put me down!\" said Lucas. \"I just wanted to finish what I started a few days ago.\" said Steve. He then gave Lucas a particularly painful wedgie that even made the rest of the bullies cringe. Steve threw Lucas back on the ground and kicked him a few times just to make sure he didn't retaliate. To add insult to injury, he took off Lucas' underwear and ripped it in half, leaving Lucas completely naked. \"Alright guys let's go.\" said Steve. The bullies left the scene as Lucas started to get up off the ground. His ribs hurt slightly and he was once again nude. He went up the front steps and knocked on the door. Tiffany opened the door and said \"Lucas, what happened? I only left you outside for 5 minutes.\" Lucas was distraught and sat on the couch in a fetal position. \"Steve and his friends came by and beat me up. They gave me a wedgie, kicked me a few times, took my underwear, and tore it in half.\" said Lucas. Tiffany was upset and she immediately regretted her previous actions. \"Look Lucas, I'm sorry that had to happen to you and I'm even more sorry for taking away your clothes. I didn't think it would be a big deal. (sigh) I should have never judged you for sleeping in your underwear. It was an incredibly petty thing for me to do. And Lucas, can you ever forgive me?\" said Tiffany. Lucas thought about it for a few seconds and told her \"Okay, I forgive you.\" The two hugged, until they both realized that Lucas was naked and they awkwardly stopped. \"Well, Mom and Dad won't be home for a couple of days, so I thought I would allow you to be in your underwear and maybe even naked for the rest of the week.\" said Tiffany. \"Really?\" asked Lucas. \"Really. Just as long as you're not naked in front of me. Other than that, it's fine.\" said Tiffany. Lucas went back to his room, put on some white briefs, and laid on his bed. He was glad he made up with his sister and she wouldn't judge him for what he wanted to wear. He pulled off his covers and went straight to sleep. The end. Hope you all enjoyed that story. I'll likely do more with this story in the future. Maybe some one-shots about Lucas in his underwear or being naked. But other than that, I hope you all have a wonderful day and I'll see you next time. ","Summary":" All rights go to Warner Bros. There is nudity and violence. Hope you enjoy. Tiffany was in a real s"},{"Movie":"Ant Bully","Title":"Thrive","Author":"samus18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13021029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : I wanted to contribute something to the \"Ant Bully\" category, because it's severely lacking. Not much to this story, but I thought it right to talk about Lucas and the colony further down the road. I like to think that he visited the descendants of his ant friends again. Thrive Many things had changed in Lucas's life ever since his encounter with the ants. He'd grown older, for instance. His friendship with Zoc, Hova, and the others never diminished, but it was a sad fact that ants didn't possess the longevity that humans did. Not even wizards as talented as Zoc could change that, and he wouldn't have wanted to. None of them would. Lucas knew it...had always known it, but on the day Hova sought him out to tell him the sad news, it still came as a painful surprise. Lucas had visited the ants on numerous occasions since befriending them, but the visits were few and far between, as a rule. Mostly, they occurred whenever his parents weren't home, which made his lengthy disappearances easier to hide. His older sister ignored him as much as she could anyway, and his grandmother's arbitrary hobbies kept her occupied to the point where she never noticed that he'd been gone. This suited him just fine. Zoc would make one of his concoctions for the sole purpose of having Lucas shrink down to their size for a visit, and the visits of course never lasted for more than a good handful of hours. It'd been easier for Zoc to create the shrinking potion ever since he'd kept a record of his first attempt, otherwise Lucas may have felt guilty for asking the hard-working ant to go through all the trouble just for the sake of a few hours visit among friends. Zoc would have done it for him, though, even if Lucas would never ask for it. Hova, on the other hand, would have insisted on a visit from Lucas, so it wasn't as if Zoc had much of a choice even if he had complained about the work involved. But he didn't. He'd made friends with Lucas in spite of a very rocky start, and had considered the human a friend ever since. That day, though...when Hova had hailed him as he was outside, ready to approach the anthill with some of their favorite \"sweet rocks\"... Lucas knew that Zoc had been getting more feeble in his old age (it was still strange to think of Zoc as \"old\" when it felt like so little time had passed), but nothing could have prepared him for the news of the wizard's passing. Hova, of course, had been heartbroken...but in spite of it all, there remained, still, a solemn acceptance that was so very ant-like. They were strong, enduring creatures, ants. They had an uncanny ability to push forward in spite of all the obstacles, a strange way of enduring the hardships that befell them, including those carried within. Lucas may have received the news with more difficulty even than Hova did. He would always remember that day. He'd turned away from the anthill so as not to overwhelm his friends with splashing tears. Time carried on. Lucas and his family ended up moving to another part of the state, in which he was forced to leave his miniscule friends - but not without saying goodbye. Hova, Fugax, and Kreela were on their last leg, so to speak. They were very old (for ants), and Lucas had said a very heartfelt goodbye to them, knowing he'd probably never get another chance. Fugax, in spite of his age, still possessed the same sprightly, mischievous persona he had in his youth. Kreela, who came supporting him as best she could in her own weakness, had waved goodbye to her human friend. \"I'm gonna miss you, Peanut,\" she said, affectionately using his first nickname. \"Almost as much as those sweet rocks.\" They'd shared a laugh. Hova had tried not to become emotional during Lucas's last farewell. He wished he could have lifted her up on his finger to get one last look at his dear friend, but she was simply too old to endure it. \"Bye, Hova…\" he'd said in a voice that sounded different to his ears. Hova had given him something before he departed, though. She'd beckoned him down to the ground so he could see at their level. The size difference made the interaction almost ridiculous, but then they had had a lot of practice communicating in this way. Slowly, she ambled up to him. \"Zoc wanted you to have this,\" she said, holding out her hands. Taking the cue, he slowly stretched out a finger toward her, in which she placed the tiniest phial imaginabe. It was a miracle he'd been able to see it, much less keep it safe. He knew it was a final batch of the shrinking potion, but he wondered, now that he was moving, when he would ever use it. There would be no point in shrinking himself to visit other anthills. Even so, Lucas had managed to store it in a larger phial for safekeeping. It was almost too small to see, even in the larger phial, and throughout the rest of his days, he often checked to make sure it was still there, a tiny yellow orb spinning this way and that in the large glass container. It didn't really matter to him if he ever ended up using it. He considered it a final gift from Zoc, and that was good enough for him. He was still young when he moved away. The years went by, but he never forgot his friends. He knew that Hova, Fugax, and Kreela had to have left this world by now. Ants didn't live very long compared to humans. Months turned into years, which turned into many more years. Lucas was married now with a family. He never told them about the ants, of course, but by some miracle, his career led him back to his hometown. He and his family had moved several houses down from his old one - a fact which they found amusing, but he had other reasons for wanting to be home after all this time. His neighborhood wasn't the same, of course. New faces, new houses, and new people made it merely a shadow of what it had once been...but it was still the welcoming, cheerful place he remembered as a youth. It was many weeks after they'd moved in when he ventured over to his childhood home. He didn't dare to hope that the anthill would still be there, but by some miracle, it was. He'd knelt down by it for only a moment (after all, the home he used to live in wasn't his anymore), and saw a few ants crawling in and out. That was all he needed. Many days later, he'd found an opportunity to slip out without alarming his family and made his way to the anthill. He'd timed his visit at night, as obviously taking Zoc's concoction would be impossible to do during the day with prying eyes about. But take it he did. Lucas had half-expected it to fail (he wasn't even sure if the potion had an expiration date, he'd kept it for years and years), but to his delight, and subtle alarm, the shrinking process had begun. He found himself sinking at a frightening pace, until the sensation finally stopped and the world was now a hundred times bigger than it was. Blades of grass towered over his head, cutting across the pale moon. Pebbles were now boulders, and the ants… ...The ants… They would be asleep right now, wouldn't they? How could he approach them unawares? He didn't have to wait long for the answer. To his surprise, a large group of ants began trailing out of the anthill. He supposed they must have woken up at the sound of his transformation. Many of them had looks of fear and wonder on their faces as they slowly approached him, making sure to keep a certain distance from this strange new creature. It seemed a long time that they kept trailing out of their underground domicile, and Lucas was at a loss for words; he simply stared back at them. At long last, the crowd parted to reveal a young female ant, followed by several attendees. It had been so long since Lucas had been exposed to the ant culture, he'd forgotten how formal they could be when greeting a new arrival. He opened his mouth to speak. \"H-hi…\" He realized now how little he had actually planned this. How, exactly, should he explain his being here, not to mention his size? On top of that, what on earth did he come for? His old friends were all gone - no one here would know who he was. In the midst of his confusion, he noted the gentle, benign look on the female ant's face. She approached him slowly, with hands folded, instantly reminding him of Hova. Or was it Zoc…? Because her eyes… \"Greetings, Lucas,\" she said. His eyes went wide. \"You...you know who I am? \" She nodded. \"Oh yes...you see, we've been waiting for you for some time.\" She placed a hand upon her chest. \"I'm Zinia, descendent of Zoc and Hova.\" The human's eyes lit up. \"You're...you're Zoc and Hova's great grandchild? \" She chuckled, and nodded. \"Yes, although with a few more 'greats' added. The story of the human who became an ant and helped the colony from the dreaded cloud breather has been passed down for many generations.\" She stepped closer to him, eyes filled with silent wonder. \"I was told that Zoc and Hova believed with all their heart that you would return to us again someday. The rest of us believed, too.\" Lucas was amazed to hear this, and joy began to fill his heart. \"I'm... honored ...It's been so long since I'd been to the colony, and to be honest, I wasn't sure if it was still going to be here.\" He sighed, trying not to feel too overwhelmed. \"Zoc, and Hova...Fugax and Kreela...I miss them…\" Zinia regarded him silently, in something of a marvel herself that this human had actually known her ancestors. She tentatively reached out a hand to him. \"Please...will you tell us about them?\" Lucas nodded. Against all odds, he had finally returned to the ant colony. And although the ants he had known as a child were no longer there, he had the honor of meeting their descendant. It was true that many things changed, but then, some things didn't. Meeting Zinia, the descendant of his friends, brought overwhelming hope to Lucas. He knew the colony would thrive on for this generation...and for many to come. ","Summary":" A/N : I wanted to contribute something to the \"Ant Bully\" category, because it's severely lacking"},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Together Again","Author":"scoutfinches","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11333880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His feet ached more and more as he ran to his office. It was a small American News Service station in Rome. It sat right along with the other street shops in the town. It never held much significance. Not to the Italians, anyway. Time has gone by since he was both excused and late. His first lie was such a flop, the idea of lying again was absurd. You say that you interview a princess, like you were supposed to, and it turns out that apparently, she was extremely ill. He knows when you're telling a lie! Joe, you're insane! Telling the truth of what really happened would be just like that. Unbelievable. Too outlandish to even be considered something that actually happened. When he finally arrived, he took one last breath. In mere minutes, his time in Rome was just about over. His working time in Rome, that is. He gave himself the willpower to walk in the doors. He knew there was a bright side to being fired. If he was fired, he would be free. And if he was free, he could see Anne again. When he was in the office, he heard the sounds of clicking typewriters and nervous footsteps. His footsteps. The building was small, so small that he could see the doors to his boss's room instantly. They were less than fifty feet away from him. He tried to keep himself from running away and instead ran towards the doors. As usual, his boss was sitting at his desk. His feet were up on the hickory wood, supposedly imported from New York State. \"You're late again, Joe! Sei sempre in ritardo!\" He was American, like his employee, but maintained a fluency in Italian. For business. He had to keep speaking it, or he would lose everything he built for himself in Italy. Including the News Service. \"I'm sorry, sir. Really. There was just a traffic jam-\" \"There was no traffic jam out there! There never was! Why were you really late?\" \"Well... It all began when I woke up yesterday morning..\"[Chapter 2] \"I was actually going to get to work on time.\" Joe got dressed and ready and was about to leave his apartment for breakfast. He was about to leave when he saw a note slide underneath his door. Meet me at the Mouth of Truth. Ti amo, even now. -Anya . The thought of even catching a faint glimpse of her again would have made him happy. Two years went by and the only times he saw her were in the newspaper. About her tours to America and Asia and even Africa. She never got married and never had time to do much else than represent her country. And now, again, she was traveling her home continent of Europe. He never thought he'd see her again. And out of nowhere, suddenly, there she was. He had a second chance. And he was sure, more than anything in the world, that he was going to take it. He ran in the opposite direction of his work and down the road to find a taxi. He put his hands to his lips and whistled. \"Taxi!\" He was desperate, yet no cab would take him. He thought it was just his luck. Turns out, he was just standing in a bad spot. All while he tried to get himself going, he thought of his lousy boss at the News Service. And he thought of the day when he found out about Ann's 'illness' the first time. Now, once again, she was making him late for work. And his boss would obviously not be happy about it. \"Taxi!\" One last effort was made before he planned to run his way to the all famed monument. Finally, he got exactly what he wanted. A break. And a taxi. \"Ciao, sir!\" The driver greeted him. \"Where are you headed?\" Joe had no time or need to think in another language. He could tell the driver didn't know much or any English. And he hoped and prayed he would understand. \"The Mouth of Truth, per favore.\" \"Bellissimo!\" Joe laughed as the man began to drive down the busy, Roman streets. The streets were bustling with people, just as they were two years prior. Students and teachers almost marched together in the streets. Vendors were trying their hardest to be persuasive enough to sell produce to the American tourists. Couples swung their arms back and forth together on the sidewalks. And finally, last but not least, a photographer snapped pictures of the cars driving by. It was none other than Joe's closest friend, Irving Radovich. Instead of capturing images of models, he was taking snapshots of the hustle and bustle of Rome. Time's been flying by, hasn't it? He tried to wave at Irving, but his cab sped by too quickly. Irving saw nothing. The rest of the ride was filled with glimpses of strangers. And nothing else. His stop near the Coliseum was screeching. The driver almost forgot to stop. Joe paid his fine and watched the taxi drive off, already with another eager passenger. He realized then that this was his moment. His second chance at a life with Anne. Well, hopefully. He took the short walk to their designated meeting place. And shockingly, unbelievably, and undeniably, Princess Ann stood right there. Her hair was still cut short. Her eyes were still bright as ever. Everything about her was completely the same. It was if she hadn't aged a single day since they last saw each other. Again, she flashed him a beautiful, sunny smile. \"I'm so glad you could come and see me, Joe Bradley.\" As a royal, she normally referred to everyone by their full name. And that made Joe smile even more. \"I'm glad to see you as well.\" He tried to keep his composure. I never thought she'd come back.. I can't believe this! That day, she wore a long sleeved dress shirt. It was still chilly. May had only just begun. As she had the day they went out in the town, she wore a long, red skirt that went right to her ankles. It was if she wanted him to see her as he remembered her. (Actually, she did. But that's not really the point.) She buried her hands underneath her sleeves. \"How do you do?\" \"Well, I'm fantastic.\" She grinned at him too. \"As am I, Mister Bradley.\" Anne then looked over at The Mouth of Truth. \"You know the story behind this, don't you?\" \"Of course. I was the one who told you! You put your hand in the mouth, and supposedly if you're a liar, it'll bite your hand right off!\" They both knew, and I assume, they both needed a recap. After all, it's been years since they both had been there. \"Of course! How could I forget?\" And then, after saying those words, Ann reached down and put her hand in the stone mouth. Unlike before, she had no hesitation. She waited a while and once more hid her hand in her shirt sleeve before pulling her hand away. When Joe saw her hand, he jumped. \"Anne! Are you-\" She revealed her 'missing' hand. \"It's payback, Mister Bradley!\" Joe took a deep breath and laughed. \"It sure is.\" He was still taken aback, not just by Ann's prank, but by Ann herself. \"I'm guessing you needed another holiday?\" He asked her. \"Of course I do. I'd like to sit in sidewalk cafes. And look in shop windows and walk in the rain. Just.. Fun things. It never seemed like much to you, has it?\" \"Well, not lately. How about we do these things together.. Again.\" Anne sheepishly smiled. \"Again.\" Then, they walked off on the sidewalk. Just as they had before. It was not long before they passed a cafe. Just like in Paris and Spain, cafes lined the streets of Rome. It was a known fact that Europeans loved watching passers by. Especially Ann. In both envy and longing, she would stare out her window and just watch. She watched her own citizens work and sell goods to others. And as she longed to be down on the street, they longed to be behind the window. So, without further ado, Joe and Ann sat down at a table overlooking the Roman street. They both ordered some coffee and tea to drink while they watched. Other than the wind, it was a beautiful day. Anyone who was anyone in Rome was out and about. For a while, he let Anne watch the street before speaking. \"How have you been?\" She turned her head and looked him straight in the eye. \"Alright, I presume. I don't like my job all that much.\" \"Well, I don't either. That makes two of us.\" Anne laughed. \"At least you have the option to quit if you want. But I think both of us have a better job than selling fertilizer.\" Joe sighed. \"Yes, it is. And I regret lying to you before.\" \"As do I. I had no idea you would be so kind to me. I was mad to have ever left the castle. But then yet again, I should get some fresh air every once in a while.\" \"Of course! They should never let your health fall into jeopardy.\" He paused before remembering her 'illness'. \"Again.\" The waiter came with their drinks. The wait was much shorter than anticipated. Joe once again picked up the bill and thanked the server. \"Grazie!\" The young man only nodded his head before walking away. \"How have you been, Joe?\" Anne was the one to question him this time. Not his boss. \"I don't know.. I still have my same job, in the same apartment, in the same Rome. I haven't changed a bit.\" \"That's splendid! What about Irving?\" What a pointless question that was, because Irving was just walking to their table. In other words, he finally found his friend. Anne was an unexpected variable. \"Hey, Bradley!\" He patted his friend on the shoulder. \"How's this fine day treatin' ya'?\" \"It's been great! Please, sit down!\" He offered Irving a chair before he finally caught a glimpse of Anne. \"Smitty! How've you been! It's been years! And you still look ravishing!\" Joe was obviously not impressed. Irving not only intruded his date, but he was trying to steal it as well. Even then, he was used to it. His friend was a bit of a flirt, even if he'd never admit it. \"I'm fine, Irving. Thank you very much.\" \"Ya' sure, Smitty?\" \"Indeed.\" She sipped her tea and looked at him silently. \"And you?\" \"Splendid. I take pictures of scenery.. No more portraits! It's a nice change in.. Forget it! It's stupid anyway.\" Joe tapped his fingers on the table. \"In a sense, you're right. I think you're better off, don't you, Irving?\" \"Well, I don't know. It's not like the Americans want pictures of trees. Alberi sono sciocchezze, Joe! I don't see many pretty trees in any magazine, do you?\" \"Actually, yes, I do.\" Irving scoffed. \"Whatever, Bradley! Whatever!\" Anne watched them interact silently. It turns out, that was much more interesting than seeing any of the streets of Rome. \"I'm right. More right than you are, anyway.\" To make his point clear, Joe kicked one of the bottom legs of Irving's chair. Ann's tea spilled all over his shirt when he tried to keep himself from falling. \"What did I do this time?\" Again, years before, when they visited the exact same sidewalk cafe, when Irving risked them revealing the fact they knew of Anne's (at the time, Anya's) real identity, he would get water spilled all over his shirt. Or his leg was kicked. Or, well, both. \"You were just.. Being a bit rude.\" \"Rude? I'm the rude one because you just-\" Almost by coincidence, it seemed a scooter drove by and splattered even more water on Irving. \"Did you stage that too, Bradley?\" He frantically moved his arms up and down to shake some of the water away. \"Shockingly, I didn't. And when I told you about Ann the other day, I was lying.\" What Joe was saying was true. As Anne was wondering about their previous conversation and was also shocked about the suddenly soaked Irving, Joe remembered that day. It was just the day before when he spoke to Irving last about her, ironic enough. \"Maybe I'll go on another date. I need to stop thinking about Anne.. Don't I?\" \"It's about damn time, Bradley!\" He went on only one date after he met and left Princess Anne. He couldn't even remember the woman's name. She was French, and he had no idea what she was saying. Of course it was horrible, because in the end, he said he was in love with Ann. And she just left him on the street. Why would he want to see another woman? What was the point? \"I knew you were! I'll see you tomorrow, seul e! Oui?\" Joe knew his friend was picking on him about his failed rendez-vous avec une fille française. He, again, was not at all impressed. \"I'm not sure about that, but I can see. Bye, Irving.\" \"Ciao! You're late for work!\" He reminded Joe of his everlasting lateness; for two years, he was never early or on time. He was notorious for it. \"I could care less!\" Irving laughed as he walked off. \"Il ne pas parler français! Il blague!\" The photographer laughed as he walked away, but not before he took a picture of the journalist and the princess. Then, when Joe caught a glimpse of him, he quickly got away. He was already being enough of a nuisance, he thought. Enough for one day. \"So.. Where were we?\" Ann asked, as soon as she saw Irving leave. For good. \"I wish I knew myself.\" Joe laughed. \"Irving messes up everything, doesn't he?\" \"Yes, he does.\" She smiled. \"So, I'm guessing we better go?\" Joe looked out on the streets. \"I guess so.\" With that part of their day utterly ruined, they searched for another thing to do in town. The monuments were crowded full of tourists, the shops were filled with people, and even the roads were just clogged. So, they just kept walking on the sidewalks. They walked endlessly, for miles, it seemed, before ending up near the castle. And the all famed moat. There were really no permanent royals living there anymore to protect. Just Anne, for a few days during her second European tour. This time, she was alone, and everything was on her own terms. She only accepted certain invitations and went to maybe two events in any given day. She wanted time to sit and relax. And the first time, she didn't exactly get that. On the moat was a pontoon. The city of Rome allowed it to float it's merry way around as the days of spring and summer passed to attract more tourists. The boat would light up in the night and bask in the shade during the day and always played music. Because sometimes, tourists just wanted to dance. Rome was pretty big on tourism, especially from the Americans. Americans like the mostly young family of Joe Bradley. (His brothers and cousins to be precise.) Joe and Anne remembered fighting off agents on the boat that night, when they finally found her after long hours of searching. (If you never caught the hint, she was never ill. She ran away from her duties.) \"Hit him again, Smitty!\" The boat was much more calm when they walked on the second time. Nobody was following, nobody was watching, and nobody was looking for anyone. It was them, and two American tourists. They were dancing to the fast, speedy music. American pop music from across the pond. It seemed that it was all Romans listened to those days. So, Joe took Anne's small hands and spun her around. He never heard that song before, but tried hard to keep up. In its fast and slow parts. Finally, he got the hang of it, and so did Anne. Then, the song ended and they got off track again. And again, and again, until the sun set. In the bright lights, they looked into each other's eyes one last time before the clock struck midnight. \"I still love you, Joe Bradley.\" Anne grasped his hand right as he was about to leave. \"It's not going to be over. Don't walk away. Again.\" He looked back at her, the woman of his dreams, and felt a tear run down his cheek. He realized what an awfully stupid thing he was doing. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! \"I can't believe I was ever going to. God, I'm an idiot. Aren't I?\" \"Yes, you are. But I like that about you. You're a good dancer too.\" They stood in the dark night, and he kissed her on her lips, as he had waited to again for all of those years. \"At midnight, I'll turn into a pumpkin and drive away in my glass slipper.\" \"And that will be the end of the fairy tale.\" Trust me, it wasn't. \"I'll be here until Saturday. Stop by any time. I'll be more than happy to be have you.\" Anne told him. \"Well, I have a meeting tomorrow morning. I better not be late. Thank you for meeting me today.\" Her cheeks flushed. \"I love you, goodnight.\" \"Goodnight, I love you too, Anne.\" \"And I watched her walk away. That was that, I swear! I overslept. And trust me, it was worth it.\"[Chapter 3] \"I can't believe that tall tale, Mister Bradley! I expected so much better from you! You're fired! This time, for good! Get out of my office right now!\"' Joe's notorious reign of lateness came to an end that day. And he was more than glad hear it. He was tired of seeing that lousy man's face every morning and every afternoon. He was tired about writing about things he never really cared about. He wanted to write books, stories, and memoirs about his holidays in Rome. It was actually a long awaited proposal. Because truthfully, he would have just quit anyway. From the News Service, he ran to the castle, as instructed, to meet his beloved Anne. There was no time to lose. Not a single second. When he got there, the gates were closed. When one of the guards saw him from atop the tower, they opened the gate. He was able to get in the doors without fail and was guided to Anneta 3 by newspapers laid on the marble floor, like bread crumbs that were used to guide Little Red Riding Hood home. The at the end of the trail was of course, Anne. She was in a more formal dress. The dress with white and gold roses, as predicted by the press. She had just gotten back from her first meeting. When she saw him she leaped into his arms. \"I knew you'd come back! I just knew it!\" She began to cry tears of joy. He was shocked and held her tighter. \"Of course I was going to! You gave me a chance this time.\" \"Promise me that you'll never, ever leave me again. Promise.\" She thought this promise was too good to be true. But she wanted to hear the words anyway. \"Well, I got fired from my job. So yes, I promise. I've got nothing to keep me from doing just that.\" Her smile was a mile wide. \"So, it's not the end of the fairytale?\" \"No, and it never will be.\" Again, he was right. And they were together for the rest of their lives. ","Summary":" His feet ached more and more as he ran to his office. It was a small American News Service station "},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"True Love's Champion","Author":"Emily McCartney","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10899819","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's so completely unsatisfying knowing something was within my grasp and I couldn't really have it. That last kiss burned into my soul, as if he were promising to grant my every wish as long as I just stayed. All I had to do was stay. No more living in the cell of easy street; hardships and fighting galore. All these things filled the windmills of my mind as I faced my guardians and advisors. \"Your Highness, twenty-four hours they can't all be blank.\" \"No, they are not.\" The ambassador kept his stern father figure exterior. \"What do I tell your parents?\" \"I was indisposed. I am better.\" I drew myself up tell and demanding. \"Your Majesty must appreciate my predicament, I have a duty to your parents... just as you have your duty-\" \"I trust you'll never find it necessary to use that word again.\" I snapped. I looked at the three in front all leering at me as if they thought I were completely irresponsibly. I had to drive this home, make them understand. \"Had I not been completely aware of my duties to my family and country I would not have come back tonight... or indeed ever again.\" That fixed them. I quickly dismissed them with a severe tone of cordiality and I made sure it was laced with bitterness. I forced myself to fall asleep, but I'm truly surprised I succeeded with the beauty of the day running through my head. The last image I remember seeing were those intense brown eyes that were locked on my as he spoke. \"Well it looks like I need to move. I need to get a place with a kitchen.\" I wanted to fall into his arms and never let go, but here I am back in a feather bed... completely alone.[Chapter 2] I looked at the Duchess as she announced it was time to meet the Roman press. i didn't want to see the press, I wanted Joe! But I stood tall and pasted a smile on my face; let's get this over with. The throne room stood silent out of respect of my entranced, my eyes were half closed until I stood in front of cameras and had to scan the crowd. To my utter surprise and slight horror in the front row stood Irving and Joe. He's here? Why is he here? Is really with the press and told that officer the truth? Oh no! the scandal he could spread. I made sure to direct some of my answers at him hoping he would get my message. \"As for me and my personal press service we will make sure that your trust doesn't go unjustified,\" Joe answered. \"I'm so glad to hear you say it.\" I smiled. I stared into his intense eyes wishing I could tell him I love him and hoping my eyes were relaying the message for me. His eyes were tearing up, he was as conflicted and involved as I. They wanted me to leave but I had to touch him one more time. So I went down the line as if being drawn to him. I stood in front of Irving, \"I would like to present your majesty with commemorative photos of your trip to Rome.\" They were photos of our time together. Finally I am face to face with love. \"Joe Bradley, American News Service.\" His hand slid into my gloved one and squeezed. His eyes begged me to stay. \"So happy, Mr. Bradley.\" My mission accomplished I left that room. I could hear lone steps walking away. I knew it was Joe, I knew it. I turned to run after him but Duchess got in my way. \"Don't you dare.\" I looked helplessly at the three captors wanting them to understand. I saw the General's sad eyes and he slowly walked away. I could hear Joe's steps fading, I didn't have much longer before he was gone for good. \"Please,\" I begged. \"Absolutely not, Princess.\" Duchess demanded. \"Now you have a luncheon with the country economists.\" I opened my mouth, but it was no use. \"Let's get you changed.\"[Chapter 3] I couldn't think about anything except for what I'm giving up. Could my family really ask me I give up true happiness? Of course they could. \"As heir it comes with certain sacrifices,\" I could practically hear from my father. But isn't true love something that only comes once in a lifetime? Why doesn't anyone understand? My silence bothered those around my but I didn't care. I marched dutifully through the coliseum. \"Your Highness,\" I heard calling from behind me. The General gave me a face that I couldn't really distinguish. \"Yes, General?\" \"Please follow me,\" He ordered. He lead me to side office. Why? he seems so stern and I followed trying to figure out what he's up to. \"Gen-Joe!?\" I gasped there sitting at the desk looking confused and just as surprised as me. I looked between Joe and the General. The General smiled shyly, \"You did a brave thing by coming back, but I gave up true love once and look at me. You may not be able to keep it, but at least hold on to it for as long possible.\" \"General, I don't know what to say.\" I stepped out of character and hugged the sweet man. \"No need to say anything, just know that you have a sympathizer and champion.\" He kissed the top of my head and closed the door behind himself. I blinked praying that this wasn't a dream. Could he really be here? My Joe, the one that I thought I'd lost forever? I turned slowly to face him again. He got to his feet; his arms wrapped around my waist where they should stay from now on, and my arms locked around his neck holding him close. \"Ann, \" he sighed. His breath hot on my neck. \"Oh Joe,\" I cried. Tears of joy were sliding down my cheeks. \"How are you here?\" \"You know, I'm not exactly sure. I finally came to grips that you weren't coming after me, and as I left the Throne Room a guard stopped me. Next thing I know I'm being deposited in this office and the General is giving me a lecture on your duties.\" \"Really?\" I chuckled. His hand went to my hair and he played with my curls. \"Yeah, just when I thought he would kick me out he changed his demeanor and asked about how I felt about you.\" I flashed him a weak smile, realizing that we've only known each other twenty-four hours. Is that really enough time to develop feelings of a lashing measure? Could this be a passing fancy? \"What did you say?\" He kiss my hand, my cheek, and finally my lips. His kiss sent shivers up my spine and my constrictor arms pulled him closer. He pulled away, his eyes half closed and nose touching mine, he answered, \"I told him I fell in love with a well-dressed, well-read beauty that made herself at home in my apartment, my pajamas and my heart.\" My smile grew along with my confidence. I pulled him in for another bolder kiss. I knew in my heart this is where I truly belonged. But as that beautiful thought entered it became crowded by demands of my place and guilt for thinking of myself not my country. A single tear of hatred and regret slid down my country. A single tear of hatred and regret slid down my check. \"That better be a tear of joy,\" He whispered. \"What are we going to do, Joe?\" I laid my head to his chest as he pulled me tight. \"Well if you country would have me-\" \"No, I couldn't ask you to do that.\" \"Joe, you should know better than anyone about how I have to live my life. I couldn't ask you to join me in that type of scrutiny.\" \"Once again you didn't. But I must know... do you love me as much as I love you?\" Sighing in the comfort of his embrace, I snuggled deeper in his arms. \"Oh, so much more.\" He chuckled, \"I'm not sure about that, but at least now we have a place to start.\" \"Do you think we can make this work?\" \"I'd bet my life on it,\" He announced. \"Life is a pretty high bargain.\" I pointed out. With his finger under my chin he forced me to look at him. \"Life without you would be worthless anyway, so I'm all in. What about you?\" I kissed him soundly, as I pulled away I whispered, \"I'm all in.\" Fin. Comment, Critique, and tell me what you think. I love Roman Holiday and this is how I always wanted it to end. ","Summary":" It's so completely unsatisfying knowing something was within my grasp and I couldn't really have it"},{"Movie":"Ant Bully","Title":"Tiffany Terror","Author":"Major144","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12927246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tiffany Terror Chapter 1 Swallow By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. This is just a story for fun. Lucas yawned as he woke up beneath the ant hill. The shrunken by yawned as he scratched his back and looked at the improvised shirt he made for himself out of molted ant skin. It felt good having something covering his chest. The article of clothing made Lucas comfortable and less exposed. Today was going to be a big day for the shrunken human. He had convinced Hova and the few other ant friends to journey into his house to get jellybeans. Lucas also needed to get into the house to use the phone to cancel the exterminator. He could tell the ants about the exterminator and try to convince them to return him to his normal size to stop the exterminator, but that might not work. Zoc might use the news to dissect Lucas, or the ants might try to eat him out of anger. Lucas decided his current plan was the best one. Hova, Fugax, and Kreela soon met up with Lucas and the little group set out to the house. On the way there, they encountered Lucas's sister Tiffany sitting out in the yard on a lawn chair, wearing a swimsuit top and shorts. Tiffany was jamming out to some music on a radio and singing. Next to Tiffany on the ground was a soda can, a bag of chips, and a little bowl of ranch dip. As Lucas's group got closer to Tiffany and her setup, Lucas's stomach growled in hunger as he caught a whiff of the chips. Lucas and the others decided to help themselves to the chips. The ants managed to sneak some chips, while Lucas grabbed a chip that was roughly the size of his head and went over to the dip. The boy was able to climb up the bowl and managed to scrape some ranch dip from the sides. He took a bite of the chip enjoying the taste of human food. It was then Lucas lost his balance and fell into the ranch dip with a splash. Lucas went under for a few seconds then spluttered to the surface covered in dip. He licked some dip from his arms as his friends called out to him. Lucas tried to swim his way out, but was making very little progress. Tiffany then reached down and picked up the dip and the chips. She grabbed a particular large chip and scooped up some dip. Unfortunately for Lucas he had been scooped up by the chip and found himself heading towards Tiffany's open mouth. Lucas's eyes bulged in fear and he screamed at the top of his micro lungs. \"TIFFANY! DON'T EAT ME!\" Unfortunately Lucas's screams could not be heard by his sister. Tiffany popped the chip in her mouth and began chewing. Lucas was in the mouth and he just barely avoided being crushed by the mashing teeth that sounded like boulders hitting each other when they collided. Lucas was flung to the top of the mouth and sent crashing to the bottom. He desperately tried to get up to try to escape, but he just kept being thrown around by Tiffany's chewing. It was like an insane bounce house in Tiffany's mouth. In a matter of seconds Lucas was covered in chewed up chip, dip, and salvia. It was then things went from bad to worse. Tiffany began to swallow. Lucas felt himself slid back towards his sister's throat. He tried to grab onto anything to stop himself, but it was no use. Lucas and the food reached the back of the throat and they were sent down the esophagus. Lucas felt the muscles of the esophagus pull him down as everything became dark and all he could do was scream. \"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!\" GULP! A small barely noticeable lump went down Tiffany's throat and vanished into her chest. Lucas shot down a slimy tube and then he felt himself exit and fall for several seconds before he hit the bottom of the stomach with a tiny splash. Splash! Lucas tried to stand up, but the ground beneath him was like mud, since it was chewed up food and juices and fell onto his back. The boy was surrounded by complete darkness and the air was filled with a rancid smell. Lucas had been swallowed by his sister and now he was in her stomach like food. The boy shivered in fear as the weight of his situation set in. To be continued.[Chapter 2] Tiffany Terror Chapter 2 Belch By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. This is just a story for fun. Tiffany sat sunbathing as she sung along to a song on the radio. Every now and then she would drum her hands on her belly along with the beat. It was a perfectly normal day for her, though not so normal for Lucas. Lucas was inside Tiffany's stomach trying to figure out how to get out. It was pitch black in the stomach, which Lucas was partially grateful for since, he didn't want to see the stomach walls or the food mush and juices he was moving around in. Lucas could faintly hear his sister singing and he could hear the drumming on her belly, which boomed like thunder inside the stomach. These noises filled Lucas with dread and it made him desperately try to figure out a solution to his current problem. Outside Tiffany ran out of chips and decided to go into the house to get some more snacks. She got up and did a little dance into the house shaking Lucas around in her stomach a little. On the ground Hova, Fuax, and Kreela were looking in the dip bowl trying to find Lucas, but saw no sign of him. It didn't take the three ants long to figure out what happened to the shrunken human and where he was. \"Well his dead. Lets head back to the hill.\" Said Fuax prepared to leave. \"No! We're not leaving him. We need to save him.\" Said Hova. \"And how exactly are we supposed to do that?\" Asked Kreela. \"I have an idea.\" Said Hova before she ran off to the hill. In the house Tiffany made her way to the kitchen and popped some jellybeans into her mouth, chewed them up and swallowed. The food went into her stomach and sent Lucas scrambling as it fell around. Feeling satisfied Tiffany did a few dance moves and started to head back outside. Outside Hova had grabbed a large Alka Root and a small glowing stone from Zoc's workshop and raced back to her friends. Hova then climbed up the soda can Tiffany had been drinking from and dropped into liquid inside. The Alka Root hit the liquid and began to deteriorate and make the liquid bubble and fizz. Hova swam above the liquid and looked up at the surface, through the top of the can. Tiffany returned to her seat and picked the soda can up to drink. Hova held her breath as she got sucked in with some soda. Tiffany took a swig and swallowed Hova along with some soda. In the stomach, Lucas heard something coming from above and looked up just as the soda came down. Lucas got drenched and swallowed some of the soda as he was knocked down into the mush and juices. He pushed himself up groaning as his belly groaned and gurgled. Lucas put his hands to his belly in confusion and then he belched. \"Uuuuurrrppp!\" \"Is that you Lucas?\" Called Hova. Lucas turned to see Hova coming towards him carrying a faint light. The boy was overjoyed to see the ant and he hugged her. Hova hugged Lucas back and told him everything was going to be ok as the stomach juices began to bubble. Outside Tiffany was still jamming out and singing, when she felt her stomach rumble and she looked down at it confusion. A pressure rose up in her chest and up her throat and then Tiffany let out a gigantic belch. \"Uuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrpppppp!\" Out flew Lucas and Hova. They flew a few feet and landed in the grass as Tiffany covered her mouth and blushed in embarrassment. \"Praise the Mother!\" Whooped Fugax. The ants joined up with their friends to continue their quest. Lucas was incredible happy to be free and felt confident with his mission and friends. The End. ","Summary":" Tiffany Terror Chapter 1 Swallow By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. This is just a stor"},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Papa Elf-Extended scene","Author":"burtonfan422","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13124699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Elves love to tell stories. I-I'll bet you didn't know that about elves. There's, uh, probably a lot of things you didn't know about elves. Another, another interesting, uh, elfism, uh, there are only three jobs available to an elf. The first is making shoes at night while, you know, while the old cobbler sleeps,\" began Papa Elf [ Cuts to elves doing work on the cobbler's shoes while the cobbler snores with his head on the table ] Disgruntled Cobbler Elf : Lazy bum! Couldn't even make a clog! \"You can bake cookies in a tree. [ Cuts to exterior view of a tree, which bursts into flames ] \"As you can imagine, it's, uh, dangerous having an oven in an oak tree during the dry season,\" Papa Elf continued. [ the elves inside run out screaming ] Tree Elf : I want to make shoes! \"Before I get to the final job, I think I should mention that we had two other jobs available to us, that we can no longer do. One of them was fighting alongside men against orcs,\" Papa Elf continued [ Cuts to a battle scene with elves and men fighting monstrous creatures in battle] Elf Warrior: I've got your back! \"Well, after too many years of peace, our height went down, so we are no longer fit for battle. Another job that was available to us was working in a wealthy wizard's home, doing household chores [ Cuts to a badly dressed elf vacuuming ] House Elf: You'd think this guy could just magic the vacuum to do the work itself. \"Well, tragically, many elves who took that position were badly mistreated. Fortunately, after a rights movement was passed, we are fortunately no longer in that field. Finally, the third job, some call it, uh, \"the show\" or \"the big dance,\" it's the profession that every elf aspires to. And that is to build toys in Santa's workshop. ","Summary":" \"Elves love to tell stories. I-I'll bet you didn't know that about elves. There's, uh, probably a "},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Continue","Author":"Littlesj","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9107672","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Continue Tag(s) : Lee Donghae, Lee Sungmin, Lee Hyuk Jae, Jung Soo-Yeon (Jessica), Lee Soon-Kyu (Sunny) Genre : Romantic, Friendship, Angst Rating : T Author's note: halo readers, mian ya kalo ancur, semua hasil ff saya emang ancur, hehe. Ini bagian angstnya ada di part part selanjutnya. ini BUKAN HOMO pairing ya kawan^^. jangan lupa komen ya. Hehe sip deh, dadaah silahkan baca._. Rintik air itu terus menembus angan. Dentuman awan itu menggelegar dalam goa. Awan kumulus berabu menutupi sang cakrawala. Donghae pulang dengan wajah tak wajar. Baju yang ia kenakan sobek-sobek. Tak memakai sepatu. Dan pelipisnya mengeluarkan darah. \"DONGHAE-YAH!\" Jerit sang ibu setelah membukakan pintu yang kian menunggu anak pertamanya. \"Kau kenapa, Donghae-yah? Apa kau di lukai seseorang? Apa kau dimintai uang? Apa kau di perkosa?\" \"Ne eomma. Aku di gencet.\" Balas Donghae seraya meletakkan dirinya diatas sofa yang empuk. Sang ibu lari tergopoh-gopoh untuk mencari baskom. Menyediakan air hangat serta serbet. \"Aku di gencet kakak kelas.\" \"Bagaimana itu bisa terjadi? Memangnya kau salah apa nak?\" Dengan sangat panik, sang ibu meletakkan baskom itu di samping lututnya yang terlipat. \"Aku hanya...\" Donghae terlihat diam, \"aku hanya lewat tengah lapangan. Dan Leeteuk hyung langsung menyergapku bersama kedua temannya.\" \"Siapa dua temannya itu?\" Memeras serbet, lantas mengarahkannya ke pelipis Donghae. \"Aw! Aw!\" Dengan refleks, Donghae menepis tangan ibunya. Tapi dengan pantang menyerah, sang ibu tetap mengobati anak kesayangannya. \"Heechul hyung dan Kangin hyung.\" \"Apa kedua anak itu terkenal jahat?\" Ujar ibu tetap membersihkan luka di wajah anaknya. Sementara adik Donghae, Lee Sungmin, keluar dari kamar dengan lucunya berjalan seraya mengucak-ucak matanya. Sungmin masih berumur dua tahun. Prediksi Donghae dan ibunya, Sungmin akan terlihat lucu saat 20 tahun nanti. Umur yang sudah dewasa, tapi wajah yang masih super imut. Donghae dan ibunya bisa dikatakan sangat akur. Begitu pula Sungmin dan Donghae. Tak sekalipun mereka bertengkar masalah cokelat panas dan marshmallow yang dilumuri vanilla cream. Donghae selalu mengalah apapun untuk adik tercintanya. Keluarga ini sangat akur, dan bahagia. \"Sebenarnya... Iya. Tapi aku memang belum membuktikannya. Tapi gencetan ini sudah sangat membuktikanku.\" Jawab Donghae seraya menggendong Sungmin ke pangkuannya. Sang ibu beranjak pindah dan duduk di sebelah anaknya. Mengelus rambutnya dan memandangi anaknya. Matanya bengkak, keningnya sobek. Terlihat seperti habis di timpuk dengan batu bata. Ya. Memang. \"Tapi mengapa bajumu sampai sobek-sobek begini?\" \"Mereka bertiga saling berebut untuk mencekekku. Sehingga mereka menarik-narik bajuku sampai sobek begini.\" \"Anak eomma yang malang.\" Cibir sang ibu dalam diam. Donghae beranjak memeluk ibundanya. Dengan sangat hangat ia mengatakan \"Aku akan baik-baik saja eomma. Aku janji.\" Dan butiran kristal itupun mulai menelusuri pipi indahnya. \"Ya! Donghae-yah! Wajahmu masih hancur!\" Sapa Eunhyuk yang dengan kebetulan datangnya bersamaan dengan Donghae. \"Ne. Aku kan keren.\" Balas Donghae enteng. \"Apa itu tidak sakit? Kau tidak ingin balas dendam?\" Tanya Eunhyuk polos. \"Balas dendam?\" Donghae memalingkan wajahnya dari jalan dan tertawa remeh, \"untuk apa? Nanti mereka juga dapat balasannya.\" \"Wah! Donghae-yah ternyata anak bijak!\" Seru Eunhyuk menepuk-nepuk pundak Donghae. Donghae tersenyum penuh bangga. Sesampainya di dalam kelas, kekasihnya Jessica sudah menunggunya diambang pintu dan menyambutnya dengan dorongan nafsu. Terlalu dekat dan Donghae yakin kalau Jessica hendak menciumnya. Dengan cepat Donghae menepis wajah Jessica dari hadapannya. Wajah Jessica berubah menjadi tomat, sementara Donghae hanya meninggalkannya dengan santai dan duduk di bangkunya. \"Bagaimana kemarin? Apa kau bisa melawannya?\" \"Donghae-yah! Apa kau selamat dari celaka itu?\" \"Donghae! Apa kau terluka?\" \"Dimana mereka melawanmu?\" \"Siapa yang memicu pertengkaran itu?!\" Beribu pertanyaan menyambut Donghae pagi ini. Hampir seisi kelas sibuk menanyakan hal yang sama tentang insiden kemarin. Sementara Donghae hanya duduk dan tersenyum meriah. \"STOP!\" Eunhyuk menggema. \"Dilarang mendekat. Shoo! Pergi jauh-jauh dari Donghae!\" Pintanya sembarang. \"Kau kenapa hyuk-ah?\" Tanya Donghae yang justru bingung. \"Kau tidak perlu mengusir mereka kalau memang pertanyaan itu penting bagi mereka.\" Eunhyuk tercengang. \"Oke. Apa perlu aku panggilkan semuanya untuk kesini lagi?\" \"Bodoh. Untuk apa?! Sudah-sudah. Abaikan saja dan duduk di tempat semula. Kasihan Sunny, tempat duduknya kau ambil.\" Ujar Donghae yang super baik hati. \"Sunny? Tempat duduk? Oh! Oh mianhae Sunny-ah!\" Ujar Eunhyuk beranjak pergi dari bangku Sunny. Sunny adalah murid paling diam. Kalau orang yang tidak kenal dekat dengannya pasti mengira kalau dia bisu. Tapi justru suara Sunny sangat lucu. 'Suara cempreng yang menyerupai terompet bengkok.' Begitu kata Donghae mengenai suara Sunny. Tapi justru Donghae adalah salah satu orang yang menjadi tempat ocehan Sunny yang menggemaskan. Jadi intinya, Donghae dan Sunny itu sangat dekat. Mereka bisa dikatakan sepasang sahabat. \"Tumben rambutmu tidak di kepang?\" Sapa Donghae memulai pembicaraan. Sunny mendekatkan tempat duduknya ke Donghae. \"Kunciranku hilang.\" \"Oh begitu rupanya?\" Sunny mengangguk mantap. \"Oppa. Sebenarnya apa yang terjadi padamu kemarin?\" Donghae tertawa kecil, \"tidak penting untuk orang sepertimu.\" \"Tapi apa salahnya?\" \"Yaaa pokoknya hanya sekedar perkelahian.\" Jujur Donghae. \"Diluar atau didalam sekolah?\" \"Diluar.\" \"Oh.\" Dan kini keduanya diam. Siapa yang akan mulai bicara? \"Tapi aku suka gaya rambutmu digerai. Kau jadi terlihat seperti seorang puteri. Coba kau tambahkan flowerclown.\" Donghae memandang Sunny lekat-lekat. Mata berbinar, lebih berbinar daripada saat ia melihat Jessica yang mengenakan kaos ketat. \"Jjinja? Ah oppa. Kalau aku pakai flowerclown nanti malah diambil Jessica.\" Ujarnya pelan. Sekilas Donghae melirik Jessica. Di mana ia sedang memerhatikan Donghae dan Sunny lekat-lekat. \"Ne. Bahkan kau akan terlihat lebih cantik dari Jessica.\" Gelegar Donghae. Ia terlihat sangat santai. Sesantai orang yang sedang berjemur dipantai, dan tak sadar kalau baberquenya sudah hangus. \"Oppa jangan kencang-kencang! Lagi pula itu tidak mungkin oppa. Menurut angket kelas saja Jessica sudah tercantik terperfect tak terkalahkan. Dikalahkan oleh Yoona saja belum. Apa lagi aku?\" Balas Sunny tak kalah nyolot. Donghae terdiam sejenak. \"Iya juga sih. Jessica kan wanita terperfect.\" Donghae menoleh ke Jessica yang sedang tersenyum meriah. Dan donghae mengedipkan mata kanannya seolah-olah laki-laki nakal. \"Oppa itu menjijikan. Oke ini sudah hampir pukul 7. Aku takut songsaenim masuk secara tiba-tiba lagi seperti kemarin. Dan kelas kita kena hukuman karena masih berantakkan.\" Ujar Sunny membenarkan posisi tempat duduknya dan mengeluarkan buku fisika bertebalan 2513 halaman dengan cover super keras dan tulisan super kecil. Mengambil kaca mata jumbo yang membantunya dalam membaca. Sunny lebih terlihat imut kalau seperti ini. \"Oppa!\" Jessica. Datang secara tiba-tiba menggoyah lamunan Donghae tentang Sunny. Dan perasaan 'itu' belum sampai ke hypotalamus-nya. Baru saja sampai sum sum tulang belakang. \"Gomawo sudah mengakui keperfectanku.\" \"Kau memang perfect honey.\" Balas Donghae dengan muka mesum. Sip. \"Oke oppa gomawo.\" Dan kecupan itu mendarat di pipi kanan Donghae. Jessica berlari ke bangkunya dengan cepat, sementara Donghae menghapus bekas bibir Jessica. Sunny tersenyum kecil. \"Kau belum puas akan ini?!\" JDRAK! \"Kau! Dasar anak sialan!\" PRAAK! Tamparan itu mendarat di pipinya. Hidung nya mengeluarkan darah. Kini kerahnya ditarik hingga ia harus jinjit untuk menyamakannya. \"Donghae-yah! Cukup! Aku menyerah! Aku minta maaf atas segalanya!\" \"Minta maaf?! Minta maaf untuk apa?! Aku tidak akan pernah memaafkanmu!\" PRAK! \"Donghae-yah! Aku mohon! Jangan sakiti aku!\" Lengan Donghae yang kian kuat kini mulai memuai. Matanya terpejam dan menarik nafas panjang. \"Leeteuk-ah. Kalau kau dan teman-temanmu itu ingin melaporkan ulahku, lebih baik kau gali dulu kuburanmu!\" \"Aku... Sebenarnya... Heechulie yang... Mengidekan itu!\" Ujar Leeteuk terbata-bata. Donghae melepaskan Leeteuk. Sikap yang super seram itu tidak menutup kemungkinan untuknya yang disangka orang super baik. Dengan cepat Leeteuk mundur hingga dirinya terpojok di tumpu loker. Kakak kelas yang super pintar dan lugu ini tidak pernah mencari masalah dengan adik kelas yang super keterlaluan ini. Tubuhnya yang cukup kerdil sangat memungkinkan dirinya untuk dijauhkan. Heechul. Pria tampan yang mengenai kacamata bundar dengan ketebalan setengah senti. Baju kemeja yang selalu di kancing pada bagian paling atas, dan sepatu yang selalu bersih mengkilap. Sementara Kangin. Seorang jagoan dari duo payah tadi. Rambut yang selalu basah dan disisir rapih ke belakang. Dasi kencang yang nyaris membunuhnya dengan sebuah pin yang bertuliskan 'jangan bunuh saya' di kiri jas sekolahnya. Semua kelihatan hebat. Seperti jagoan. Mereka seolah-olah orang yang nyaris membunuh Donghae. Mereka sangat kuat! Tidak. Tidak. Sama sekali. \"Aku... Tapi... Mereka mengiyakan. Jadi... Jangan... Jangan bunuh Kangin.\" Ucap Heechul cepat. Langkahnya terus mundur hingga ia sampai di pojok kelas. \"Kangin? Siapa yang mau membunuh Kangin? Aku ingin membunuhmu!\" Balas Donghae tanpa ragu. Kini Donghae terkesan seperti tuhan yang sudah yakin akan ajal Heechul. \"Ya... Aku tahu... Tunggu, aku bukan tahu. Aku manusia. Dan aku-\" \"-HEECHULIE! ADA SONGSAENIM! AYO KITA laporr...kan.\" Kangin tertegun. \"Ehehe. Hai.\" Melambai. Dan pergi. \"KAANGIINN-AH! TUNGGU KAU!\" Ujar Donghae menyeringai. Ia berlari sekencang kuda. Sementara Heechul ikut berlari menghampiri Leeteuk. \"Leeteuk hyung. Gwenchana?\" Ujarnya pelan. \"Nae gwenchana.\" Balasnya dengan senyuman. \"Kanginie. Kita harus bantu dia!\" Cibir Heechul merunduk dalam. \"Kau? Ingin membantu? Maksudmu kau ingin menggali kuburan?\" \"Kuburan? Tidak. Aku ingin buktikan pada adik kelas itu kalau kita ini tidak sepayah yang ia pikirkan!\" Ujar Heechul penuh semangat. Tak peduli apa sebenarnya yang ia pikirkan. Kangin adalah teman baiknya. Ia pikir ia akan terlihat penghianat kalau ia hanya membiarkan Donghae membunuhnya. \"Lagi pula aku tidak yakin, Donghae itu akan membunuh Kangin. Otaknya masih terlalu kecil. Bagaimana kalau kita...\" Leeteuk terdiam. \"Oo...\" Dan Leeteuk tersenyum licik. Sementara Donghae berada di genggamannya. \"Perhatian-perhatian. Panggilan untuk Lee Donghae, di panggil ke ruang guru. Sekali lagi. Panggilan untuk Lee Donghae. Di harapkan segera ke ruang guru terima kasih.\" Leeteuk menyeringai hebat. \"Saya tahu kalau kamu yang mulai perkelahiannya!\" \"Aniyo! Saya hanya lewat dan mereka menyerangnya!\" \"Kau lewat dengan menyiram slushee ke wajah mereka bukan?! Itu sama saja pabbo!\" \"Aniyo songsaenim! Aku kira dia Eunhyuk!\" \"Pabbo! Eunhyuk itu temanmu! Untuk apa kau menyiramnya dengan slushee?!\" \"Iii... Seng? Hihihi.\" PLAK! \"Aku sudah tahu kau bermasalah dengan anak-anak DoJu. Tapi JANGAN PERNAH mencari perkelahian dengan siswa sana. Arraseo?!\" Mata donghae menajam. Wajahnya tertunduk sedikit dan tangannya di kepal. \"Aniya.\" PLAK! Tamparan kedua. \"KAU?! Mau di skors?!\" Donghae diam tertegun. Otaknya berputar 720 derajat, dan kini ia menghadap dengan penuh teguh pendirian. \"Kenapa tidak?\" To be continue... ","Summary":" Title : Continue Tag(s) : Lee Donghae, Lee Sungmin, Lee Hyuk Jae, Jung Soo-Yeon (Jessica), Lee Soon"},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"The Jello of Doom","Author":"Writting2StayHalfSane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5261645","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Half credit goes to my brother .crayons . This is something that came about when we were being crazy at midnight. The phone rang and Buddy cheerfully skipped to pick it up. \"Buddy the Elf. What's your favorite color?\" There was dead air for a long moment before a rasping, eerie voice answered, \"Red.\" \"Really?\" he exclaimed joyfully. \"That is a very interesting choice. Coincidentally that is the exact same color of my favorite flavor of jello.\" The rasping voice on the other end laughed mechanically. \"Oh, yes. The jello of DOOM ! \" Buddy giggled. \"hehe…that's a funny word. Doom. Hehe…\" There was once again dead air on the other end for the eerie voice did not know what to say. \"Doom\" he blurted out and then the dial tone sounded. Buddy shrugged and skipped away muttering 'doom' to himself followed by bouts of laughter. A/N: Kinda random, but I love the idea of someone evil having their evil plans foiled by an obnoxious person. :D ","Summary":" A/N: Half credit goes to my brother .crayons . This is something that came about when we were being"},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Buddy's Surprise","Author":"Irilia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6218948","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Buddy slowly popped his head around the corner, and, realizing no one was there, jumped for joy, hitting his head on the ceiling and bringing down some garlands of snowflakes he'd created earlier. Buddy rubbed his head and started clapping with glee, doing knee highs. He could hardly wait to start making his surprise! Where was he going to find the wood? He could go out and get some, but the scary people with the whistles got mad at him when he tried to chop down a tree earlier. They'd told him that it was \"illegal.\" Against the \"law\". What was a law anyways, he'd asked. The man with the whistle just told him to go home after shaking his head and laughing. Buddy looked through the whole house looking for wood, cautious as to not disturb the Hobbs as they slept. He finally saw where his wood should come from. \"The wood that black box with all the pretty pictures resting on it!\" He said to himself as he got to work with his saw. The pretty box came crashing to the floor. \"Oh no! I broke the pretty box!\" He thought. He quickly grabbed some garlands and set them over the pretty box. It always made him feel better if someone broke something of his and then made it pretty to make up for it. A couple of hours later, Buddy was finished with his masterpiece. He sat up in glee. But it wasn't decorated! How would he decorate it? He had an epiphany. String and buttons from Susan's room, of course! Creeping in, he opened a box that had \"Replacement Buttons for Clothes\" What did THAT mean? From what he gathered, he'd have to replace them. Oh well. He'd get one of those jobs that Walter had! He'd run a survey company. That way he could answer the phone all day with, \"Buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?\" That is what a survey company does, right? He found a big tube of glue that said \"Superglue\" On the side. Superglue? Buddy thought. Well, if it's super it must work! He \"Super glued\" the buttons to the chair as well as the string. Finished with his creation, he started clapping again, ready to go to sleep. Suddenly, he couldn't get his hands apart. Buddy panicked, trying everything painful to get them apart. After trying to melt, then freeze the glue off, then trying to cut it off (even though he couldn't hold a pair of scissors) Buddy finally gave up. Buddy went to sleep with his hands nestled under his cheeks and hoped that the \"Superglue\" would give super powers. Author's note: So I tried to be funny, but I don't think it was that funny, really. :P But review please! :D ","Summary":" Buddy slowly popped his head around the corner, and, realizing no one was there, jumped for joy, hi"},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Bajo las Alas de las Sombras","Author":"deniisse.vale0152","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12829975","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -¡Lessien!-. Gritó Amras sujetando mi brazo a lo cual ambos gritamos desgarradoramente al sentir nuestras pieles corromper y purificar. -¡Amras ya déjame! ¡Entiende esto es lo único que se ser! ¡No soy nada más que una ninfa para ti y tu especie! ¡No valgo nada más que tres deseos!-. Gritó con lágrimas en mis ojos cubriendo con mi mano la zona corrompida de mi piel, sintiendo la furia y el dolor en mi corazón, estaba cansada de mi vida, de mi destino, ¡De mi existencia! -¡Mirame como me tienen Amras! ¡Mira como me tienes tu! ¡No fuiste nada más que la carnada para mi, mi bondades, mi ingenuidad! ¡Me engañaste y me trajiste aquí fingiendo ser mi amigo! ¡Quiero mi libertad Amras! Quiero mis alas... Quiero a mi familia...-. Agarró las cadenas de los grilletes de mis muñecas y con fuerza empiezo a jalar de ellos dañando mis muñecas hasta sentir la calidez de mi sangre deslizarse por ellas, no me importaba nada, estaba cansada, triste, herida, mi cuerpo estaba exhausto, mis alas estaban destrozadas... mi brillo se había perdido... ¿Porqué yo debía ser tan miserable? ¿Porqué el ser tan valiosa a su vez me hacía tan poco valiosa? Estaba tan sumergida en mis pensamientos que no me había dado cuenta de que golpeaba mi frente contra la pared entre pequeños quejidos y sollozos hasta sentir nuevamente ese horrible dolor desgarrador en casi todo mi cuerpo... Amras me estaba abrazando... -¡Lessien ya cállate! ¡No entiendes que esto para mi también es una maldita tortura! ¡Nada fue un engaño, quería protegerte, quería ayudarte a huir!-. -¡Eso no es cierto Amras! Tu me trajiste aquí... Tu escolta asesino la aldea de quienes me acojieron!-. -¡LESSIEN HE CUIDADO DE TI DURANTE MUCHO TIEMPO!-. -¡Y A QUE PRECIO AMRAS! ¡Estoy prisionera! Todo sólo han sido engaños...-. Me he enamorado de ti! ¡QUÉ NO LO VEZ! ¡¡¡¡AAAAAHHHH!!!! ¡Quiero sacarte de aquí! ¡Quiero... ahhhhh!-. Amras se abalanzó sobre mi y sentí como sujetaba mi rostro con sus manos... y como sus labios se juntaban con los míos... estaba... estaba... Amras que haces... No tomo mucho tiempo el abrir mis ojos horrorizada. -¡Amras! ¡Amras! ¡¡¡AAAAHHHHH!!! ¡Amras sueltame!-. Mi piel se estaba comenzando a quemar poco a poco provocando un dolor infernal... le miraba desesperada a los ojos... sus ojos celeste cristalinos... irradiaban dolor... amor... desesperación... pero... sentía mi rostro desgarrarse y como la corrupción poco a poco me iba destruyendo y como el estaba en mi misma situación, su rostro... ¡su piel! ¡Se estaba purificando! -¡LESSIEN!-. Sentí como se apartaba de mi bruscamente y ambos caíamos al suelo de rodillas gravemente heridos... mire a Amras de reojo posando mis manos también en el suelo por la debilidad y el me miro a mi, sentí un escalofrío recorrer mi cuerpo y un pánico gobernarme junto al terror... Los ojos de amras de habían vuelto carmesí... sus uñas se habían vuelto garras y sus colmillos crecieron enormemente... se transformaba nuevamente en su extraña naturaleza élfica... Mientras que su piel poco a poco se purificaba, sin detenerse... -A...Amras...-. Me abrazo con mis débiles alas y con cuidado retrocedo con ayuda de mis piernas. -Le...ss...-. Mire como este caía rendido al suelo mientras que mi contacto le seguía purificando su cuerpo y rostro, ¿Qué podía hacer? ¡¿Qué?! Yo... no... no podía hacer nada... Por estar tan preocupada en Amras olvide el estado tan deteriorado de mi cuerpo debido a la corrupción que Amras había provocadl en mi... ocasionando en mi también la inconciencia... ¿Porqué? Porqué... ¡Buenas, Buenas! Soy DeniiDms y está es una pequeña introducción a un fanfic que deseo subir, si logró tener mucho apoyo lo subiré para ustedes de príncipio a fin... Espero les guste! Amras: Crees que les interese nuestra historia? Ohhh no lo sé mi pequeño personaje, puede que sí! Hasta pronto!!! - ","Summary":" -¡Lessien!-. Gritó Amras sujetando mi brazo a lo cual ambos gritamos desgarradoramente al sentir nu"},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Shopping W Buddy","Author":"vanessaswann13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11093147","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This just came to me for some reason. I just imagined what if Jovie & Buddy went to a grocery store. What would they buy? Hope you like! \"Hey Buddy, we need to go to the store. We're out of syrup.\" Jovie said. \"No syrup? NO SYRUP! That's terrible! What's a store Jovie.\" Buddy said. So Jovie & Buddy drove in Jovie's Cadillac to Ralphs. \"Jovie look at all of the syrup!\" \"Ok Buddy, its important to stay calm. There's a ton of stuff that retailers will try to suck you into.\" \"Ok Jovie. OH MY GOSH THEY HAVE 40 KINDS OF SPAGHETTI!\" Jovie face-palmed. *30 minutes later* \"But Jovie, we NEED lunchables! They have smoothie kerbobbles! Which isn't even a word!\" \"Buddy… i'm gonna go get some Coke, you just grab your syrup & spaghetti & whatever and meet me at checkout.\" \"Ok Jovie! Ooh this toilet paper has a teddy bear on it!\" *10 minutes later* \"Buddy did you enjoy your first trip to the grocery store?\" \"Yes Jovie… but you know what'd be better?\" \"What Buddy?\" \"A sugar store!\" Author's Note: Hope you liked! Jovie & Buddy are such a cute pair! Reviews appreciated! ","Summary":" Author's Note: This just came to me for some reason. I just imagined what if Jovie & Buddy went to "},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Elf","Author":"disneyprincess23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9853029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"That was the best three hours of making snow angels I've ever had!\" Buddy sang as he danced through the door into Jovie's apartment. \"Yeah, I didn't know there were so many techniques you use,\" Jovie commented. \"Of course! Although I have to say, you make the most beautiful snow angels I've ever seen.\" \"Thanks Buddy,\" Jovie said, smiling and closing the door behind them. \"I love how toasty it is in here, I feel like I could we could roast marshmallows and eat s'mores!\" \"Do you always think about sweets,\" she laughed. \"Not always. I like to think about Christmas, and sometimes about my home back at the North Pole, but now I mostly just think of you.\" \"Why is that, Buddy?\" she asked, taking off her scarf and gloves. \"Well, I pretty much think you're the most wonderful person in the whole entire world. And you're more beautiful than a whole tree full of Christmas lights. Plus, I feel warm when I think of you and I like feeling warm and toasty inside.\" \"Yes, as we've already established.\" \"So what do you want to do now? Should we eat cookie dough? Oh! We could sing Christmas songs! Or-\" \"Um, Buddy? I have an idea of something we could do.\" \"Oh of course, you can pick this time!\" \"Okay, but we have to do it in the bedroom.\" \"Oh, okay. Are we going to snuggle?\" Buddy asked excitedly, walking into the bedroom and climbing into bed. \"Um…sort of.\" Jovie turned off the light and laid down in bed next to him. \"It's awfully dark in here. Should I turn on the light?\" \"Nope, it's supposed to be dark. That makes the snuggling more special.\" \"Oh, I didn't know that. You're so smart Jovie,\" Buddy said, wrapping his arms around her and nuzzling her head. \"Thanks. Hey, remember how we kissed before?\" \"Of course, I think about it all time!\" \"Well…how about we try it again.\" \"In bed? I didn't even know you could do that!\" \"Well you can, with special people.\" Buddy nodded, feeling like he now had a greater understanding for life. He leaned down and pecked her on the lips. \"Oh, you're right! It does feel very special, even in bed!\" Jovie smiled and kissed him again, this time not pulling away after just a peck. She kissed him a few times, parting their lips slightly, and then pulled away. \"What was that?\" Buddy asked excitedly. \"That's another kind of kissing. Do you like it?\" Buddy smiled sheepishly and then leaned in to kiss her again. \"I love it!\" Jovie bit her lip, and then slyly said, \"Hey Buddy? I know a very special kind of snuggling. Do you want to try it?\" \"A new kind of snuggling? I am so glad I found you so you could teach me all these things!\" \"You have to close your eyes though,\" she warned, slowly adjusting her pants. \"A surprise! Okay!\" Buddy exclaimed, closing his eyes happily and smiling in anticipation. He waited, and felt Jovie fixing his tights. She was so thoughtful, always making sure he looked just right. And she always… \"Son of a Nutcracker!\" Buddy yelled. Jovie quickly leaned down and kissed him. He kissed her back, eyes open wide. \"Jovie!\" he yelped when she pulled away, \"Something is going to happen!\" She just smiled and continued her special snuggling. Suddenly, Buddy's gasped. \"It happened.\" Jovie just laughed and kissed him again. \"How was it?\" \"That was the single most wonderful thing that I has ever happened to me! Can we snuggle like that again?\" \"Sure, but first, let's eat cookie dough.\" \"Jovie!\" Buddy whined, following her out into the kitchen. \"I don't even like eating cookie dough that much!\" \"Don't be silly, Buddy. Then we can sing Christmas music, and then…\" ","Summary":" \"That was the best three hours of making snow angels I've ever had!\" Buddy sang as he danced thro"},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Fake","Author":"RainbowEyesandCupcakes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7100610","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My fourth drabble from my list of a hundred. Disclaimer: I don't own the film Elf for obvious reasons :) 4 – Fake Elf He had to be a fake. He had to be lying; there was no way he could be telling the truth. Walter ran a hand through his thinning hair as he paced back and forth. There was no way he had another son. Susan would have told him if he'd got her pregnant when they were still dating. Wouldn't she? Walter checked his watch for the fifth time, but it was as though time had stopped. Even if he did have another son, surely he wouldn't be unlucky enough to have one who thought he was an elf. Would he? ","Summary":" My fourth drabble from my list of a hundred. Disclaimer: I don't own the film Elf for obvious reaso"},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Thursday","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12767191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the craziest (and, dare she think it) best day of her life, not to mention the most interesting. She couldn't believe that she'd actually accepted a date to \"eat food\" with a grown man whose wardrobe consisted of an elf costume. Yes, it was official. She'd become that desperate. It wasn't as though men were beating down her door and besides, what was the harm in going out with Buddy? Gimble's Department store had fired him and yet he bravely showed up at the store (clad in his elf costume) with his little brother in tow. It was kind cute actually, the way his little brother was so helpful and supportive of Buddy's attempts to ask her out on a date, if not a bit odd. Michael couldn't have been more than ten. Odd, perhaps but sweet. Jovie wanted to decline the offer (oh how she wanted to say no), but when she looked into Buddy's disappointed eyes, her resolve crumbled. After he and Michael left the holiday department, and as Thursday drew closer, she found herself thinking about Buddy more and more. She smiled, as she looked up at the ceiling to admire the over-the top way that Buddy had decorated the department; with the gold streamers and intricate white paper snowflakes (how in the heck did he make them so complex and create them so quickly?), turning the whole place into a winter wonderland unlike any she'd ever seen. It looked a hundred times better than it had before, but she wouldn't admit it. For the first time in her life, coming to work was actually fun. It didn't make sense. She hated her job (hated it with a passion) and basically hated her boring life. But since Buddy had arrived and turned her world upside down, she found that she smiled more often and even laughed out loud; sometimes for no reason at all. It was completely and utterly insane… and she absolutely loved it. She began her routine early that Thursday; something she'd never done for any other date. She wasn't even sure that it was a date, but whatever it was, she could hardly wait for it to begin. When the door buzzer sounded, her heart skipped a beat and she opened the door. He stood there, eyes wide, smiling at her in flattering approval. Dressed in a fuzzy brown hat that covered his ears and a suit and tie complete with a very nice trench coat, he looked… miraculous. He certainly was the most interesting date she'd ever had the pleasure of being with. Never in her life had she skipped along the sidewalk, watched her date spin himself silly in the revolving door of a hotel or stop and gaze at every single Christmas tree imaginable within the span of Fifth Avenue. She'd lost count of how many there were and it amazed her that she had no idea New York City had so many Christmas trees in the first place. When he gazed at a particularly large (and very beautiful tree) she knew that she couldn't let the evening go by without showing him the biggest and best tree of all;' the one at Rockefeller Center. It was absolutely spectacular as always, but on that night even more so. As they ice skated hand in hand, he suddenly stopped, turned to her and then impulsively kissed her cheek. \"I'm sorry.\" He said by way of apology. But she could only smile. \"You missed.\" His eyebrows rose. \"What do you mean I missed?\" \"You missed.\" She repeated. And then she showed him exactly what she meant as she wrapped her arm around his neck and pulled him close to her until their lips touched. He stared at her for a second and then smiled before kissing her again. It was truly a magical moment. They stared at one another, neither of them able to believe what had happened. Around them the ice skaters floated by; twirling and gliding. But Jovey and Buddy only had eyes for each other. This was crazy; this was so crazy…. \"So what should we do now?\" Buddy asked, his voice breaking into her thoughts. \"Well, I am kind of hungry.\" She admitted. \"Oh my gosh that's right!\" he shouted. \"We're supposed to eat food! The code! Oh I can't believe that I forgot! Let's go right now! Where's the nearest candy store?\" She laughed and turned to face him. \"How about something more than candy canes?\" He grinned at this idea. \"Spaghetti?\" \"Spaghetti works for me.\" \"Great! Let's go right now!\" He took her hand and carefully led her off of the ice. But once they had their shoes on, they skipped down the sidewalk at a pace that even Jovie found difficult to keep up with. \"Buddy, what are you doing? Why are you going so fast?\" \"Hurry!\" He shouted. \"The spaghetti will be all gone!\" \"That's crazy!\" She replied breathlessly. \"There are hundreds of places in New York City to get spaghetti.\" Buddy's eyes widened. \"Really? Can we go to all of them?\" Again she laughed, realizing that she hadn't laughed this much since… well… ever! \"No. But I know a great place. Come on. (At the restaurant) \"Enjoy your meal.\" The waiter said, placing the two steaming plates of spaghetti in front of them. \"Will there be anything else?\" \"Do you have any syrup?\" Buddy asked. The waiter's eyebrows rose. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"Do you have any syrup?\" Buddy repeated. \"Um, sir… It's… spaghetti…\" The waiter replied. \"We don't have any-.\" \"Oh wait… I think I have some right-.\" Buddy reached into his suit sleeve but when he removed his hand, it was empty. And he looked as though he was about to cry. \"Darn, I don't have any.\" Feeling a sudden burst of sympathy for him, Jovie rubbed his back. \"It's okay, Buddy.\" \"Is everything all right?\" the waiter asked. \"Yes.\" Jovie said with a smile. \"He's just… he likes his spaghetti... a certain way but I'm sure he'll like this too.\" The waiter nodded. \"I'll leave you to your meals.\" Jovie leaned close to Buddy until their foreheads were touching. And she felt a warm cozy feeling inside. \"Try the spaghetti sauce. I promise you'll like it. And if you don't we'll have spaghetti with syrup some other time, all right?\" Buddy nodded. \"Well…okay.\" Dutifully he twirled the long strands of spaghetti around his fork and took a bite. Jovie watched his face for his reaction and suddenly he broke out into a smile. \"Wow! That's amazing!\" \"It is, isn't it?\" The rest of the meal was filled with animated conversation; although she'd never had a conversation quite like the ones she had with Buddy. He was unlike anyone she'd ever met. And it was wonderful. (Later that night) They held hands and walked back to her apartment, once again admiring every Christmas tree and Christmas decoration they saw. At the door they gazed into each other's eyes and she found that she didn't want the night to end. \"Well, I guess I'll see you when I see you?\" She said, breaking the silence between them. \"When will that be?\" \"I don't know. I guess the next time I see you.\" \"Oh…\" He said, shaking his head. \"Hey, you want to come over to my dad's house for dinner? I'm sure he wouldn't mind. Michael will be there.\" Her heart fluttered. \"Sure, that sounds nice. When?\" He scrunched up his face and looked as though he was about to cry again. \"Oh no, I forgot to ask! I'm such a cotton headed ninny muggings! I can't do anything right! I-.\" She stopped him with a kiss that left her breathless. When he drew back, he stared at her in surprise. \"What… why did you do that?\" \"Well, because I wanted to and so that you would know that you are not a-.\" \"Cotton headed ninny mugging.\" \"Right… whatever that is.\" \"I'm not?\" She grinned and shook her head. \"No.\" \"Oh…\" the smiled returned to his face and he kissed her again. \"Well, thank you.\" \"Thank you for the wonderful evening. I had fun.\" \"Really?\" \"Can we do it again next Thursday?\" \"You really want to?\" \"I asked, didn't I?\" \"Yes, you did. And yes… we can.\" \"Okay, well I guess I'll see you Thursday.\" \"Or the next time I see you.\" Jovie laughed. \"Right.\" \"Okay, well, bye.\" When he turned around she called to him. \"Buddy, wait!\" He spun around. \"What?\" \"You forgot something.\" His eyes widened. \"I did? What did I forget?\" \"This…\" Without waiting for him to reply, she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him again. That kiss, and all of the kisses that followed, were sweeter than candy canes and syrup. She could hardly wait till next Thursday. THE END ","Summary":" It was the craziest (and, dare she think it) best day of her life, not to mention the most interest"},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Fair Game","Author":"How It Really Ends","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6942351","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 - Fallout It was nearly dawn when Joe got up from his desk and walked over to his window. He'd spent most of the night trying to write the story about Anne's press conference the previous day. A couple of hours from his deadline, he was staring at a blank page in the typewriter. It was a familiar scenario, but the cause before had always been his own lack of preparation and the resulting need to rush an assignment for Hennessey at the last minute. This time, he had an abundance of information and no way to use it. He couldn't say that she was smart and passionate and good in a bar fight, or that she loved her country so much that she was willing to embrace a life she hated. He definitely couldn't tell the world she had charmed him out of the life he'd lived so thoughtlessly for thirty-seven years, only to leave him with nothing. But saying anything else felt like a lie, and he didn't want to lie anymore. The grief was twisting in his throat again, making it difficult to swallow. Wishing he had something stronger to drink, he poured himself a glass of wine and sipped it slowly, looking out over the city. It was too soon to comprehend Anne's absence. He felt she was still there with him in the tiny apartment, not in a space he could reach, but at the edge of his five senses. It was this certainty that had kept him awake the past two nights. He was sure that if he kept looking, kept waiting, she would reveal herself. And he was equally sure that if he went to sleep she would leave for good. He couldn't allow that to happen because it would force him to face the loss of something he never knew he wanted – a life with her; a life of cooking, dancing, poetry disputes – time enough to see her in plenty of his pajamas…and out of them. She wanted to stay...she wanted me. Whatever joy he might have felt at the realization had long since evaporated in the face of the anguish he'd caused her. He'd set out to make her love him and had succeeded well enough to make them both miserable. If it were just me losing her, I could handle it, he thought. I'd always miss her but I could live with it if I knew she was happy… There had to be a way for her, even if there wasn't one for him. In time her attachment to him would lessen. At the press conference, she had spoken of Rome almost as if it were already in her past. That was where he belonged; it would be selfish of him to expect otherwise. She would find some contentment in knowing she made the choice to put others ahead of herself, however difficult that choice might have been at first. She could find someone else who'd love her and whom she could love in return… Someone else. Joe leaned back against the wall as the thought cut mercilessly into him. He'd been sure nothing could hurt more than watching her walk out of the Embassy hall. But like all his other feelings from the past two days, this one caught him entirely unaware. As the blade settled in his heart, he realized it was the only right thing to wish for. But not now – not yet, he thought. She can stay a little longer. She was happy with me. He thought he knew the girl who evinced such joy in doing the things everyone else took for granted, the one who flirted unashamedly with him as they danced. But the press conference was a revelation. He now understood the reason for what the rest of the world was just beginning to notice. Her strength of character perfectly suited her to the position she held – now as a princess and eventually as a queen. And though he hated the result of her decision, he couldn't help admiring the courage with which she chose it. She did her job, he thought. She'd want me to do the same. He drained his glass and sat down in front of the typewriter. Hennessey finished reading and looked up at Joe. \"This is it? This is all you got?\" \"That's all there was to get.\" \"It's fluff.\" \"Come on. This was a photo op with a few softball questions thrown in.\" \"I take it you have no great opinion of Her Highness's intelligence.\" Joe shrugged, silently asking Anne's forgiveness. \"Seeing as I've never met her, I have no opinion at all.\" \"Or maybe that's just sour grapes about the story you didn't get. Why didn't you follow up on those rumors I told you about? You could've gotten something off the record from my Embassy source.\" Joe knew he'd taken a risk by not delving into the rumors behind Anne's \"illness,\" but it was a calculated decision. Irving had already indicated he would respect Joe's silence. The Secret Service agents would be strictly forbidden from talking. Joe had considered that while other reporters with Embassy connections might chase the story, no one could put all the facts together without talking to the one person who'd been with Anne the whole time. \"Like I told you, I don't believe in chasing every two-bit rumor I hear.\" Hennessey snorted. \"If you wanted to grow a conscience, you picked the wrong line of work.\" \"I'm not a gossip reporter. You wanted the facts; here they are.\" At this, Hennessey stood up and shoved a finger in Joe's face. \"Understand this: if someone else breaks the story of the Princess's little jailbust, it's your neck.\" \"Got it. Look, Mr. Hennessey-\" \"What?\" \"I'd like a few days off. I've got some vacation time coming.\" \"Fine. But let me offer you a little advice.\" On his way out of the room, Joe froze. \"Given that you now owe me $1,000, I suggest you consider hanging on to some of your money instead of using your vacation time to gamble it away.\" Joe turned to face Hennessey's glare. \"You'll get every dime of what's coming to you.\" And I might just get a plane ticket out of here, he thought. He opened the door and walked out, letting it slam shut behind him. \"Your Highness, I believe we may consider ourselves safe.\" Anne looked up from the press questions she was studying and waited for the Countess to continue. \"We've been monitoring all the newspaper coverage of your visit to Rome to ensure nothing…unsavory…was leaked to the media.\" Anne's eyes narrowed slightly. \"I should be surprised if it were,\" she replied, \"since nothing unsavory happened.\" The Countess faltered for a moment, not yet accustomed to Anne's newly authoritative demeanor. \"Of course, ma'am. No one meant to imply otherwise. But rumors do get abroad, and so we cannot be too careful…\" She waited for some sign of agreement, but none was forthcoming. \"It appears, however, that the press coverage is uniformly positive. The articles all follow a line similar to this one.\" She held out the clipping to Anne, who inhaled softly when she saw its byline. \"I would like to read this,\" she said, reaching for the paper. \"Your Highness?\" Anne quickly realized her mistake. \"And the others too.\" \"Certainly. I'll fetch them for you.\" The Countess left Anne's suite, wondering at her young charge. Anne had never cared before for what the press thought of her; in fact, she made it a point never to read news items about herself. Perhaps she's beginning to embrace the prospect of being Queen one day , the Countess thought, and to understand that the world's opinion matters. But it wasn't world opinion that held Anne's attention as she perused the article: Princess Anne Concludes Rome Visit With Press Conference by Joe Bradley, American News Service ROME, June 12 – Her Royal Highness, the Princess Anne of Britain, met with reporters yesterday at the British Embassy as she prepared to leave Rome for Athens, Greece. Her Highness indicated she had recovered fully from the illness which struck her late Thursday evening and led to the cancellation of all her public appearances on Friday. Responding to preselected questions on the topics of a possible European federation and friendship among nations, the Princess indicated her support for closer cooperation in Europe and expressed optimism at the prospect of improved international relations. She also named Rome as her favorite of the European cities she had visited. Following the question-and-answer session the Princess shook hands with members of the international press corps, greeting several in their native languages. Her Highness began a three-day visit to Athens yesterday and plans to return home this Wednesday. Trying to push down an unaccountable but growing disappointment, Anne re-read the item as the words in front of her gradually blurred away. She knew she should be thankful for such a passionless rendering; he had kept his unspoken promise and respected her wishes. But she hadn't anticipated the pain of seeing his name next to such a cold description of her. It seemed unjust to both of them somehow – unfair that no one but the two of them should know how much they'd given up. Glad to be relieved of the necessity to impress him, she hadn't tried once. She had noticed that, far from seeming inconvenienced, he took more genuine pleasure in observing her happiness and encouraging her enthusiasm as the day progressed. In doing so, he had helped her realize aspects of herself that she didn't know existed – ones she wasn't sure would ever exist again. She'd seen in his eyes that despite his initial deceit, he loved her for the person she was behind the money and titles – and that keeping his silence was costing him far more than any amount of money he'd given up in the exchange. Hearing the Countess approach, she quickly concealed the tear-stained piece of paper, wiped her eyes, and resumed her press assignment. \"Here are the other clippings, Your Highness.\" \"Thank you,\" said Anne without looking up. \"Please leave them on the table there.\" Sensing a peremptory dismissal, the Countess hesitated. \"Forgive me, Your Highness, but we must review the questions and answers for tomorrow's press conference – \" \"I shall prepare on my own, thank you, Countess. You have my permission to withdraw.\" Had Anne been able to make eye contact, she would have seen an alarmed expression pass over the Countess's face at her words. The Princess had never prepared for a press conference without the help of her minders – and after the propensity she'd lately displayed for departing from their carefully prepared script, no one was very willing to let her try. But the Countess, recognizing again the woman who gave orders rather than the girl who asked permission, knew better than to ask questions. She curtseyed and left the room. The bed was comfortable enough, but she was turned the wrong way – backwards or something. She had a vague memory of an elevator – perhaps she'd fallen asleep in it. But why would an elevator have a bed? And shouldn't the elevator be moving, taking her somewhere? She frowned and moved her head slowly to the side, trying to grasp the understanding that eluded her. She opened her eyes just a little and tried to focus them. Then she saw him. He was standing at the other end of the bed, smiling as he watched her wake up. She remembered where she had seen him before – he put her in a very small car and then they danced round the steps together. He had seemed frustrated with her; he had even corrected her poetic attribution as though he had every right to do so. I have to tell him he was wrong, she thought. But seeing the enjoyment on his face as he watched her, she decided it could wait. His smile was so lovely, and he had found her an elevator bed. She was safe. She could go back to sleep now. Anne opened her eyes, sat up, and looked around the darkened room, empty save for her. She wondered again why the dream broke off at the happiest, cruelest point. It would have been so much more fitting a transition to reality if she had dreamed of sobbing in Joe's arms like a terrified child at the thought of losing him, of a wordless goodbye at the Embassy, of turning back to look at him one last time – past the corner, so he wouldn't know – and seeing he was still there, miles distant from her, after everyone else had left. After watching him turn and walk out alone, she had barely been able to plead a headache and escape to her suite before the tears overtook her. Tonight there were none. She was glad for it, because the forced exhaustion of crying meant many more opportunities to dream and be disappointed. She debated for a moment whether to look at the pictures she'd hidden under her mattress, but decided against it. They told only one side of the story – hers – and that no longer interested her. She thought instead about the stories that would never be told – how willingly she had accepted the invitation in Joe's eyes when he spoke of her wearing his clothes, how expertly he had used that gorgeous mouth of his, how easily she had pictured the next fifty years with him, living them all at once in a split second, just as she knew he was. Down the hall from her suite of rooms the next morning, Anne could hear the Ambassador pacing back and forth. Someone would come for her soon, she knew. She kept her post at the floor-to-ceiling window as she awaited the summons. Outside were the buildings of an ancient city, but not the ones she wanted to see. \"Where is she?\" she heard him ask. \"It's almost time.\" \"Just a moment, Your Excellency.\" She heard the Countess's quick steps approaching, followed by a knock on the door. \"You may enter.\" The Countess opened the door and curtseyed. \"We're ready for you, my dear.\" I am not your dear, Anne thought. I saw very clearly the night I came back how little you care for me and how much for pleasing my mother and father. She turned around. \"Thank you.\" As the two of them walked to the great hall, the Countess said, \"Your Highness, if I might suggest – if you should wish to greet the members of the press here, as you did in Rome, I think it would be very well received.\" What would be the point? He won't be there. \"Perhaps I will.\" Hearing herself announced, she rounded the corner and walked slowly into the room, keeping her eyes focused on a distant point just above the reporters' heads. She didn't want confirmation of his absence until it was unavoidable. \"Your Highness, how have you enjoyed your visit here?\" Anne forced her eyes slightly downward to look at the speaker, a female reporter in the middle of the crowd, and smiled. \"Very much, thank you. Athens is a lovely city.\" \"Will Your Highness be glad to return home after such a long journey?\" Willing herself not to look at anyone else, Anne brought her gaze to the Greek-accented male reporter in the front row. \"I always miss my family and my homeland when I travel, but I count it a privilege to see so many beautiful places and learn about people and cultures different from my own.\" \"What does Your Highness believe can be done to improve trade and diplomatic relations between nations?\" This woman was at the opposite end of the front row. There was no help for it. She'd have to look for him now. She let her eyes travel slowly along the line as she gave her answer. \"I believe the most important thing we can do is to begin with our commonalities, not our differences.\" He wasn't there. She felt her face growing warm as she stood up for the photographers. It was one thing to look for him – she might indulge that personal weakness with impunity. But until that moment, she hadn't realized that some part of her actually expected to see him. When the flashbulbs stopped, she turned her head and nodded slightly to the Ambassador. Taking the cue, he stepped forward. \"Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the conference.\" As they left the hall, Anne could feel the Countess's eyes on her face. She realized she had probably disappointed everyone by not greeting the reporters personally. But they know nothing of disappointment, she thought as she returned the Countess's gaze. Besides, I may save one thing for him if I like.[Chapter 2] (Thanks to DarkWinter999 and iloveromance for their Chapter 1 beta assistance and encouragement.) Mario Delani hummed to himself as he swept the floor of the barber shop. It was almost time to close up, and as he glanced at the clock on the wall he calculated how long it would be before he could meet his friends at the barge by St. Angelo's. He had gone there every night hoping for another dance with the beautiful foreign girl whose hair he had cut, but she hadn't come back. He wished he'd thought to ask her what her name was. Just then the shop's doorbell jingled, announcing a visitor. Mario turned around, trying to conceal his annoyance, and saw a young man standing in the doorway. He had tousled hair and wore glasses and unkempt, ill-fitting clothes. As Mario stepped forward to greet him, the man smiled and spoke. \"Hi. Any chance I could get a haircut?\" Mario guessed by his accent that he was American. He hesitated, not wanting to offend a potential customer, and then answered him in halting English. \"I sorry, sir, but we almost closing. You come back tomorrow morning, yes?\" The man sighed. \"Look, I just got into town and I was hoping to get cleaned up so I could go out tonight. I'll never pick up girls looking like this.\" He ran a hand through his hair and gestured to his shabby clothes. Mario considered the stranger's disheveled appearance and relented. \"Yes, okay, you sit here,\" he said, indicating a nearby chair. The man smiled gratefully and sat down. \"Thanks a million. By the way, I'm Jim.\" \"I Mario Delani.\" He placed an apron around Jim's neck. \"How much you want me to cut?\" \"Oh, you know, just neaten it up for me. Don't want the ladies thinking I'm a bum.\" Mario smiled and began cutting. \"Where you going tonight?\" \"Dunno yet, but being new in town I'm open to suggestions. Know of any good places to get a drink and a dance with a pretty girl?\" He did not miss the excitement that came over Mario's face as he asked the question. \"Oh, yes. You should go to St. Angelo's on river. There is dancing on barge. Lots of girls. I go myself most nights.\" At this, Jim nodded, seeming to understand. \"You must've been getting ready to head over there when I came in.\" Seeing Mario's answering nod, he continued, \"Don't worry, I'll make it worth your while. So are you meeting someone special?\" Mario's face fell slightly. \"Well, I hope to find girl I been looking for. She prettiest girl I ever saw, but she no come back since last week.\" \"That's rotten luck. What's her name?\" \"I never ask her – I forget. She come into the shop one day last week, want me to cut her hair. I hate to do it – she have such beautiful long, dark hair, but she want it all off, so I cut very short. Then I ask her to meet me at St. Angelo's. At first she say no, but then that night I see her there with her friend, so I ask her to dance.\" Mario was so engrossed in his work and in the details of his story that he didn't notice Jim's eyes fixed on his face in the mirror, watching him intently as he spoke. \"Is her friend as cute as she is?\" Mario frowned for a moment, puzzled, and then laughed. \"Oh, no – her friend not girl. He a man – American, I think.\" Jim considered this for a moment. \"Too bad. Well, maybe I'll run into him if I go over tonight. Always nice to meet a fellow Yank in a foreign city.\" Mario shook his head doubtfully. \"I not sure you see Mr. Bradley tonight. He no come back either.\" \"Really? Guess maybe they were traveling together or something.\" \"Maybe so. I think they run away together after the fight.\" \"There was a fight? I thought this was a respectable joint.\" Jim's face expressed surprise and amusement. \"Yes, big fight. I dancing with the beautiful girl, a man ask if he can cut in, so I go over to bar for drink. Few minutes later I see her friend run over to her and pull the man away. She trying to get away from the man, but bunch of other men come, try to take her.\" \"Take her? Take her where?\" \"I don't know. But her friend, he keep fighting, so then some of us go to help him. Police come, lots of people get in trouble.\" \"But not you?\" \"No, not me.\" Jim couldn't help but smile at the note of pride in Mario's voice. \"The police, they arrest the men, the ones who try to take the girl.\" \"So the girl and her friend just vanished into thin air?\" Mario shrugged. \"I look for her afterward, but I no see her or Mr. Bradley after that.\" Jim silently traced Mario's face for signs of dishonesty. Seeing none, he said, \"You're a good man for helping her out. Maybe someday she'll be back to thank you for it.\" \"Oh, I hope so.\" He gave Jim's hair a final snip. \"Is finished. You like?\" Jim removed the apron, stood up, and examined his reflection. \"Yes, I do like it.\" He pulled a handful of coins from his pocket and handed them to Mario. \"Thanks for keeping the place open for me.\" Mario's eyes widened at the significant overpayment Jim had given him. \"Is too much – let me get your change – \" Jim cut him off with a wave of his hand. \"Keep it. You've been a huge help. Maybe I'll see you down at St. Angelo's tonight, yeah?\" Mario smiled and raised a hand in farewell as Jim headed for the door. \"Yes, I see you later. Good night.\" Reaching the sidewalk, Jim walked until he was out of sight of the barber shop, then leaned against a building and pulled a notepad and pencil from his pocket. He noted the date and time, Mario's name, and the details of their conversation, circling the words \"Bradley\" and \"American.\" An hour later, a freshly-showered, well-groomed young man carrying a manila folder walked up the steps of the British embassy in Rome. Approaching one of the guards, he said, \"Good evening. I have an appointment with His Excellency.\" Gone were the glasses, unkempt clothes, and Yankee-speak. In their place were a British accent and an expensive tailored suit. The guard nodded. \"Right this way, Mr. James.\" He led him down the hall, around a corner, and into a suite of offices that was cordoned off from public access, greeting another guard on the way. He walked over to a glass-windowed door marked with the words \"His Excellency, the British Ambassador\" and opened it. \"Good evening, Miss White,\" he said to the secretary seated behind the large desk. \"I have Mr. James here to see His Excellency.\" The secretary looked up. \"Thank you.\" The guard nodded and left. She turned to Mr. James. \"He asked me to send you in as soon as you arrived.\" She indicated an office door slightly ajar behind her. Mr. James walked in and made a slight bow. \"Your Excellency.\" The Ambassador stood and gestured for him to sit in one of the chairs in front of his desk. \"Mr. James, this is quick work. What have you discovered?\" After shutting the door, James took the offered seat and opened his folder. \"One of the agents told me he thought the man he saw dancing with the Princess was also the one who cut her hair. I got lucky and found him in the first barbershop I tried. His name is – \" – he glanced at his notes – \" – Mario Delani.\" \"What does he know? Is he a concern to us?\" James resumed his reading. \"He said the 'beautiful girl,' as he calls her, came into his shop and asked him to cut off all her hair, which he did before inviting her to St. Angelo's. He said right after they danced, some men tried to take her away and a fight broke out when her friend intervened. Delani saw the fight, tried to lend a hand, saw the men get arrested. Says he doesn't know what happened to the girl after that; she just disappeared, along with her friend. He never asked her name and hasn't seen her since.\" He looked up from his notes. \"He's telling the truth. I don't think we need to worry about him.\" \"And what of her friend?\" the Ambassador asked. \"An American man named Bradley. I haven't had a chance to look for him yet.\" The Ambassador was silent for a moment, thinking. \"Bradley…that name is familiar…wait a moment…\" He drew a small set of keys from his breast pocket and searched them until he found the one he needed. With it he unlocked one of his small desk drawers, pulled out an envelope, and began flipping through the scraps of paper in it. A moment later, his hand froze. He looked up at James with an expression of alarm. \"You're certain you have no other information on this Mr. Bradley?\" \"Not yet, but I will. What did you find?\" The Ambassador slowly withdrew the newspaper clipping he had found and held it out to James. It was captioned Princess Anne Concludes Rome Visit with Press Conference by Joe Bradley, American News Service . James took the clipping and skimmed it. It was worse news than he was expecting, but experience had taught him to wait until its truth was proven. \"There may be another explanation. He may not even be the same Bradley.\" \"If you find out that he is not, I shall be very glad to hear it. But if he is…\" The thought hung unfinished as both men contemplated the possibilities. Then James stood up. \"I understand. With your leave I'll begin my search tonight, Your Excellency.\" The Ambassador nodded. \"Thank you. I now have the pleasant duty of sending a cable to His Majesty.\" James bowed again and left the room, grateful to realize that of the two of them, he had the far easier task. Thank you so much to those of you who reviewed Chapter 1! I cannot express how happy your comments made me. If you have an opinion on this (admittedly short) chapter, feel free to hit me with it.[Chapter 3] DISCLAIMER: I don't own it and I'm not making money off of it. Chapter 3 – Decisions Joe found the reality of free time couldn't live up to its prospect. After meeting with Hennessey, he went back to his apartment and collapsed on his bed. He told himself he would just take a short nap, but the effect of two sleepless nights quickly overpowered him. He awoke abruptly the next morning, struggling against the bewildering dread that darkened his mind. Recalling the events of the past few days, he realized its source. Not only was Anne gone, the imprint she'd left behind was fading. Every hour he slept put more distance between them. As he lay there staring at the ceiling, he remembered watching her wake up in his bed, her contented smile illuminating the dreary apartment. She'd made it so easy for him to play the nice guy. He wondered if she'd started her day yet, if she got out of bed just as usual or stopped to remember him as he was remembering her. Most of all, he wondered if she missed being in his bed as much as he missed having her in it. He imagined seeing that smile every morning, which led to more tempting speculations he knew he couldn't afford to indulge. Forcing his thoughts into a safer direction, he considered what to do with the day. The desire to stay there, to salvage whatever might be left of her presence, made the small, stuffy room seem almost welcoming. But he sensed that if he didn't get out now, he might not want to leave at all. He sat up on the side of the bed, head in his hands, his resolve already weakening. She does this every day of her life, he told himself, whether she wants to or not. It was enough to get him showered, dressed, and out the door. He took to the streets, wandering through a strange netherworld between his previous life and a future he had no idea how to navigate. He found himself retracing his steps to the places he and Anne had visited. She became so real in his thoughts that when he recalled his surroundings, he was startled to find she wasn't there. Entranced by the memories, he sought them out until he couldn't walk anymore – along with a few well-timed drinks to manage the pain. Late that night when he fell exhausted into a chair at Rocca's, the waiter who'd seen him earlier that day knew what to bring. As he placed the whiskey glass on the table, Joe took a long swig and forced himself to admit what he already knew: that she'd left him alone and all the drunken hallucinations in the world wouldn't bring her back. He drained the glass, signaled the waiter for another, and looked out at the sidewalks around the café. Even at this hour, they were crowded with sociable, happy-looking people. He watched them with growing contempt, wondering why none of them noticed that the city had turned into a wasteland. Just then, the unknown course charted itself: He could leave. He could escape it all and start over somewhere blessedly free of reminders. He'd complained for years about wanting to get out of Rome, but he'd never had a reason painful enough to act upon. Now the hazy half-wishes in his mind sharpened of their own accord into plans so clear that he wondered why he couldn't see them before. Even if he couldn't forget her, at least he could get away from everywhere she seemed to be but wasn't. \"Joe! Where have you been?\" Joe looked up and saw Irving coming over to his table, a wide smile on his face. He smiled briefly in return and took a sip of the drink the waiter had just brought. As he did so, Irving stopped and peered closely at his friend, surprised at the change in Joe's appearance. His clothes were rumpled and his eyes, bloodshot and shadowed by dark circles, belied the smile. As Joe reluctantly returned his friend's searching look, Irving understood. He glanced at the whiskey glass as Joe set it back on the table. No way that's the first one, he thought. \"How about some coffee?\" Joe hesitated. He didn't want his friend's pity, nor did he want to owe him any more money. Correctly sensing the latter, Irving raised his hand and said, \"It's on me.\" Still in no mood for company, Joe was about to decline when he remembered he had a question to ask Irving. He nodded his assent and gestured to the chair across from him. As Irving sat down and called the waiter back, Joe considered what to say. He felt Irving knew far too much already. Seeing Joe's reluctance to speak, Irving started the conversation. \"I'm glad I ran into you. I just came by to meet Carolina for a late drink – \" \"What happened to Francesca?\" Trying to conceal his worry at the roughness in Joe's voice, Irving smiled and waved his hand. \"Last week's news…\" \"I don't know how you do it, Irving.\" Preoccupied with tracing lines in the condensation on his glass, Joe missed Irving's disbelieving look. What do you mean, how I do it? Irving thought. You were doing it too, right up until last week. The waiter brought the coffee and set it in front of Joe. He sipped it and looked up. \"I, uh, need to ask you a favor.\" \"Sure. After you tell me why you missed the game last night.\" What game? Joe thought. Then it hit him. For the first time during his three years in Rome he'd completely forgotten about a poker game. He made a halfhearted attempt to conceal the fact from Irving, speaking the first excuse that came into his mind. \"I'm a little short on cash right now…\" \"Never stopped you before,\" Irving countered. \"Yeah, I guess not.\" Too drained to come up with any more excuses, Joe decided he'd settle for a half-truth instead. \"I skipped it.\" \"You skipped a poker game.\" \"Yeah, I - \" \"What the hell, Joe? Cleaning you out is the easiest money I make all week.\" Joe smiled in spite of himself. \"Sorry about that.\" Irving waited for more but Joe, who had a story for everything, was quiet. \"Guess you've been kind of…preoccupied…lately.\" Irving's voice was cautious. \"Yeah.\" \"Not for nothing, but…maybe that stuff would help. Getting back into a routine – \" He stopped as he caught the warning look on his friend's face. \"No.\" Joe hadn't intended to speak so forcefully. But how could he explain that there was no routine left – that he didn't want his old life, even if he could get it back? \"I'm going home.\" As he spoke he looked again at the city streets, wondering how long he had left. \"Good idea,\" Irving said, nodding. \"Dry out, sleep it off…you want me to walk you?\" \"That'll be a pretty long walk.\" \"Nah, your place is just – \" Irving's mouth dropped open as he caught Joe's meaning. \"You're going back to New York.\" Joe nodded. Irving still wasn't sure he'd heard Joe correctly. \"Never thought you'd actually do it.\" \"Can't say I blame you.\" \"Do you really think this is the best time to decide - \" \"Yep.\" \"When?\" \"As soon as I can. That's why I wanted to ask you a favor,\" Joe said. \"I was hoping you could give me a little more time to pay back the fifty I owe you. I've got some other debts to square.\" Irving rolled his eyes. \"Couldn't possibly be another salary advance, could it?\" Joe focused his gaze on his coffee cup, hoping his friend would take the hint. \"Hang on,\" Irving said as he remembered something. \"Hennessey said on Saturday that you owed him $500, right after you told him…oh.\" He leaned forward, trying to catch Joe's eye. \"You bet him, didn't you? You bet him you could get the story you actually got and told him you didn't get.\" Joe glanced up at Irving and nodded, silently cursing his friend for his nosiness. Irving's eyes widened and he sat back in his seat, staring at Joe as though seeing him for the first time. \"It wasn't enough that you spiked a $5,000 story? You had to go half a grand in the hole?\" Joe fixed him with a disgusted glare. \"Yeah. Too bad I lost all that money.\" He hated hearing Anne described as a commodity, but he hated even more the reminder that he'd once thought of her that way himself. He's a goner, Irving thought. It's even worse than I figured. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"I didn't mean it like that.\" \"This is not her fault.\" \"I know.\" They both fell silent, Joe sorting through his regrets and Irving pondering the change in his friend. Finally Joe spoke. \"Anyway, I won't be around for a while. I'll be working a lot of overtime, saving up so I can leave sooner.\" Irving nodded. \"That's good thinking.\" He watched Joe for a moment before he spoke. \"Listen, don't worry about the $50 right now. Just…pay me back before you leave the country.\" Joe nodded his agreement. \"Thanks for the coffee.\" He paid for his other two drinks and was about to leave when Irving stopped him. \"One more thing, Joe…\" Joe turned and waited, watching as Irving struggled for the words. \"You might want to, uh, go easy on the…\" Irving indicated the empty whiskey glass on the table. Joe's eyes fell to the glass and then met Irving's worried gaze. But I don't want to, he thought. Not yet. \"See you later, Irving.\" He walked away, unaware of the patron a few tables away who was taking notes on their conversation in between bites of spaghetti. Joe Bradley was troubled; of that much James was certain. Beyond that, he had no idea how to piece together everything he'd seen and heard today. He pushed aside his plate and flipped through his notes again, hoping to make sense of them before he had to report back to the Ambassador. After their previous meeting James spoke with one of his local contacts, who got him Joe's address and a copy of his photo press credential. Later that night, he showed Joe's picture to the ticket taker at St. Angelo's, who confirmed that Joe came there with a young woman Friday night and bought two tickets. Early the next morning, James began his vigil in an alley near Joe's apartment building. He didn't have to wait long. A couple of hours later, Joe left the building and set off on what James could only describe as an utterly directionless trek through the city. Following at a distance, James watched as Joe lingered in front of places like the Colosseum and the Wishing Wall, oblivious to the city noise around him. James saw too that despite a valiant effort, Joe couldn't drink enough to still the restlessness that drove him from one place to the next. James strongly suspected that, given its price and what he knew concerning Joe's whereabouts on Friday, the story his friend referred to was in fact about the princess. But no reporter in his right mind would forfeit an exclusive like this one, which put James squarely back at the beginning. What does he want? James asked himself. And who was the \"her\" Joe mentioned? If it was Anne, why was he defending her? He struggled with the questions until a waiter tapped his shoulder to indicate it was closing time. As he nodded and gathered his things, he realized there was no way to scale the brick wall in his thoughts without talking to Joe himself. In the meantime, he'd report on what he had and figure out the remaining steps. But first, he'd pursue a couple of new leads named Irving and Hennessey. The next afternoon, Miss White knocked on the door of the Ambassador's office and opened it slightly. \"Mr. James is here to see you, sir.\" \"Did we have an appointment?\" \"No, sir.\" The Ambassador sighed, knowing this couldn't mean good news. \"Send him in.\" She nodded, holding the door ajar for James as he entered and shutting it behind him. \"I'm sorry to interrupt you, Excellency, but I've found him.\" \"Is he...\" \"The reporter who wrote that article is the same man who was at St. Angelo's with Her Highness on Friday.\" The Ambassador closed his eyes and leaned back in his chair, trying to process the news. \"That can't have been an accident.\" He opened his eyes and looked at James. \"What does he plan to do?\" \"For the moment, nothing. Apparently he lied to his boss about a story he was working on, saying he didn't get it even though he did. And he deliberately lost a bet over it.\" \"But he didn't say what it was about?\" \"Not specifically, although he did mention a woman.\" \"Why do you think it had anything to do with Her Highness?\" \"The story was worth $5,000.\" The Ambassador got up and began to pace the room, becoming increasingly nervous as the implications sunk in. \"You said he purposely lost a bet?\" \"Yes, and that's on top of the significant debt he already had.\" \"Is he holding out for more? Planning to shop the story around?\" James frowned as he considered this. It didn't sound quite right to him. Whatever Joe's real disappointment might be, his finances had seemed almost an afterthought. Joe's sarcastic comment about the money he lost made it sound as if he had no interest at all in profiting at Anne's expense. It's almost as if he's… At first the thought seemed improbable enough that James was tempted to dismiss it immediately. But he needed to hold all possibilities in reserve until he could start eliminating them. \"There's one way to know for certain.\" \"All right. Offer him $15,000, contingent on his telling us everything he knows and signing a non-disclosure agreement.\" James recorded the instruction on his notepad. \"There's something else. He was talking to a friend, Irving Radovich…\" He paused, unsure how to break the news. \"Yes?\" \"He's...a photographer.\" The Ambassador stopped pacing and turned to face James. \"Evidence?\" \"Maybe.\" Damn her , the Ambassador thought. Damn her for taking such a selfish risk and putting us all in this position. For a moment he was hard pressed to keep the treasonous thoughts to himself. James waited until the Ambassador appeared more composed, then said, \"I'm not sure yet if they were working together on this.\" \"It doesn't matter. The pictures would be damaging enough on their own. They – \" Suddenly the Ambassador recalled something from Anne's press conference. He'd been so relieved to have the princess safely back in custody that he hadn't given the incident another thought. \"One of the photographers at the press conference gave Her Highness a gift – an envelope of 'commemorative photos,' as he called them.\" The press conference, James mused, during which she personally greeted the press corps – something she's never done before. \"Do you remember his name or what he looked like?\" \"Not his name; there were too many people introducing themselves. I think he was short. He might have had a beard.\" \"Radovich fits that description.\" The Ambassador sighed. \"Of course he does.\" \"In the interest of containment, I think an indirect approach would be better here,\" said James. The Ambassador nodded, wondering as he resumed his pacing whether the situation could end any other way than in disaster. \"I'll see if a search of his apartment and studio turns anything up,\" James continued, making a note to enlist some local talent for the task. \"In the meantime, someone should look at the pictures he gave the Princess. We may have nothing to worry about.\" What a change that would be, thought the Ambassador. \"I'll see what I can do.\" On arriving home from Rocca's Joe set to work, his newly-formed plans lending him much more focus than usual. He rifled through his desk for some assignments that needed outlining and worked steadily on them until well after midnight, temporarily driving Anne from his thoughts. Eager for another reprieve, he decided to pick up more work the next day. He went back to the office at dinnertime the following evening, hoping to avoid his co-workers and Hennessey. But as he walked over to the secretary's desk to look for the stack of new assignments, his boss glanced up from the file cabinet he was searching and frowned. \"I thought you were on vacation.\" There's a mug I didn't miss, thought Joe as he turned and saw Hennessey's contemptuous look. \"Yeah.\" \"You didn't have to spoil mine, you know.\" \"What?\" \"My vacation. Or as I call it, any day you're not here.\" Bet your wife feels the same way , Joe thought. But he didn't say it. He knew in losing the bet, he'd lost the privilege of telling Hennessey off. He took several assignments off the top of the stack and walked over to his desk. \"Why'd you take all those?\" \"Just trying to get ahead on a few things.\" Joe sat down and began looking through the pile, wondering when his boss would tire of the game. A slow smile spread over Hennessey's face. \"Aw, I get it. Still pining for your lost princess? Trying to take your mind off your troubles?\" The stack of papers in Joe's hands instantly went still. \"Which princess was that?\" \"I'm glad to hear you've got some in reserve,\" said Hennessey, raising an eyebrow. \"You'll need to cash 'em all in to square up with me.\" He leaned over the desk. \"She was young, beautiful, naïve – the easiest mark you could hope for. That love angle would've been aces. \" \"Yeah,\" Joe muttered. \"Yeah, it would've.\" Looking up at Hennessey, he wondered how much jail time one good punch would be worth. It was a welcome distraction from the question of who he hated more – his boss or himself. \"And you still find a way to screw it up.\" Hennessey laughed, shaking his head. \"The get that got away. Must've killed you to watch five grand go up in smoke.\" Joe sighed. Get out , he thought. Just leave me here to be a heartless bastard by myself. \"Guess that smaller paycheck stings a little, huh? Well, I'll leave you to it,\" Hennessey said as he rose. \"The wife's got dinner waiting.\" His smile was unmistakably smug. Joe had often wondered how a pit bull like Hennessey could get a woman to say yes. It seemed even more unjust now that the only woman Joe had ever wanted to ask was halfway around the world, never to wear his clothes again. Biting back another sarcastic retort, he reminded himself the end was in sight. His time with Hennessey had an expiration date; he just didn't know yet what that date was. But maybe he could speed things up a little. \"Take a hundred,\" he said, stopping Hennessey in his tracks. \"What?\" \"We agreed on fifty a week. Take a hundred instead.\" Hennessey's eyes narrowed as he walked back over to Joe's desk. \"A hundred a week? You can't afford that.\" \"That's not your problem, is it?\" Hennessey glanced at Joe's outstretched hand and then back to his face. There was a hardness in his eyes Hennessey had never seen before. \"All right,\" he said with a nod. \"A hundred it is.\" He shook Joe's hand and returned to his office, casting one last puzzled look at Joe over his shoulder. Joe ignored it and turned back to his assignments. The more time he focused on his work, the sooner he could tell his boss where to put his insults once and for all. A few hours later, Joe stood up and stretched, rubbing his neck to try to work out the kinks. He'd gotten a lot of work done - especially since Hennessey had finally gone home - but he was finding it progressively harder to keep his eyes open. As he walked over to the coffee pot behind the secretary's desk, he caught sight of a familiar name in one of the wire reports on the teletype. Princess Anne Bids Farewell to Athens, Concludes European Tour, the headline read. The report briefly recounted Anne's time in Athens and her press conference there. Joe tore off the paper and stared at it. She's going home. For a moment the thought hung suspended in his mind, refusing to let him dismiss it. She'd already walked out on him. Why did it matter where she went after that? Then the reasons pinned him to the spot, each stripping a section from the remainder of his heart. As long as she was away from home, he could keep a part of her for himself. He could daydream about another chance encounter. And despite the revelation he'd tried to drown with whiskey the day before, he could harbor some hope that she'd change her mind and come back. He shook his head, frustrated with himself, wishing he could advance time to the point – six months from now? A year? Two? – when he'd accepted the loss and figured out how to live some semblance of a normal life. Maybe that time would come sooner for Anne. It 'll be good for her to be back home , he thought . She can start moving on. Still he lingered, gazing absently at the paper in his hand and wondering how soon she'd forget him. He finally forced himself to lay the paper back on the desk and get his coffee. But a moment later he picked it up again for another read, this time from a different view. What a waste, he thought as he re-read the section on the press conference. The questions were similar to those she answered in Rome – diplomatic and meaningless. She was intelligent, articulate, and well-educated. He was sure she could handle tougher material. So why didn't anyone ask? Remembering the careful choreography of the Rome press conference, he thought he knew the answer. Reporters probably had to get questions approved ahead of time so she could memorize her responses. He'd seen it before with public figures, and he knew most of them couldn't improvise as well as she did. He suspected she might even welcome the challenge. He began running through a list of possible topics and composing questions in his mind. Before he realized it, he'd conjured an entire conversation between himself and Anne. But when one of the questions became \"Why is Rome your favorite city?\" he reminded himself that he wouldn't have the chance to ask. She'd made her decision clear and he wanted to respect it as far as he could. He was a little less certain, however, on the unlikely but troubling possibility of being assigned again to one of her public events. With my luck , it 'll probably be her wedding , he thought. What if her feelings had changed? What if they hadn't? He didn't know which would be worse and he had no desire to find out. In any case, he couldn't stand the thought of her seeing in his eyes that he'd never gotten over her. I won't do it, he decided. Better to quit than to have her pity me. At that thought, he realized that coffee wasn't the drink he needed. Later that night, when Joe was halfway through his whiskey – which one, he couldn't remember – he heard someone take a seat beside him at the bar and order a glass of ice water. He glanced at his neighbor, hoping it wasn't anyone he knew. Satisfied the man was a stranger, he turned back to his drink. \"Hello, Mr. Bradley.\" Damn it . \"Do I know you?\" Joe asked without looking up. Perfect, thought James. He's halfway sauced already. \"You can call me James.\" Joe turned to get a better look and shook the hand James had extended. \"I wonder if I could have a few minutes of your time.\" \"Guess you've already taken 'em.\" \"I'm sorry. I'll be brief. It's about one of your stories.\" \"Which one?\" \"One you haven't written yet.\" Joe cast a sidelong glance at James, curious how he would know about an unpublished story. \"If I didn't write it, I can't comment on it.\" \"I was hoping you could make an exception in this case.\" Joe turned to see James holding out a newspaper clipping. He took it without thinking, his grip tightening on the paper when he saw what it was. Anne… Panic shot through him, bringing with it a surge of adrenaline that swiftly burned away the fog of alcohol and grief clouding his mind. How much did they know? Was she in trouble? Had James found the pictures? Was he trying to blackmail her? The questions raced through his brain, almost too fast for him to comprehend them, until one overshadowed the rest: Was it too late? The thought of her exposed and humiliated, forced to explain herself to the world, momentarily stole the breath from his lungs. Cursing himself for getting caught off guard, he set his drink on the counter and studied the image, trying to buy himself some time. Even as he quickly ran through his strategic options – denial, pretended ignorance, silence – he couldn't help noticing something about the picture. The severe, unsmiling young woman who looked up at him from the photo seemed nothing like the girl whose laugh he'd found impossible to resist. They have her all wrong, he thought. They probably can't even imagine her laughing. He thought of the last time he heard her laugh, right before he kissed her. The memory of their shared happiness brought calm and focus to his jumbled thoughts, along with the soul-deep knowledge that protecting her was worth any price he could pay. He laid the picture back on the counter, and when he spoke his voice was steady. \"You're wrong,\" he said, looking up at James. \"I already wrote this one. It ran a few days ago.\" \"You mean your report on Her Highness's press conference last Saturday?\" \"That's it. You need a copy?\" \"I have one, thank you. And – if you'll forgive me – I thought it a little…short on the facts.\" What did Anne think of it? Joe wondered. He hoped for her sake that she hadn't seen it. He knew she'd understand his coldness, but it wasn't how he wanted her to remember him. He was quiet as he pretended to think over James's criticism. \"Well, you're welcome to take a crack at her next press conference,\" he said with a smile. \"You'd probably get along with my editor better than I do.\" \"I think I would,\" James agreed. \"Especially if I told him you were with the Princess last Friday.\" He took a sip of water, watching for Joe's reaction. Joe's amazement was genuine as he stared at James, trying to figure out who had talked to him. \"Yeah, that would do it, all right,\" he said slowly. \"That's a hell of a story.\" James smiled slightly. \"I'd very much like to hear it…if you care to tell it, of course.\" Not a chance , Joe thought. \"What do you care?\" \"Let's just say I…manage situations.\" \"For who?\" Joe asked, trying not to laugh and wondering whether James had any idea how ridiculous he sounded. \"The royal family.\" Joe's smile faded. So Anne wouldn't need to worry about explaining herself to the world, just to a very angry king and queen. The image struck him with the injustice he was powerless to cure. Why should she have to explain anything? Trading in her freedom isn't penance enough? His anger at the thought helped to clarify his approach. Might as well go all in, he decided. There was no need to make James's job any easier. \"And you think I've got the goods on a princess I've never even met?\" \"You've…never met her,\" James echoed, surprised Joe would begin with such an easily disprovable lie. \"Well, I wouldn't really count the press conference,\" said Joe with a shrug. \"Other than that, no.\" \"My contact tells me otherwise. Says you were with her at St. Angelo's that night.\" \"She was at St. Angelo's on Friday?\" Joe asked, affecting a look of surprise. \"I thought she was sick. Isn't that why they rescheduled her press conference?\" \"You would know better than I,\" James countered. \"But I'll venture a guess she wasn't too sick when you saw her.\" \" If I saw her,\" Joe corrected him. \"Maybe your contact mixed her up with someone else.\" \"That could be, yes,\" said James, seeming to consider the theory. \"Except that my contact says she introduced you to him.\" Delani . Should've known that guy couldn't keep his mouth shut, Joe thought. His odds were getting worse and his drink more tempting by the minute, so he played the only card he had left. It was a long shot – James must have already accounted for it – but he had to try. \"Unless this girl and your contact are old friends, it sounds to me like you've got a proof problem.\" \"How so?\" \"Let's say just for argument's sake that I was there and someone did introduce me to this contact of yours. How do you know that someone was the Princess?\" \"I…\" James broke off, unsure what tack Joe was taking. Why was he casting doubt on Anne's involvement? \"If she really was on the lam, I can't imagine she was broadcasting her identity to everyone she met,\" Joe continued. \"And you're probably not flashing her picture all over town, either. So if she's not telling and you're not showing…how do you know you got the right girl?\" In the seemingly eternal silence that followed, Joe prayed he'd found a flaw in James's information. Or that James had overlooked some research. Or that he didn't have any witnesses and was just bluffing to see how Joe would react. James, for his part, was still trying to understand why Joe was covering for Anne. That was a pretty well-reasoned argument for someone who pretends he's never met her, he thought. In that light, the idea he'd nearly dismissed yesterday didn't seem ridiculous at all. As suspicion crystallized into fact, he realized he had a new problem on his hands. \"Those are good points,\" he said. \"But I think my theory holds. Would you like to know why?\" Nope . \"Sure.\" \"My contact also told me you and he fought with some men who tried to take the Princess back to the Embassy. Specifically, he said you ran over to her and pulled the first man away, then tried to fight off the others. Then you and the Princess disappeared – at the same time, oddly enough. So you see,\" James continued, \"we already knew she was there and we have some idea of what she did. We just weren't clear as to your involvement, which sounds…extensive.\" He paused briefly, considering how best to incorporate the lie. \"Once they saw your picture, our agents were happy to shed some light on the man who so vigorously defended their future queen.\" I failed her , Joe thought. He'd tried everything he knew and it wasn't going to work. The only thing he could hope for now was to minimize the damage. \"Like I said, it's a hell of a story. But if that's the one you want to tell, I'm not sure why you need me.\" \"I showed your picture to the ticket taker, who told me you bought two tickets. It stands to reason that you left with the person you bought a ticket for. That means you know what the Princess was doing before she arrived and after she disappeared, and that information is very valuable to me.\" He waited for a response, but Joe was silent. \"And there's one more thing I'm curious about: why you don't seem plausibly surprised at anything I've told you.\" \"Nothing personal,\" said Joe with a smile. \"After twenty years in this business, I don't get surprised by much. You did a great job telling it, though.\" He gave James a slap on the back and tossed some money on the counter, preparing to leave. She surprised you, though, didn't she? James thought. \"I have an offer for you.\" \"Can't wait to hear it.\" \"I want the truth, along with your signature on a confidentiality agreement, in return for $15,000.\" Fifteen thousand? What do they think, that we – As the image came into his mind, he realized it could be exactly what they thought. The idea unsettled him. \"You know,\" he said, clearing his throat, \"for that kind of money I'd make up any story you wanted. But I can't sell what I don't have.\" \"This is the best offer you're going to get. After all, what's the going rate for a princess? Only about $5,000 on the open market, isn't it?\" A face that pretty would make an even better target than Hennessey's, Joe thought. \"I wouldn't know.\" \"I understand you recently lost something very valuable. More so, by your own estimation, than that $5,000 story you – what was the word your friend used? 'spiked?' – and the $500 penalty you're paying on it now.\" Of course, Joe thought as he held James's gaze. Of course he was spying on me. \"I've learned quite a lot of interesting things in the past few days,\" James continued. \"Chief among them is that you are a man desperately in need of a new beginning. Once we transact our business, you can pay all your debts and buy a plane ticket home tomorrow. Start your life over. Find a new…something.\" Joe had no trouble catching the implication. Someday, he guessed, he'd be able to picture someone else in Anne's place. But it seemed several lifetimes away. \"Good night,\" he said. \"See? We just transacted our business.\" James studied Joe's face, blank of all emotion. Yes, I see, he thought as Joe got up and headed toward the door. \"My superiors thought you were protecting your story. I think you're protecting her.\" On his way out, Joe stopped mid-stride. James walked over to him and spoke in a low voice. \"Whatever she was to you, whatever you had with her…it's over.\" He handed Joe a card with his contact information. \"Ask yourself what's best for you.\" But Joe was thinking of a different question. There's nothing else I can do for her, he thought as he stared at the card . Would it be better for her if I just decline the money and 'fess up? Tell them none of it was her fault? Then her voice came back to him, its measured tones speaking an affection he knew he didn't deserve. \"I have faith in relations between people,\" she'd said, as though he were the only person in the room. The only way he could justify that faith was to leave the choice with her. No, he decided. It has to be her call. He nodded and looked up at James. \"Okay. I've figured it out.\" He tore the card in half, handed the pieces to James, and left. I'm sorry, sweetheart, he thought as he began the long walk home. I'm so sorry . To those of you who have reviewed, favorited, set up story alerts, and checked back for updates - thank you so much! The next chapter is entitled \"Consequences.\" (Meanwhile, back at the castle…)[Chapter 4] Almost home. Anne looked out the airplane window at the throngs of people gathered on the tarmac to greet her. There was a heavier press contingent than usual, which she attributed to her supposed illness and recovery. Despite her years of practice, she still hated navigating the crowds and the reporters and the questions. It wouldn't be any more fun today than it usually was, but at least it would delay the reckoning a little longer. Scanning the brace of reporters and photographers behind the rope, she couldn't help asking her favorite questions of late – what if he were here? What would I say? What would he think? What would it be like, she wondered, to walk away from the crowds knowing he was waiting for her? To have a real conversation with him in public, one she didn't have to encode? She became so lost in the daydreams that she didn't hear the Countess calling her name. She started at the careful touch on her arm and turned around. \"What?\" \"Are you ready, Your Highness?\" \"Yes.\" She stood and made her way down the aisle, pausing before the exit to steady herself for the onslaught. Then she stepped out onto the lowered steps and began to wave. Does he think this is as silly as I do? she wondered. But she remembered the way he'd riveted his eyes on her during the Rome press conference, lending her his strength, his reassurance, and his love. Although her smile never wavered, the memory brought a painful tightness to her throat. She allowed herself one futile plea - Oh God, why isn't he here? Why can't he be here? – before quickly shoving it aside. She would make him proud, even if he would never know it. Reaching the bottom of the steps, she saw her mother and father waiting at the other end of the red carpet strip. She took a deep breath and began walking toward them, but before she could reach them her father broke into a run and met her halfway, enveloping her in a bear hug that lifted her off her feet as flashbulbs popped around them. \"Thank God,\" he whispered in her ear, his voice choked. \"Thank God you're safe.\" His affection didn't surprise her – it was how he'd always greeted her when he returned from his own travels – but his public display did. As they walked together to where her mother was waiting, she realized for the first time how worried her parents must have been. \"Welcome home, my dear.\" The queen's ice-colored eyes studied her daughter's face before she pulled her into a light embrace and quickly released her. \"Come,\" she said as they turned to face the crowd once more. \"You're not taking questions today.\" On the ride home, the three of them were silent until Anne's father raised the glass between them and the driver. Then he turned to her and took her hand in his. \"Are you sure you're quite well?\" \"Yes.\" \"You're not…hurt?\" His hesitation and tightening grip told her clearly how much fear and anxiety her disappearance had cost him. \"No, I'm f– \" but she couldn't force out the lie. \"I'm not hurt.\" As she released his hand she felt her mother's arm around her shoulders, pulling her close. She didn't speak, just held her daughter tightly until they pulled to a stop in front of the palace. Anne sat stiffly, unsure how to respond to the kind of prolonged warmth her mother hadn't shown her since she was a child. As they climbed out of the car Anne braced herself for the quiet, measured words that would fix her failings indelibly on her soul. But the queen raised a gentle hand to her daughter's cheek, letting it linger there for a moment. \"I'll just…give you some time to settle back in, shall I?\" Caught off guard, Anne looked at her father for help. He shot her a glance that said Sorry, love, you're on your own as he put his arm around his wife's waist. \"All right,\" she said to her mother. \"We'll see you at dinner, then.\" On reaching her suite, Anne dismissed the maids who were unpacking her luggage and looked around. I hate this wallpaper, she thought as her gaze fell on the blue and white floral brocade pattern. The furniture wasn't much better. The antique mahogany pieces, some of which were upholstered the same shade of midnight blue as the wall, lent an oppressive darkness to the whole suite even in daylight. The rooms that had so often been her refuge from the ever-increasing burdens of the past few years now appeared strange and unwelcoming – as though they could give no quarter to the deserter she'd become. After locking her door, she walked over to the bay window overlooking the lake. Nestling herself among the oversized cushions, she opened her handbag to get the pictures Irving gave her. She'd take one last look before she found them a permanent hiding place. But they weren't in her bag. No, they have to be here, she thought. She was always so careful to put the envelope back in the small purse that had never left her side since she purchased it from a street vendor in Athens. She turned the bag upside down and shook it out on the window seat. Then she looked at her suitcases, forcing herself to think through the oncoming panic. The envelope had to be in one of them, although she had no memory of putting it there. She knelt in front of one of the bags and began tossing aside the neatly folded items of clothing. On she went from one piece of luggage to the next, surrounded by a growing pile of clothes and toiletries, until she unearthed the envelope from a zippered compartment in the last suitcase. She checked the contents, then rang for a servant. The maid who answered her summons surveyed the mess on the floor. \"Would Your Highness like some help?\" she asked as she began to pick up Anne's discarded wardrobe. \"I want a fire. Quickly, if you please.\" The maid laid the stack of clothes on Anne's bed. \"Yes, ma'am.\" \"And send word I won't be down for dinner after all. I shall retire early this evening.\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" Once the fire was built Anne knelt in front of the large stone hearth, envelope in hand. She couldn't afford any more mistakes – not for herself or for Joe. As she fed the photos one by one to the flames, her estrangement from the free, fun-loving girl they reflected was complete. Watching the images turn to ash, she was thankful her only pictures of Joe were in her memory. They would last a little longer before time did fire's work. The blaze had almost spent itself when a knock sounded on the door. Unaware of how long she'd been staring into the embers, Anne was surprised to see the room in near-total darkness. She turned on the lights and unlocked her door, then seated herself at her desk and pretended to read one of the letters there. \"Yes?\" \"Your Highness? Their Majesties wish to speak with you.\" It was an earlier end to the grace period than Anne expected, which meant her parents had learned at least some of the details of her escape. She followed the servant to the drawing room where her parents and James were waiting. Of course, she thought. Father's favorite bloodhound. As soon as the servant shut the door behind them her father, who had been pacing by the fireplace, started toward her. \"Anne, what can you possibly – \" But the queen placed her hand on his arm, stopping him. \"You must be hungry, dear,\" she said to Anne. \"Come and have tea with us.\" She sat down on the couch and patted the cushion beside her. Anne hesitated as she looked at the tea service on the table and then back at her mother. Tea, she thought. As if this was just a pleasant catch-up chat. She was hungry and the sight of her favorite scones and Earl Grey wasn't helping, but it all seemed a little too comfortable. \"No, thank you,\" she said as she sat down. \"How was your trip?\" \"Very nice.\" \"I'm glad to hear it. We were concerned such a full schedule might have been too much for your first time alone, but you seem to have handled it quite well – notwithstanding your unfortunate indisposition.\" Anne smiled slightly but didn't answer, knowing the worst was yet to come and that her mother was in no hurry to get there. \"I'm so sorry you didn't have more time to take in the sights,\" the queen continued. \"The old cities are worth every moment you can give them.\" \"I'm sure they are.\" \"I always did love Rome. It's cruel, I think, to be indisposed in a place as beautiful as that.\" \"Yes. I wouldn't mind seeing it again someday.\" \"I hope you'll be favored with better luck than this time.\" Anne thought of how differently she and her mother might define good luck. \"As do I.\" \"But since we don't know when that will be,\" the queen continued, \"perhaps you would be willing to show me your pictures in the meantime.\" \"My pictures?\" \"The ones you were given at your press conference there. Professionally done, I understand. I'm sure they're excellent quality.\" Now we come to it, thought Anne. \"They are. But I'm sorry to say I haven't been able to find them. I believe I must have mislaid them somewhere along my travel route.\" Anne saw her parents exchange glances as she spoke. \"It's a shame,\" she said with a sigh. \"Rome is, as you say, such a beautiful city.\" At this Anne saw her father nod at James, who left the room. He's gone to search my suite, she thought. Now the bloodhound's trail goes cold. \"I think I'll have some tea after all, Mother,\" she said, getting up to prepare it. \"May I get you some?\" But the queen, watching her daughter, didn't answer. There it is at last, Anne thought as she saw her mother's look of disappointment. Welcome home. \"Anne,\" said Philip, \"I don't want to make this unpleasant. Before James returns, is there anything you want to tell us?\" \"No,\" said Anne as she returned to the sofa with her tea. \"Nothing at all?\" \"No.\" Philip sighed. \"He's searching your rooms as we speak. What is he going find there?\" \"Nothing more scandalous than my unmentionables, in which I trust he has no interest.\" Philip walked over and laid his hand on her head, much as he'd done when she was a child. She closed her eyes for a moment, wishing the gesture could comfort her now as it did then. \"If there is anything you fear from us,\" he said, \"you need not. We only want to hear the truth.\" \"I don't – \" She was interrupted by a knock on the door, followed by James's entrance. \"Well?\" asked Philip. \"Nothing, Your Majesty.\" James's eyes met Anne's as he spoke and she realized the embers in her fireplace had given him all the information he needed. She waited for him to voice his suspicions, but he was silent. \"Thank you,\" said Philip. \"Begin the project we discussed.\" He waited until James was gone and turned to his daughter. \"What happened in Rome?\" \"I was indisposed.\" \"Yet you somehow found time to cavort with the American press and humiliate my security staff. A remarkable burst of energy, wasn't it, for someone as ill as you were.\" Indeed it was, Anne thought as she recalled the triumph of slipping the noose. \"Then again,\" Philip continued, \"you must have had plenty of time to rest up. I'm sure your American friend was more than considerate in that respect.\" \"Philip, don't – \" \"I most certainly will,\" he interrupted, glancing at his wife and then back to Anne. \"Were you with him?\" Anne knew there was no cause for guilt – her time with Joe had been chaste enough – but her father's implication stirred memories that brought a sudden rush of heat to her face. \"With whom?\" she asked. Catching her mother's eye as she spoke, she saw the blush hadn't gone unnoticed. \"That reporter, the one you went to the barges with. Your Mr. Bradley.\" As he was for a little while, Anne thought. \"Anne?\" said her father. \"I'm waiting.\" But she kept her silence and sipped her tea, watching as her father's growing anger battled his outward calm. \"You cannot imagine,\" he finally said, \"that after everything you put your mother and me through this past week, you have any right at all to refuse us what we ask. The daughter we raised is too smart a girl to believe that.\" \"Apparently not,\" said Alexandra as she fixed her gaze on Anne, \"or she'd never have done anything as stupid and dangerous as running away in the first place.\" \"I wasn't in danger, Mother.\" \"A fact of which neither you nor we were aware until afterward. Your life and your reputation are not yours to toss away on a whim. You cannot act the way everyone else does just because you take it into your head to have a lark.\" \"And let's not forget you were in an unfamiliar city with no security detail,\" said Philip. \"You have no idea how lucky you were. Do you care at all – does it bother you even a little – that your mother and I spent twenty-four hours not knowing if you were alive or dead, or God knows what else?\" Anne debated pointing out this was one of the reasons she'd come back, but she knew in her parents' eyes her return could never atone for her departure. Her father passed a hand over his eyes, seeming to search for his next words. \"We sent you on this tour without us because we wanted the world to see you're ready to start assuming the responsibilities of a future ruler. We won't make that mistake again anytime soon. And you will never put your mother through another night like the one she spent praying to God you were alive and well instead of kidnapped or – \" he stopped, and several moments passed before he spoke again. \"If you think I was hard on you before, just you wait. So help me, if I have to put a round-the-clock guard on you, I will. You won't even be able to go to the loo by yourself. Is that what you want?\" What I want, Anne thought, is to get as far away from here as possible. To go someplace I have no name. To see whether reality can compare to my memories of him. She set down her teacup and stood. \"Place the guard if you wish, but it won't be necessary.\" She could see from her parents' expressions that they'd been expecting a protest. As she started to leave, her father's voice stopped her. \"You didn't answer my question.\" \"I have nothing to say, Papa.\" But the name she'd used for him since childhood no longer seemed to fit. \"How curious that you and your American friend should have that trait in common.\" Anne froze, her hand on the doorknob. How did he know that? He couldn't, unless… …Unless James had spoken with Joe himself. Slowly she turned to face her parents. \"For his sake,\" Philip continued, \"you may want to reconsider.\" \"For his sake?\" \"Whatever he may be to you, he's nothing but a potential information source to me. Suffice it to say he doesn't have the same protections you do.\" Her father's words revealed him to Anne in a whole new light. Gone was the man whose love she'd never had to question, who had shielded her from her mother's impossible expectations, whom she'd always thought was the wisest and most principled person in the room. In his place was a ruthless adversary cunning enough to use his own daughter's feelings against her to vanquish her secrecy. She suspected that, instead of seeing a change in him, she was finally seeing him as he was – and she wondered how she could have missed it for so long. \"I don't want to hurt you, love, but you've made a choice not to help us,\" Philip said. \"And choices have consequences, as every aspiring leader must learn.\" I never aspired to this, Anne thought . \"So they do,\" she answered. \"For example, if you choose to cause harm to an innocent man, then on the first day of my reign I will choose to issue a public apology to him on behalf of the Crown.\" As she spoke, her father's initial surprise was gradually replaced by a look Anne had seen only a few times in her life – one that had never been aimed at her until now. \"And I'll ensure Mr. Bradley receives full recompense for whatever wrongs you do him. All of which might raise some interesting questions not only about the ethics of your rule, but also about my…indisposition.\" Philip contemplated his daughter without a word. Well done, my girl, his eyes seemed to say. I see you're further along in your lessons than I thought. Anne suppressed a smile at his evident recognition that she would now meet him on the field of battle as an equal. One betrayal for another, she thought. \"Would you give us a moment, dear?\" asked Alexandra. \"I need to speak with Anne in private.\" \"Yes,\" Philip answered, still looking at Anne. \"Of course.\" He left the room, shutting the door behind him. Though she savored her victory, Anne knew from his parting glance that she'd won only the first round. \"Were you intimate with him?\" Not for the first time, Anne admired the efficiency with which her mother could humiliate her. \"I wasn't intimate with anyone.\" \"Then I don't need to make any arrangements? There's not even the slightest chance you're…\" \"Not the slightest.\" Alexandra appraised her daughter for a moment, then nodded. \"I believe you,\" she said. \"But I think there's more to that story.\" Anne was silent as she held her mother's gaze, her anger keeping back the telltale blush. \"You may have cowed your father with all your fine words,\" Alexandra continued, \"but if I ever find out this man took advantage of you in any way, I promise you that no apology of yours will be able to help him.\" We'll see, thought Anne. But she knew from long experience that she had to choose her battles with her mother, and she was in no frame of mind for this one. So she decided to start with something easier. \"I'm sorry, Mother.\" \"Are you really?\" the queen asked, raising an eyebrow. \"For what?\" \"I know you were worried about me, and I regret that.\" Anne sighed. \"But the truth is that I felt so confused after they gave me the drug that I wasn't sure – \" \"What drug? What do you mean?\" \"I'm sure they meant well. They were working so hard, just as I was – \" Alexandra took her daughter by the shoulders. \"Tell me.\" \"I guess I was more tired than I thought after the ball, and I'm afraid I got a bit hysterical. The Countess and the Ambassador asked the doctor to give me a shot of something to calm me down.\" Perfect, Anne thought as she saw her mother's eyes narrow. \"I think they were just worried – \" \"What did they give you?\" \"I don't know. I asked the doctor, but he didn't tell me.\" \"You were drugged when you left the Embassy that night?\" Anne nodded. \"What happened after that?\" \"I remember falling asleep, but then it gets a little hazy.\" It stopped being hazy at her first sight of the handsome, surly reporter whose wry amusement only encouraged her confidence, but she thought it best to keep the focus elsewhere. \"Papa was right. I was…luckier than I knew.\" She paused, giving her mother time to get the inference, and felt tears sting her eyes as she thought of the strange luck that had brought Joe to her and taken him away in twenty-four hours. She fought through the instinct to run, to push the pain away, and instead turned it to her advantage, letting the tears linger just long enough for her mother to see them. Then she swiped at her cheeks and attempted a smile. The display was even more effective than she'd hoped. \"Oh, my girl,\" said Alexandra, taking Anne's face in her hands. \"My precious girl. Do you understand now why we were so upset?\" Anne nodded. \"And you understand you can't do this again, Anne. Not ever. You can't put us through it.\" \"I won't.\" \"I want you to promise me.\" \"I give you my word, Mother.\" \"Thank you.\" Alexandra kissed Anne's forehead. \"I suggest you get to bed. It's back to work for all of us tomorrow.\" \"I will. Good night.\" \"Good night, dear.\" Anne watched her mother leave, then turned to the tea service. She had some thinking to do, and tea and scones always went well with that. Philip looked up from his reading as his wife climbed into bed beside him. \"I take it she survived the encounter?\" \"You know full well we weren't half as hard on her as she deserved.\" \"A deficit I trust you'll erase at your first opportunity.\" Alexandra shook her head as she stared up at the crown molding above her. \"I meant what I said earlier. I do want to give her some time.\" \"Why?\" \"She's…different. She's changed somehow. I want to see how far that change goes, or whether she'll just – \" \"Go back to normal? I'm not sure that's possible.\" \"Even if it were, I'm not sure she should.\" Alexandra turned on her side to face her husband. \"She actually apologized to me for making us worry the way she did.\" \"She's never apologized for anything in her life.\" \"She never had much reason to, did she?\" Philip considered his daughter's unquestioning obedience over the years. \"Maybe we should have seen it coming.\" \"Well, whatever it is, it's here now,\" said Alexandra. \"And it brought with it a rather inconvenient infatuation.\" Philip frowned. \"I'd hoped I was wrong about that.\" \"It's the only possible explanation for her open defiance of you.\" \"As to that – she's right, of course. Nothing I say or do can bind her when she's queen. But we're not yet beyond recourse.\" \"I'm not sure tapping her phones and monitoring her mail will be enough this time.\" \"Which is why I asked James to do a bit of digging on our American interloper.\" \"You want to disillusion her.\" \"She only wants to protect him because she sees him as her tragic lost love. I intend to present her with a clearer view. \" \"Good. And…\" Alexandra paused, considering. \"I think there's something else we can do. Not for a while yet, though.\" \"What do you have in mind?\" \"We've gotten so many good offers lately. Last week's was one of the best I've seen yet. I think it's about time she started entertaining some of them.\" \"Agreed. She's almost twenty-five; it's getting a bit silly.\" Philip set his book on the nightstand. \"I meant to ask you – what were you two talking about after I left?\" \"I'm afraid I had to ask her if there was a chance she'd make us grandparents.\" \"Oh, good Lord,\" said Philip as he sat up. \"I didn't even think – she didn't – she's not…?\" \"She didn't.\" \"Thank God,\" Philip muttered as he sank back on the bed. Alexandra started to turn over, then stopped. \"I almost forgot. Will you do something for me?\" \"Anything.\" \"I want Dr. Bonnachoven fired.\" \"He's been with us for over thirty years. Why would I fire him?\" Alexandra laid her hand on Philip's cheek. \"Because you trust that I have my reasons.\" \"All right, love.\" Philip turned to kiss his wife's palm. \"Consider it done.\" To any of my previous readers who may be checking in on me – I thank you from the bottom of my heart for still caring about this story. Much more to come, and it should be faster since I ended up breaking this chapter in half. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 - Fallout It was nearly dawn when Joe got up from his desk and walked over to his window."},{"Movie":"Elf","Title":"Buddy's new adventure!","Author":"moodygoth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7738911","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note: Please leave reviews, it's my first fan fic so be nice! I hope you enjoy my story. It is a bit of an odd story but I think it's good. Please leave your comments as to what you think it's like. Buddy the elf was trudging through the snow on Christmas Eve. He was returning home to his wife, Jovie and his daughter, Anna. (Just made this name up, in the film the baby didn't have a name) He had just spoken to Santa about Anna, telling him what Buddy thought where good presents for her. Santa had assured him that Anna was on the good list and was getting some wonderful presents. As Buddy walked through the door he saw Jovie talking to Anna. Anna was going to be one this Christmas, so he wanted to make sure everything would be perfect. \"Is she asleep?\" Buddy asked trying to sneak over to where the two girls were sitting. \"Just. She's so beautiful when she's asleep.\"Jovie answered. \"Can I see her?\" \"Yes, of course. Come quietly over here.\" Buddy tried to quietly walk over to where Jovie was sitting holding Anna, but unfortunately Buddy tripped on the little lamp that was placed on the floor. He tried to steady himself by holding onto a chair, but that fell over too. Buddy lay on the floor dreading the sound of Anna waking up, when she didn't, he tried to shift the chair out the way and sit up. But he had been lying on the lamp and the bulb started to burn him. \"Ouch!\" He yelled, jumping up, that made the chair go flying half way across the little room; It landed loudly on the floor. \"Oh dear.\" Said Jovie, frowning slightly. Both went very quiet, listening for the tell tale sound of Anna waking up. Luckily she didn't. Buddy sighed and decided to take Anna to her room to sleep in a peaceful environment. As Buddy lay her down in her bed, she opened her eyes sleepily, \"Christmas?\" She said in a baby voice \"Not yet, darling. You just go back to sleep and it will be Christmas before you know it.\" During the night Santa knocked at his door. \"SSSHHHH!\" Cried Buddy opening the door, \"I'm sorry, Jovie and Anna are asleep.\" \"I'm sorry to wake you all, but there's something important you have to do for me. You have travelled to New York before, and I need you to do it again for me.\" Santa looked as if he hadn't slept of a million years. \"Ok, when?\" \"Oh, umm. Now?\" \"What? I can't leave now its Anna's first Christmas tomorrow, I can't just leave them!\" \"I know, I wouldn't ask you to do this unless it was important. I can stay with them. You will most likely be back before morning anyway.\" \"Ok... what is it?\" If you want more please review! I will get back to it later.[Chapter 2] Authors note: Please leave reviews, it's my first fan fic so be nice! I hope you enjoy my story. It is a bit of an odd story but I think it's good. Please leave your comments as to what you think it's like. Buddy the elf was trudging through the snow on Christmas Eve. He was returning home to his wife, Jovie and his daughter, Anna. (Just made this name up, in the film the baby didn't have a name) He had just spoken to Santa about Anna, telling him what Buddy thought where good presents for her. Santa had assured him that Anna was on the good list and was getting some wonderful presents. As Buddy walked through the door he saw Jovie talking to Anna. Anna was going to be one this Christmas, so he wanted to make sure everything would be perfect. \"Is she asleep?\" Buddy asked trying to sneak over to where the two girls were sitting. \"Just. She's so beautiful when she's asleep.\"Jovie answered. \"Can I see her?\" \"Yes, of course. Come quietly over here.\" Buddy tried to quietly walk over to where Jovie was sitting holding Anna, but unfortunately Buddy tripped on the little lamp that was placed on the floor. He tried to steady himself by holding onto a chair, but that fell over too. Buddy lay on the floor dreading the sound of Anna waking up, when she didn't, he tried to shift the chair out the way and sit up. But he had been lying on the lamp and the bulb started to burn him. \"Ouch!\" He yelled, jumping up, that made the chair go flying half way across the little room; It landed loudly on the floor. \"Oh dear.\" Said Jovie, frowning slightly. Both went very quiet, listening for the tell tale sound of Anna waking up. Luckily she didn't. Buddy sighed and decided to take Anna to her room to sleep in a peaceful environment. As Buddy lay her down in her bed, she opened her eyes sleepily, \"Christmas?\" She said in a baby voice \"Not yet, darling. You just go back to sleep and it will be Christmas before you know it.\" During the night Santa knocked at his door. \"SSSHHHH!\" Cried Buddy opening the door, \"I'm sorry, Jovie and Anna are asleep.\" \"I'm sorry to wake you all, but there's something important you have to do for me. You have traveled to New York before, and I need you to do it again for me.\" Santa looked as if he hadn't slept of a million years. \"OK, when?\" \"Oh, umm. Now?\" \"What? I can't leave now its Anna's first Christmas tomorrow, I can't just leave them!\" \"I know, I wouldn't ask you to do this unless it was important. I can stay with them. You will most likely be back before morning anyway.\" \"OK... what is it?\" If you want more please review! I will get back to it later . Sorry I took so long, been busy with homework/ schoolwork and until recently I didn't know how to edit a story! It still won't be finished for a long time, but now I know how to edit it, I can't use that excuse anymore! Sorry for my rambling. I hope you like the next chapter. \"Well, I was flying through New York, I landed at this nice big house, like always I landed on the roof and when I came back, all I could see was my slay, flying away without me!\" Santa almost burst into tears as he said this. \"Anyway, whoever it was, they are most likely in New York still, you can take some presents from the slay for your little one, if you like.\" \"Oh thank you Santa!\" Buddy hugged the big man and squeezed. \"Your outfit is really warm!\" \"Umm... Buddy?\" \"Oh, right, sorry. Was that one of those awkward moments?\" \"Yeah. So you should be back before dawn.\" Buddy's feet hurt and he was cold, he had left his favorite green coat at home, and sitting on an ice burg for an hour or so makes you cold! He had traveled, so far, almost all the way, maybe just half an hour to an hour, and he'd be there! Half an hour later, Buddy arrived in New York, It was just as he remembered it, well accept for the fact it was darker then his memory could remember and it was certainly wetter. it wasn't snowing, but it was raining and the snow that had already settled on the ground, was not turning slushy and disgusting. Buddy somehow knew where the slay theifs would be, but first he had some unfinished business. I hope you like that chapter! Sorry it's so short, I didn't really have much time. But I will get back to it later. ","Summary":" Authors note: Please leave reviews, it's my first fan fic so be nice! I hope you enjoy my story. It"},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Wanting love again","Author":"ScarlettLovesRhett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4974246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Here's the full summery of Roman Holiday so that way you guys aren't lost. Princess Ann is tired of her goodwill tour in Rome so she starts to rebel agents her duties. So she runs away for one evening. However, a shot she was forced to take earlier to get her to sleep starts to take effect, and the princess is soon fast asleep on a bench. She is found by Joe Bradly an American newspaper reporter. He believes her to be drunk so he takes her back to his apartment. The next morning Joe dashes off to cover the Princess Anne press conference, unaware that she is sleeping on his couch! Joe promises his editor that he will get the interview with the princess. To make this short Joe takes Ann to places in Rome and do things she has always wanted to do. At the end Joe and Ann fall in love but Ann realizes that she can't stay so she goes back to the palace. Disclaimer : I don't own the characters but I do own the plot. There's a mountain between us But there's one thing I'm sure of That I now how I feel about you now Miranda Cosgrove- About you now Wanting love again Chapter 1: Wanting him back It's been a year since Princess Ann and Joe Bradley have seen each other. Ann went back to her country to do her duties as a Princess. Joe left Italy for New York City to further his career as a newspaper reporter. While performing her royal duties Ann began to miss Joe terribly. More then she ever had before. The love and passion had never left her heart. More then anything in the world she wanted to be with him. Instead of being a princess of an unnamed country ( A/N: yes in the movie it is an unnamed country) Ann's POV. I was sitting in the thrown room lessening to the plans for the day. Oh how I hated this part of the day. If you ask me this was the worst part of the whole day. \"Do we have to do this?\" I asked with boredom in my voice as I began slouching in my seat. \"Of course we do. It's better to get this done in the morning then later when you're tired after the day's events\" my lady in waiting answered looking at me. \"Now please don't slouch princesses do not do that\". I took a deep breath then answered in a coma manner \"I'm truly sorry\" sitting up straight. I felt so foolish it wasn't even funny. I could hardly take this anymore. I felt like I did a year ago when I was in Italy. Miserable and tired of being a princess. Being told what to do and when to do it. I felt like I was in a gilded cage. While my lady in waiting continued with today's plans. I blocked her out by thinking of Joe. We had an amazing time together. The day I was with him my problems disappeared. Then I had to go back to my royal duties. I new that we couldn't be together I had my duties to do. What kind of princess would I be if I didn't come back? Not a very good one. But I just wanted to be happy that was all. I'm so unhappy I can't believe I came back. The whole reason why I left was to be happy. Just thinking about those memories made me want to cry. Before I knew it tears where trickling off my eyelashes and started to run down my face. Without realizing it I began to sob. \"Ann what is the matter? Your not having another breakdown like you did in Rome are you?\" my lady in waiting asked putting down her pencil and planning book. She proceeded to put her hand to my forehead to see if I had a tempter. \"No I'm not having a breakdown. I'm just unhappy\" I cried as I buried my face into my hands. I couldn't help it I was just so unhappy. But then again maybe I was having another breakdown? I just didn't know. All I knew was that I wanted Joe. A/N: So what do you think? Roman Holiday is a great movie if you haven't seen it I recommend it. It stars Gregory Peck and introducing Audrey Hepburn. Sorry this is a short chapter I figured I would stop here. Please Review thanks:)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Loving her Joe's POV. I was sitting at my desk working on a story. That was due this afternoon to my editor. I couldn't really focus on the story. My mind began to wonder back to that warm Italian day I had with Ann. That morning I was supposed to have an interview with the princess. But little did I know that she was asleep on my couch. After making a deal with my editor about how I could get the story. So I took a holiday taking the princess all over Rome. By the end of the day we had fallen in Ann had to go back to her duties as a princess. A year later I'm back in New York with out my princess. I didn't even hear the person that had entered my office. \"Joe, Joe are you there?\" asked the voice. I turned around in my chair to face Irving. \"Sorry Irving I was…just thinking\" I said leaning back in my seat. \"You miss her don't you?\" Irving asked lighting a cigarette. \"A lot\" I answered with a sigh. \"Joe she's a princess\" Irving said putting his lighter away. I just sat threw without a word just thoughts and memories. \"Don't worry Joe you'll find her again\" Irving added moments later. Would I find her again? Would we get to be together? \"You're going to turn in that story?\" Irving asked looking down at my story that was all over my desk. \"Yaw its due at noon\" I answered looking at Irving. \"You might want to get going its 11:55\" Irving said looking at his watch. My Editors office \"What's this it's not done\" my editor John Johnson said throwing down the story. I was so caught up in memories that I forgot to finish it. \"I'm sorry sir I was busy doing something else\" I answered clearing my throat. \"You've been out of it since Princess Ann left Rome\" Johnson said with a frown on his face. \"Am I fired?\" I asked. I couldn't afforded that right now. \"No you're fired when I'm yelling much more\" Johnson said standing up. I thanked god I wasn't fired then thanked Mr. Johnson a thousand times for not firing me. \"He's losing it\" I heard Mr. Johnson say as I shut the door. As I was going back to my apartment. I kept asking myself over and over again \"Would I find her again?\" I looked at my watch it was 12:30 the bar should be opened by now. So I can go drown my sorrows out with a beer. I made my way into the bar sat down and got a beer. Moments later a young man came and sat next to me. \"Hey your the guy who interview Princess Ann right?\" the man asked as he downed his liquor. \"Yes why?\" I asked looking over at him as I lite a cigarette. \"Oh just asking people are asking if it was you. So I decided I would ask\" the man answered. I sat there for a few more minuets finished my drink and cigarette and left. As I was walking past the calcium where I had first met Ann. I thought she was drunk but it turns out she had received something to make her sleep. I arrived home to an empty apartment like normal. If only Ann could have staid with me then things would be different. How I missed her. A/N: Aw poor Joe. Do you think him and Ann will get to be together? Keep reading it gets better, ha, ha:) Please read and review thanks. Oh and sorry for another shot chapter. The next one will be twice as long. I've just been really busy with other stories so that's why its not so long.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Please let me go back There's a mountain between us But there's one thing I'm sure of that I now how I feel about you now Miranda Cosgrove- About you now A/N: I would like to thank all my readers and reviewers. Thank you so much:) This chapters longer then the other two by a long shot:) Oh and I did find something that might give you guys a visual of this movie. Its called Remembering Roman Holiday. The links are (there's three parts) on my page. If you guys watch this my story will make a lot more since. That is if you've never seen the movie. Just thought I would help you guys out:) Warning! : Just to let you know this chapter is very sad. I thought I would let you know ahead of time. Ann's POV. I was put to bed because everyone \"thought\" I was sick or having a breakdown like I did in Rome. I'm just unhappy and a little bit tired. But one thing is for sure I'm not having a breakdown. I shut my tired eyes and went to sleep. I began to dream about me and Joe. It was such a great dream I began talking in my sleep. Moments later I woke realizing it was only a dream. I began crying because it was just a dream. As I berried my face into my pillow I heard something. Oh no it was my parents. I dried my tears as best as I could before they came in. \"How are you filling my dear?\" my father asked. \"Better I guess\" I answered looking at my parents. I wasn't sick to began with my parents are just over protective that's all. I'm a Princess not the crown jewels. Well I guess in a way I am. \"You still fill a little warm\" my mother said with concern as she felt my not so hot forehead. Okay that's it I'm fed up with this so I spoke up. \"I'm not sick, I don't have a fever I'm just unhappy\" I basically yelled looking at my parents. My parents looked at me with wide eyes. I had never yelled at my parents before. \"Well for you to be this mad you must be very sick\" both my parents said at once. \"Uh how many times do I have to say it I'm not sick or hardly tired\" I said with some force this time. The next thing I said just came out I didn't even have time to stop it. \"All I want is to get out of these four walls. And go find Joe and to live happily ever after\" I put my hand over my mouth. I forgot my parents didn't know about Joe. Except at the Royal interview back in Rome. \"Well when did this happen?\" my father asked passing about my room. I could tell they where not pleased not pleased at all. So I choose my words very carefully. If I didn't things would turn out all wrong and then I would never get to see Joe again. \"When we where in Rome. The day that I got out from the palace\" I began. I spilled the whole story. What else could I do lie about it and then get in bigger trouble? I don't think so I already did something wrong anyway. \"Oh my god\" my mother said with no more words as she sat in a near by chair. \"Is there anything else Ann?\" my father asked looking at me. \"No I don't thing so\" I answered looking at the ground. Of course I knew better. \"Good you are to never see him again\" both my parents said with stern voices. My head shot up at the sound of those words. No I can't I won't. Of course what other chooses did I have? Run away again like I did before? For crying out lowed I'm 20 years old I should be able to do what I want I'm an adult now. If I want to see Joe then I should be able to. \"No! How can you say that…I love him\" I blurted out throwing back the covers. \"Plus I'm an adult not a child anymore.\" \"I'm sorry Ann but you'll have to forget about him. You live under are place you live under are rules\" my mother said as she and my father left my room. I began crying and begging my parents. I new they could still hear me. \"Please let me go back to Italy. Plea- please\" I sobbed all the fillings in my heart out. It had all bullited up and finally just burst. I laid my head on my bed and sobbed more. \"No this can't be happening. I'm not letting this happen I'm the princess I should have a say in what I do\". I cried for a few more long and lonely minuets. I thought of an idea I could write to Joe. I remember he told me what his address was so I could pay him back for the money that I had borrowed from him. I went to my desk got some paper and pen. Dear Joe; I am terribly unhappy. I want to come back to Italy. Things have just been miserable since I left. My parents know about use. They where so mad they said I couldn't see you ever again. I want to be happy again like I was when it was me and you. P.S. I love you with all my heart. With all my love Princess Ann I put the royal sill on it then asked the maid to see that it got mailed. She said it would right away. After doing that I went back to bed. After crying my eyes out I was tired go figure. Meanwhile in Rome, Italy The letter arrived in Rome only not to Joe. It arrived to his neighbor. The neighbor saw that it was addressed to Joe so he mailed it to New York City where Joe now lived. Ann's POV. I was packing my bags for New York City. My parents thought me taking a vacation would get my mind off of Joe. If anything it would make it worse. I looked around my room to make sure I hadn't forgotten anything. I had forgotten one thing and that was my heart. That was one thing I would never get back. Because Joe had it. I let a tear roll down my face then left for New York. A/N: Poor Ann. Will she get to see Joe again now that she has to go to New York? Well you'll have to see. I'm writhing the next chapter right now:) Please review thanks:)[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Could it be There's a mountain between us But there's one thing I'm sure of that I now how I feel about you now Miranda Cosgrove- About you now Joe's POV. When I got back from the bar I saw a letter taped to the door. It had the some kind of seal on it. I opened it and began reading. The letter was from Ann. She was unhappy and wanted to come back to Italy. Wait Italy I wasn't living there anymore. What would happen when she got there and I wasn't there? I read on Ann was so unhappy that she thought about running away again. After finishing the letter I sat down and thought. But I couldn't think of anything. Just the thought of Ann being Italy alone…without me. All of a sudden there was a knock at my door. Irving came in very excitedly. \"What are you so happy about?\" I asked raising my eyebrows. 'This\" Irving said handing me a paper. \"Princess Ann is to arrive to New York. Tomorrow on the Queen Elizabeth the II. After telling her parents about the reporter she had met. Her parents thought she could use a vacation to New York City\" I finished the article then looked at Irving. 'Here's your chance to get her back\" Irving said with a smile. He was right this time we would stay together forever. . \"Do you think Mr. Johnson will let me cover this story?\" I asked Irving looking at the paper again. \"Maybe but your going to have to do a lot of convincing\" Irving answered. \"I've got an idea that might just work follow me\" I said going to Mr. Johnson's office. Ann's POV. I arrived to America/New York City on March 20, 1956. As I got off the boat two men in uniform approached me. \"Princess Ann where the service here in the U.S. who will be looking after you\" the taller man said with the sandy blond hair. \"Where is your mother and father?\" asked the other man. \"They where right behind me\" I said looking around. 'There they are \" I said pointing to my left. \"Ann you no you're not allowed to leave are sight\" my mother said scolding me. Oh my gosh if I hadn't said it…more like thought it. I'm 20 years old not 8. \"Mother I'm capable of taking care of myself\" I said with my small accent. My mother nor father said a word. We got in a taxi…taxi! I remember when I first rode in a taxi. Joe took the taxi because he thought I was drunk. Really I wasn't drunk at all. I was just tried from the medicine I had received earlier that night. Anyway before I start crying again. We made are way to the Stafford estate, where we where staying. I soon saw something; I thought I would never get to see the statue of liberty. \"Mother, father look!\" I said pointing at the big statue. \"Yes dear\" my father said with no added emotions. How can my parents not be existed about this. I mean its New York City. I just sat back and sighed. Fifteen minuets later we arrived to the house. The house was as big as are palace. Stone two and half stories. Gardens with roses and many more flowers. I got out of the taxi and looked up at a window with the curtons blowing in the wind. \"Hope this is to your liking princess\" the maid said with a bow. \"It is thank you very much\" I said turning around. When the maid left I looked around the room. A white for poster bed was agents the wall. A big walk in closet fit for a princess laugh out lowed. Three windows tow where agents the west wall, the other was on the north wall. A window seat was on the right window. A fire place between the two windows. The room in just one word wow. I looked out a window to see the many flower gardens. On the horizon you could see the tops of buildings. I signed sadly. Looking out and seeing the city. Was really something to see, considering where I come from? There was a small sound that interrupted my thoughts. \"Ann are you settled in?\" my parents asked coming into my room. \"Yes I'm moved in\" I answered with a weak smile. \"Good now if you would come with us. There's a parade in honor of us\" my father said. \"Do I have to? Can't I go shopping or explore New York City?\" I asked begging with a puppy dog look. \"No! Not what happened in Rome last summer\" my parents said putting down there foot. I stayed quiet and went down to the car. This was so unfair but there was nothing I could do. Joe's POV. at Mr. Johnson's office . \"Let me get this straight. You want to cover the Princess stay in New York. Because you didn't get the story you said you where getting last year in Rome?\" Mr. Johnson asked sitting at his desk. \"Yes sir. I know I can get it this time\" answered with pride. But I needed to be careful about this whole pride thing could it could bit me in the butt. \"Oh all right fine. But you have to make sure you get the story this time\" Mr. Johnson said finally caving in. \"Thanks Mr. Johnson I said with a smile. \"Do you mine if I call you John?\" I asked. \"Yes I do. Now I need the story by noon Friday. Is that clear?\" Mr. Johnson asked looking at me waiting for an answer. \"Yes sir. And don't worry I will make sure I get the story to you\" I said going out of his office. As I got into the hallway I saw Irving sitting with a cigarette in his mouth. \"Did you get the story?\" Irving asked getting up from his seat. \"I sure did. Its due noon on Friday. So we need to get to business\" I answered going to the front door. \"Well are you going to the parade in honor the Princess and her parents?\" Irving asked as he lighted his cigarette. \"I'm going right now. I'm not going to miss this moment\" I answered going out the door to where the parade was to be. We got a great spot to take the pictures. Ann's POV. My parents wanted me to wear something more like a Princess. Then my normal outfit which consisted of a long skirt, with a matching shirt. So I choose a little pink outfit with a small thing of roses. I put my hat on and went to the car. \"Are you ready my dear?\" my mother asked getting into a car in front of me. \"Yes mother I'm ready\" I answered with a sigh. \"I've been ready for a while now\" I mumbled under my breath. \"Did you say something Ann?\" My father asked looking back at me. \"No father I did not\" I answered not with whole honestly. Moments later the parade started. There where millions of people lining the streets I felt like I was in the Macys Day Parade (I've read about it) the parade was about 15 to 20 minuets long. Not that bad really. I mean all I have to do is sit here and wave and look pretty. So I did with a smile on my face. There where people yelling my name. I never realized how many people new who I was. At one point I thought I spotted Joe. But how could it be Joe was in Italy. I shook it from my mind and whet on waving. By the time we where done it was 1:30. I was getting hungry and board. My parents where talking to people I had never seen before. They had a boy with them he looked like he was my age. I wasn't going to interrupt there conversation. So I took it upon myself and went farther into New York. There where so many stores and things to see. I was taking in the beauty of the city when I bumped into someone. \"I'm so sorry sir I-\"I began. When I looked up I saw… Preview for next chapter: Who did I just bump into? I looked up and saw...Was I dreaming this. It couldn't be could it? I didn't trust my eyes until the person spoke. \"Ann is that you?\" the voice asked with happiness. Yes it was the person I was hoping for. it was... A/N: Sorry that's all you get for now. This is all I have written really. Hope its enough for now. What do you think?[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: It's him There's a mountain between us But there's one thing I'm sure of that I now how I feel about you now Miranda Cosgrove- About you now Ann's POV. Who did I just bump into? I looked up and saw… was I dreaming this? It couldn't be could it? I didn't trust my eyes until the person spoke. \"Ann is that you?\" the voice asked with happiness. Yes it was the person I was hoping for. \"Joe!\" I said giving him a huge. \"I thought you where in Rome still?\" I asked looking at him I didn't want to let him go. \"I was but a month after you left I came back to New York\" Joe answered. \" I couldn't stay in Italy knowing you where back in your country\". \"I've missed you so much\" I said as tears filled my eyes and trickled off my eyelashes and down my face. I didn't know if I would ever get to see him again. He pulled me to his chest and told me that everything was going to be just fine, and that he would never leave me. \"Ann don't you worry about anything. I'm right here to pretecte you in anyway\" I looked up into his eyes, I believed him whole heatedly. Before I knew it his lips brushed mine. I didn't want the moment to end. While we where in the moment I heard someone calling my name. No it couldn't be it was my parents. I had finally found him and now I had to leave him. I broke the kiss with a gasp. \"What is it?\" Joe asked looking at me. \"It's my parents. Hear the sirens there looking for me\" I answered looking around. \"I have to leave\" turning around and leaving. \"Wait where are you staying?\" Joe asked taking my hand. \"At the Stafford Estate. But come when my parents are asleep which would be around midnight\" I said as I turned to run. But it was to late my parents had found me. \"Ann Elizabeth don't you ever leave are sight again. Is that clear\" my father said with anger. \"I'm sorry I-\"I began but didn't finish. \"I said is that clear Ann?\"my father said with anger again. \"Yes father I understand\" I said looking at the ground. I felt like a child being watched by my parents I was old enough to take care of myself. \"Who is this?\" my mother asked looking at Joe. \"This is Joe Bradley the man I told you about\" I said introducing Joe. \"So you're the young man who are daughter has fallen in love with\" my parents asked looking at Joe waiting for an answer. \"Yes your majesties\" Joe said looking at my parents with full honesty. I just watched as Joe told my parents the truth. What would happen now? Would things ever be the same between us? Probably not. \"Come Ann where late for lunch\" my mother said going back to the taxi followed by father. I stayed behind to say by to Joe. \"I'm so sorry I thought they wouldn't notice I was gone\" I said looking up at Joe. \"Its okay I'll see you tonight\" Joe said with a smile. \"See you tonight then\" I said returning the smile. I was about to give him a kiss good-bye, but my parents yelled at me. \"Ann get over here now!\" I looked at Joe with sad eyes then turned and left. Joe's POV. I had finally found my princess. It took a year but I finally did. As the taxi sped off Irving walked up. \"You okay Joe?\" Irving asked. 'Who was that in the taxi?\" \"That was Ann\" I answered with a smile. \"Really wow she's changed a little\" Irving answered with wide eyes. \"I don't think so. She grew her hair back out but that's about it\" I answered. \"There is one set back though. Her parents don't approve of me. A princess and commoner\" \"Like Cinderella\" Irving said with a smile. I just looked at him. \"So what are you going to do about her parents then?\" Irving asked. \"Ann told me to come over while her parents where asleep, which would be midnight\" I said walking down 5th Avenue. A/N: Aw they finally met. What do you think will happen next? Will Joe and Ann get to be together or will fate tare them apart? You'll have to wait a little while to find out. In the mean while here's a small sneak peak of the next chapter. Also Review thanks:) Sneak Peak: I was reading Wuthering Heights when all of a sudden I fell asleep. While I slept I heard something. I opened my eyes to hear something hitting my window. Then I heard my name \"Ann are you there?\" it was Joe. I went over to the window to see Joe throwing little pebbles at my window. \"You made it\" I said with happiness. \"Of course I did. What did you think I had forgotten?\" he asked with a smile. \"It did cross my mind. But then again I fell asleep reading\" I answered with a laugh. \"I'm coming up\" Joe said coming up the vine.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Midnight visit Ann's POV . I was reading Wuthering Heights. I was at the part where Heathcliff comes back from America and visits Cathy. But all of a sudden I fell asleep. I must have been really tired from the day's events. While I slept I heard something. I opened my eyes to hear something hitting my window. Then I heard my name. \"Ann are you there?\" it was Joe. I went over to the window to see Joe throwing little pebbles at my window. \"You made it\" I said with happiness. \"Of course I did. What did you think I had forgotten?\" he asked with a smile. \"It did cross my mind. But then again I fell asleep reading\" I answered with a laugh. \"I'm coming up\" Joe said coming up the vine. He truly was my knight in shining armor. \"These are for you\" Joe said handing me a dozen long stem red roses. \"There beautiful. You're so sweet\" I said giving him a kiss. \"So this is what its like to be royalty?\" Joe asked looking around the room. \"Yaw but I would rather live outside these four walls\" I said with a sigh. \"Then come with me. And we could live happily ever after\" Joe said taking my hand. I wanted to so bad. But I couldn't I was a princess. I was not a regular person. \"You know I would love to. But I-I can't\" I cried as tears ran down my face. \"Ann its okay don't cry. Everything will turn out all right\" Joe said wiping my tears. We talked a little while longer, more like hours longer. Before I knew it I was a sleep in Joe's arms. The sun shown through my windows. I opened my eyes to see it was 7:30. Oh my god I had to be down at breakfast by eight. \"Joe I have to get ready and be down stairs by eight\" I said getting up and going to my closet. \"I will see you later then\" Joe said kissing my forehead. I walked him over to the window and kissed him goodbye. I watched as he walked away. He turned around and said in a quit voice. \"Till tonight my princess\". I blew him a kiss and went and got ready. I choose a little blue sun dress and a little white hat to go with it. I looked in the mirror and then went to breakfast. Breakfast fifteen minuets later As I sat eating my breakfast I began humming. My parents looked at me with curiosity. \"Ann is everything all right?\" my father asked putting down his fork. \"Yes I'm fine father. Why do you ask?\" I asked putting down my glass of orange juice. \"Because you began humming and it looked like you where starting to daydream\" my mother said looking at me from the other end of the table. \"I'm just in a good mode I guess. That's all\" I said with a smile. I was so scared that my parents would see right through me. But they didn't at least not right now. I got done with breakfast told my parents that I loved them. Then I went and walked the grounds. It was a beautiful day out the sun was shining; there wasn't a cloud in the sky. The flowers where in full bloom. I began to pick a dozen of them. I didn't even notice that someone had walked up. \"Having fun your highness? It's been long time no see\" the strong deep voice said. I looked up to see Joe standing there. \"Joe what are you doing here? You're not supposed to be here now\" I said sitting down the flowers and running into his arms. \"I know but I just had to see you\" Joe said kissing me. It was like we where the only people in the world. All of a sudden I heard foot steps. They where getting closer and closer. \"Ann! We told you to never see him again\" my mother yelled. I parted from Joe and looked at mother. \"But mother-\"I started mother cut me off and began once again. \"I don't care Ann. Get in hear there is someone me and your father want you to meat\" mother said taking my arm. \"Me and your father will talk to you later about this matter\" she finished dragging me inside. I looked back at Joe as tears filled my eyes. I knew that when my parents talked about this \"matter\" that I would never see him again. I knew that for a fact. \"This is Jason Lewis and his parents Mr. and Mrs. Lewis. There the rulers of the kingdom the next village over\" my mother said introducing me to them. \"It's nice to meat you Jason and Mr. and Mrs. Lewis \"I said shaking there hands. Jason kissed my hand. \"It's nice to meat you as well Ann. I'm sure we will get along nicely\" Jason said with a smile. What is he talking about \"will get along nicely\" I had just meat him it's not like we where going to be getting married or anything. \"What is he talking about \"will get along nicely?\" I asked looking at my parents with confusion in my dark brown eyes. \"Well Ann, Jason here is your fiancée\" my mother said looking at Jason and his parents. No what where my parents talking about? My fiancée? my heart was already with Joe not this man I had just meat. He was at least five years older then me. Well so was Joe but that's different. \"My what? No I won't go through with this. My hearts already with someone else\" I said running up to my room. \"Excuse us\" I heard my mother say as my parents followed me. I ran into my room and fell on my bed and cried my eyes out. \"Ann that was uncalled for you get yourself back down there and apologies to the Lewis's\" my father said coming into my room followed by mother. \"No! I won't, I'm not going through with this\" I said lifting my head up and looking at my parents\" you can't make me\". \"Oh yes we can where you parents\" my mother said looking at me with disappointment. \"What do you mean? No you can't\" I said sitting up with tears dripping off my face. \"Yes we can and we will\" my parents said together then they said what I was fearing they where going to say. \"Now that you're engaged you are not allowed to see Joe. What do you think Jason and his parents would say?\" \"NO! You can't…you can't. I won't… you can't make me\" I sobbed as I began to through a fit like I did in Rome a year ago. This wasn't fair I'm not something my parents can just auction off. \"Ann get a hold of yourself, you're not a child anymore. You're acting ridicules\" my father said with anger. He hated it when I acted like this. Which wasn't very often? \"No I won't. You can't make me. I'm seeing Joe rather you like it or not. I don't care what you do\" I said as I continued to sob. \"Fine you give us no choice you are confined to this room until further notice. And if you try to escape Leo the head of police will tell me and your father\" my mother said leaving the room with father. I ran to the door but it was to late the door was locked already. I heard my parents telling the officer something. \"Know one is allowed in except us nor is Ann allowed out\". \"Yes your majesties\" the officer said. I cried as I sat at my door begging and begging for them to let me out. \"PLEASE…PLEASE LET ME OUT! YOU CAN'T KEEP IN HERE FOREVER!\" I sobbed putting my head on the door. \"Were sorry Ann but until you come out of this fantasy that you are in. You're going to have to stay in there\" my mother said. I continued to cry. I finally heard them walk away. All I wanted now was to die this wasn't fair. I was being held in my room agents my own free will. Where was my knight in shining armor when I needed him? I went and sat in the window seat and cried as I looked out the window. I felt like a prison. No I felt like one of those princesses that I had read about in books always waiting for prince charming. Mine was out there I just wouldn't see him until midnight. Which was hours and hours away it was only 11 in the morning. I just rested my head on my knees and cried my eyes out just as I had been moments ago. \"Where are you Joe when I need you the most?\" I asked in the wind. A/N: Poor Ann:( Will she get out soon or will she be stuck there forever? And will Joe be able to see Ann with out her parents knowing? You'll just have to wait and find out. Now please press the Review button thanks:) Sneak Peak As it struck midnight Joe was claiming up the vine to see me. \"Thank god your here\" I said giving him a hug. \"What's wrong?\" Joe asked looking down at me. \"I'm getting...married. My parents are forcing me to married someone I don't love\" I said as tears of pain and sorrow filled my eyes. \"They can't your 20 they can't force you to\" Joe said wiping away the tears. \"But in my county they can\" I said crying all over again. \"They can't I won't let them\"Joe said with confidants. He just held me tightly in his arms and rocking me back and forth. I closed my eyes and let myself forget the whole day except for this moment. What I didn't know was that my parents where up to my room. \"ANN!!!!!! WE TOLD YOU A THOUSAND TIMES TO NEVER SEE HIM AGAIN. Now you give us know other choice you have pushed us to are limits\" my father said with anger as he yelled. A/N : Oh cliffhanger! sorry about that I just didn't want to give you guys the whole chapter get:) If you want to find out more please review thanks:)[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Misery and Grief There's a mountain between us But there's one thing I'm sure of that I now how I feel about you now Miranda Cosgrove- About you now Ann's POV . I sat in the window seat for hours waiting for Joe. While I waited I heard someone unlock my door. \"Ann come and eat your dinner\" the maid said sitting down the plate. \"I'm not hungry\" I said still looking out the window at the sun setting. I felt like a princess who had gotten kidnapped and was placed in a room where she was not allowed out. Or like Rapunzel. I was living my very own fairy tale. \"Ann your mother and father said you had to eat something\" the maid said. \"And I said I wasn't hungry. Now please leave\" I said once again. The maid left moments later. I didn't touch my dinner at all. I really wasn't hungry just lonely without Joe. As it struck midnight Joe was climbing up the vine to see me. \"Thank god your here\" I said running to him giving him a hug. \"What's wrong?\" Joe asked looking down at me. \"I'm getting...married. My parents are forcing me to marry someone I don't love\" I said as tears of pain and sorrow filled my eyes. \"They can't your 20 they can't force you to\" Joe said wiping away the tears. \"But in my country they can\" I said crying all over again. \"They can't I won't let them \"Joe said with confidants. He just held me tightly in his arms and rocking me back and forth. I closed my eyes and let myself forget the whole day except for this moment. What I didn't know was that my parents where coming up to my room. \"ANN!!!!!! WE TOLD YOU A THOUSAND TIMES TO NEVER SEE HIM AGAIN. NOW YOU GIVE US KNOW OTHER CHOICE YOU HAVE PUSHED US TO OUR LIMITS!\"my father said with anger as his face got redder and redder by the second. Joe let go of me and went down the vine. I watched as he left maybe for the last time. \"Leo bring the iron fence in please\" my father said. A few minuets later him and another man brought in bars and put them over my windows. \"NO! Please take them off ...I'm begging you\" I sobbed as I begged my parents I fell to my knees and begged even more. \"Where sorry Ann but you have got to learn someway or another. That life's not fair and that you can't always get what you want\" my mother said looking down at me. \"But mother I haven't done anything. All I want is to be happy\" I said barring my face in my hands. My parents didn't say a word for a few moments then they spoke up. \"You're going to be happy with Jason\" then they left as I sat on the floor in tears. I sat there for hours just crying and crying I was crying so much I didn't think it would ever stop. How I hated being a princess. I wanted to be a regular person with the person I loved. As the tears kept flowing it began to rain. It was like the angles where crying with me. Then the thunder began rolling in. I could here my name in the distance. What? My name in the distance what in the world. I looked up to see Joe at the window. \"What did they do?\" he asked taking my hand through the clod hard bars. \"They did this so you would stay out and to keep me in\" I said looking at him with sad eyes. \"I'm not going to let them do this\" Joe said. \"Good luck getting them to change there minds\" said as a sob got stuck in my throat. \"Ann I will do what ever it takes to get you out of there\" Joe said with seriousness. Moments of silence went by. Then we heard dogs barking along with voices. \"I heard voices from over here\" someone said coming closer. \"GO don't let them see you\" I said looking at him. Soon the officers would see him. You could see the flashlights in the distance coming closer and closer. \"I will be back for you\" Joe said. Before climbing down the vine he handed me a single red rose promising me that he would be back. I heard voices coming up the stairs. It sounded like my parents along with police officers. \"Ann was someone up here just now?\" my father asked looking at me. \"No father why would someone be up here. After all they can't get in\" I said hoping they would by it. \"Oh really wants this then?\" my mother asked going over and picking up the red rose. Oh know I was so scared that my parents would catch Joe that I had forgotten about the rose. Mother looked at me like she knew I was lying. \"Ann stop lying to us. You think we don't know. How many officers do we have to have around this place to get through to you? Or do we just need to go back home and have the Lewis over there?\" my mother said as the rose crumbled in her hand. I just watched with my eyes full of tears, as the rose fell to the floor in peaces. \"No! Mother please don't make me go back home\" I begged as my eyes got wide like two marbles along with tears. \"Then stop seeing Joe you know you are not supposed to\" my mother said looking at me. \"If you see him again we will have to take dramatic measures\" my father said with anger. \"So don't try are nurves Ann\" My parents stormed out of my room slamming the door shut. I went over and picked up the pieces of the rose and held them in my hands. I cried as the rose buds started to slip between my fingers. That's what was happening in my life I was going to be losing the person I loved if I didn't stop seeing him. But if I stopped seeing him I might just die in the process. A/N : I know it's a short chapter but I've been very busy. I'm also working on a few more stories but I'm trying to finish Once upon a Twilight, so I might not update for a while. So please if you could pass this story on to your friends thanks. Oh and Please review thanks:) Sneak Peak It has been three days since I had seen Joe. I had finished Wuthering Hights a day ago I began to get board. So I laid down and took a nap that's all I could do. I closed my eyes and began to dream the dream I had back home. One moment Joe was with me. As he kissed me I opened my eyes to see Jason instead of Joe. I looked down and saw that I was wearing a white long dress it was my wedding. No this couldn't be happening. It just couldn't be. I awoke with a sake I sat up and saw that my hands where sweaty and cold. I put my hands to my forehead and thought that the dream I just had would be in two weeks. Two weeks and I would be forced to marry this man I didn't even love let alone know. I went and sat at my desk and wrote a letter to Joe. Dear Joe: I can't do this anymore my parents are furies about me seeing you. They said if I do one more time for any reason. That they would send me on a boat back home and I would never see you again let alone see the light of day again. I'm so sorry Joe you know how much I love you but my parents just don't see it that way. I'm sorry that I have to do this please forgive me. This is something I just have to do. But I love you with all my heart and always have. You have had my heart from the very start. With all my love and more Love your true love Ann ","Summary":" A/N: Here's the full summery of Roman Holiday so that way you guys aren't lost. Princess Ann is tir"},{"Movie":"Ant Bully","Title":"Hova's Duty","Author":"Major144","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13180715","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hova's Duty Chapter 1 Royal Duty By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. The Queen Ant stood in her court room and watched her children and subjects file out. All that remained were the tiny human Lucas, Hova the nurse ant, and a couple other nurse ants. The trial for Lucas had just ended and he had been sentenced to join the colony and become an ant, until he learned the colony's ways. It would be interesting to see how things would play out. Hova had volunteered herself to be Lucas's teacher and the Queen Ant was proud of her for taking up the task, though there was another duty she needed to help fulfill. The Queen Ant called Hova over to her to have a private talk. \"I thank you for taking the role as teacher for Lucas.\" Said the Queen Ant. \"It's no problem and I look forward to spending time with him and learning about humans.\" Said Hova. \"Yes, this is a learning experience. Now Lucas needs to learn to become an ant, but he cannot do that with his current body. He needs the body of an ant and you shall be the one to give it to him.\" Said the Queen Ant as she gestured to someone behind Hova. An ant came forward carrying a small container full of sparkling purple liquid. The Queen Ant gestured for Hova to drink it. Hova took the container and gulped down the liquid. It sent a tingling sensation through Hova's body. \"Now Zoc isn't the only one who knows magic in this colony. What you just drank is a special potion that will help you accomplish a great task. Now you must ingest Lucas into your body.\" Said the Queen Ant. \"Eat...him? I know he looks soft and chewy, but that seems harsh.\" Said Hova looking unsure. \"Do not fret, this is not some kind of punishment or death sentence. This is part of turning Lucas into an ant. The potion you drank will change Lucas's body from a human to an ant, once he ends up in your stomach, then you will force him out like an egg, after the transformation is complete. This has been done with other insects, who joined our colony in years past.\" Explained the Ant Queen. \"Alright if its good for the colony and everyone, I'll do it.\" Said Hova with determination. \"Thank you my child.\" Said the Queen Ant as she gestured for the other nurse ants to bring Lucas over. \"What's going on?\" Asked Lucas looking a bit nervous. \"Everything is alright. We're just going to turn you into an ant.\" Said Hova. The nurse ants grabbed Lucas's arms and one of them pulled off the silk covering Lucas's waist leaving him completely exposed. Hova took notice a strange thing between Lucas's legs that made her think of a stick. \"Is...that how you determine your gender? Dose that thing mean your male?\" Asked Hova. \"Don't look! Yes I'm male and why did you take off that stuff that was on me?!\" Yelled Lucas as his face flushed red in embarrassment. \"Well your not going to need that silk, once your an ant.\" Said Hova getting close to Lucas. \"What do you mean?\" Asked Lucas. Hova gave Lucas a brief apologetic look, before she opened her mouth incredibly wide and shoved Lucas's head into it. Lucas let out a muffled scream as his face felt the sliminess of Hova's mouth and he began to thrash around and try to escape, but the nurse ants firmly held him. Hova was a bit surprised by how her mouth could stretch so wide and take Lucas's head in. She was also a bit surprised by how good Lucas tasted. Hova knew she had a duty to fulfill, so she began swallowing taking Lucas deeper into her body. Gulp! Gulp! Hova was at Lucas's belly and the other ants were helping feed the human to her. Lucas fought and shouted as he journeyed through Hova's body as a noticeable bulge. It was dark and slimy inside Hova and at first Lucas was going down and then he was being pushed forward. Gulp! Gulp! All that was left were Lucas's feet. Hova felt Lucas go through her petiole and into her stomach located in her abdomen. She readied herself and sucked Lucas's feet into her mouth. GULP! The last of Lucas entered Hova's body and headed to her stomach. Hova's abdomen was now bigger with Lucas inside the stomach. \"Praise the Mother.\" Said the nurse ants. Hova let out a satisfied sigh at her accomplishment. Lucas on the other hand was completely terrified. He was cramped, wet, and surrounded by darkness. Lucas could hear a faint heartbeat nearby, which only helped remind him where he was. After a few seconds of stunned silence Lucas began to thrash around and scream. \"Get me out of here!\" Hova could feel Lucas move and hear him scream from her abdomen. She twisted around and placed a hand on her abdomen. \"Calm down Lucas. Everything is fine and your perfectly safe.\" Said Hova. \"Safe?! You ate me and I'm in your stomach! That isn't safe!\" Yelled Lucas. \"Trust me your safe. This all a bit weird for me to, but this is all apart of a process to change your body into an ant. You won't be inside me too long.\" Said Hova. \"I still don't like this.\" Grumbled Lucas as he kicked at the stomach walls. Hova just sighed. This was certainly going to be an experience. Hova said goodbye to the queen and walked out of the court, with her abdomen slightly shaking with the struggling Lucas inside it. To be continued.[Chapter 2] Hova's Duty Chapter 2 Settling By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Hova walked through the halls of the ant hill, with Lucas inside her stomach. Every now and then Lucas would kick and punch at the stomach walls making Hova's abdomen shake. At first Hova was a bit disturbed by this, but then she started getting used to it. She really couldn't blame Lucas for his actions considering all he just went. Hova guessed she would probably struggle if she was swallowed and trapped inside someone's stomach. It was a natural instinct. Hova decided since Lucas was inside her, they might as well try to get to know one another. \"So Lucas why don't you tell me about yourself.\" Said Hova stoping in the hall to look at her abdomen. \"Why should I?\" Asked Lucas. \"Well were stuck with each other and I think it's going to be a while before you change into an ant and get out of my body. We might as well get to know each other to pass the time.\" Said Hova. \"I'm still not talking.\" Grumbled Lucas as he kicked a stomach wall. \"Alright I'll tell you a bit about myself and you can tell me something about yourself if you feel like it.\" Said Hova. Lucas didn't respond with any words or movements. Hova decided that was a good sign and began speaking. \"Well you already know my name is Hova and I'm a nurse ant. Basically I help nurse and care for pupae, until they get older and start training for their roles in the colony. I have a boyfriend and I hope we eventually get married and have a few pupae of our own. I'm also fascinated and curious about humans, so meeting you is a real treat for me.\" \"Well...I don't know what to tell you about myself. Why don't you ask me some questions and I try to answer them.\" Said Lucas. \"Ok how were you born?\" Asked Hova. \"Well I don't know that exactly. I have a mom and dad and they said they would tell me where babies come from, when I'm older.\" Said Lucas. \"So your young by human standards?\" Asked Hova. \"I'm ten years old.\" Said Lucas. \"That's interesting. Now why does that one human call you Peanut?\" Asked Hova. \"That's my mom and that's kind of her cute pet nickname for me.\" Said Lucas. \"My boyfriend and I have a pet firefly named Spindle.\" Said Hova. \"Ants have pets?\" Asked Lucas moving around a little. \"We do. There's many things you don't know about ants and there's many thing we don't know about humans.\" Said Hova as she began walking. \"So...how long am I going to be stuck inside you?\" Asked Lucas. \"I think about a day or so.\" Said Hova. \"A day!\" Yelled Lucas as he kicked at the stomach walls. \"Hey take it easy. It'll go by quick.\" Said Hova putting a hand on her abdomen. Lucas just grumbled. \"So why don't you tell me about those strange things humans wear on their bodies.\" Said Hova trying to change the subject. \"Those are called clothes. They help protect our skin.\" Said Lucas. \"Fascinating.\" Said Hova. Hova soon reached the room she shared with Zoc and Spindle. Zoc seemed to be brooding about what happened in the court, but he softened up and smiled at Hova. He went over and kissed Hova. \"Hey honey, how are you doing?\" Asked Zoc. \"I'm doing ok.\" Said Hova with a smile. \"That was crazy what you did back there with agreeing to look after the Destroyer and train him.\" Said Zoc with a slight frown. Inside Hova, Lucas heard Zoc's voice and recognize it. \"Yeah I know your not to happy about that, but you did bring him here.\" Said Hova. \"Yeah to study and get rid of him! His the enemy Hova!\" Said Zoc with a bit of a glare. \"His just a child and his names Lucas. We just need to try and reach out to him.\" Said Hova. \"Fine will do things your way. But right now lets have a little quality time and forget the human for tonight.\" Said Zoc as he began kissing Hova. Hova just laughed and then Zoc pulled out a bottle of scented rubbing oil he made that would add a nice shine to Hova's exoskeleton and make it smell nice. Zoc began to rub Hova's body with the oil. He got beneath her to rub her underside and tickled her with his antenna. Hova began to laugh and shake causing Lucas to get swished around in her stomach and get annoyed. Zoc reached Hova's abdomen and began to rub with great eagerness shacking it and Lucas around. Finally Lucas couldn't stand it anymore and spoke out. \"That's enough shacking!\" \"The Destroyer!\" Yelled Zoc as he leaped back from Hova's abdomen. \"Um...surprise.\" Said Hova smiling nervously. \"Explain.\" Said Zoc with a glare. Hova told Zoc what happened in the court after everyone left. \"I can't believe you agreed to that! Your carrying the Destroyer in your stomach!\" Yelled Zoc. \"I can't believe your boyfriend is the wizard who shrunk me.\" Said Lucas. \"You shut up and but out of this.\" Said Zoc pointing at Hova's abdomen. \"I would, but I really can't, since I'm stuck in here.\" Said Lucas. \"Calm down you two. There's no need to fight.\" Said Hova. \"I could make a potion that could help you digest the Destroyer.\" Said Zoc. \"Zoc NO! Lucas is under my protection and he is my responsibility. Your not hurting him.\" Said Hova putting a protective hand on her abdomen. \"Fine. I'm going to sleep somewhere else for the night.\" Grumbled Zoc as he stormed off. \"He hates me.\" Said Lucas. \"Zoc just has issues with humans. Just give him time. His a true ant. Hard on the outside, but soft on the inside.\" Said Hova patting her abdomen. \"I know that about ants.\" Said Lucas with a chuckle. Hova thought about Lucas's situation and laughed to. She then found a nice place to lay down and both she and Lucas fell asleep. To be continued.[Chapter 3] Hova's Duty Chapter 3 Feeding By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. The next morning Hova woke up with a yawn. She turned to look at her abdomen and gave it a little comforting pat. \"Morning Lucas. Time to get up.\" Said Hova as she stood up. \"Five more minutes.\" Grumbled Lucas. \"Come on Lucas it's a beautiful day.\" Said Hova. \"Well I can't see that, while I'm in your stomach.\" Complained Lucas giving a little kick to one of the stomach walls. \"Good point. Kind of forgot about that.\" Said Hova with a chuckle. Lucas just rolled his eyes. He had first thought and hopped that the whole being shrunken to ant size, being kidnapped by ants, and being eaten by Hova was just a really strange dream, but then he woke up in the pitch blackness of Hova's stomach with the sound of her heart nearby. Lucas just sighed in annoyance as Hova went about her business, occasionally telling Lucas about the colony and the lives of the various ants and their duties. At one point Lucas's own stomach rumbled and growled in hunger. \"I'm hungry.\" Said Lucas. \"Well I guess its time to eat.\" Said Hova as she headed to the mess hall. \"How exactly am I supposed to eat in here?\" Asked Lucas. \"Well I guess I eat the food and it gets sent down to you and you eat it.\" Said Hova. \"Gross.\" Grumbled Lucas as he began to adjust his body so it was completely turned around. Lucas began to feel around the stomach, until he felt something like a hole. He guessed that's where the food came in through. Lucas considered trying to go through the hole to try to escape, but decided not to since he would simply be recaptured and feed back to Hova or another ant. It probably was best to wait things out. Hova entered the mess hall and grabbed herself a bowl. She made her way to one of the caterpillars there and held the bowl out beneath it's rear. The caterpillar did it's business and Hova had a large bowl full of green slimy orbs. The ants called the orbs honeydew and it was considered a delicacy. Hova looked at the large amount of honeydew and considered giving some of it away, but then she remembered she was eating for two and headed to a nearby table and took a seat. \"Alright Lucas I'm fixing to send some food down to you. This is called honeydew.\" Said Hova as she grabbed one of the orbs and slurped it down in a single gulp. Lucas could hear Hova swallow and he stuck his hands up near the hole. He felt something pour into the stomach and land in his hands. Lucas lifted his hands to his face and sniffed what was in them. He then carefully tasted a little and swallowed. Lucas liked the taste and gulped down the rest of the honeydew. \"You like it?\" Asked Hova. \"This is awesome! Taste like green apple bubblegum!\" Said Lucas with joy. \"Well there's more where that came from.\" Said Hova happy to hear that Lucas liked the honeydew. Hova proceeded to eat the rest of the honeydew and Lucas gulped down what he could catch with his hands. The bowl was soon empty and Lucas was licking his lips inside Hova and asking for more. Hova smiled and went to get more honeydew from one of the caterpillars. She got some and was heading back to her table, when she encountered her friends Fugax and Kreela. \"Looks like someone has a big appetite. You expecting?\" Said Kreela indicating Hova's abdomen. \"Kind of, but not in the way your thinking.\" Said Hova. \"Its about time you and Zoc settled down and had a kid.\" Said Fugax as he went over to Hova's abdomen to inspect it. \"We haven't quit done that yet.\" Said Hova, but Fugax wasn't really listening. \"Hey there little baby, how's it going?\" Said Fugax to Hova's abdomen. \"I'm not a baby.\" Complained Lucas. \"Aaaaaaaaaa! A super developed prodigy baby!\" Yelled Fugax as he leaped back. \"What the heck is going on?\" Asked Kreela. Hova filled her friends in about Lucas and both Fugax and Kreela just stared at Hova not sure how to respond. Hova said goodbye to them and went back to her table to eat. She ate the honeydew and Lucas ate about half of it. Hova then started to feel sick in her stomach from eating too much honeydew in a short amount of time. She decided to take some medicine, so she grabbed a medicine called an Alka Root and a water drop. Hova placed the root in the water drop and it fizzed and dissolved. \"I'm feeling a little sick Lucas, so I'm taking some medicine. Don't try to drink it and things might get a little crazy where your at.\" Said Hova before she gulped down the medicine. Lucas heard the swallow and some liquid splashed down into the stomach. At first nothing happened, but then all the liquid in Hova's stomach began to bubble and fizz around Lucas. The experience made Lucas think of a hot tub or a bubble bath. The boy then let a startled cry as the stomach clenched down on him and the rest of the contents sending up a bunch of gas up through Hova's mouth in the form of a belch. \"UUUUURRRRPPP!\" \"Praise the Mother.\" Said an ant at a nearby table. \"Ah much better. You ok Lucas?\" Said Hova looking at her abdomen. \"I'm ok. A little grossed out and pretty wet, but I'm fine.\" Said Lucas. \"Good to hear.\" Said Hova before leaving the mess hall and went about her day with a full and at ease stomach. To be continued.[Chapter 4] Hova's Duty Chapter 4 Release By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Hova went about her day as usual and would occasionally talk to Lucas. Soon it was nighttime and Hova retired for bed in the place she slept last night. Zoc was nowhere to be seen. Hova laid down and put a hand on her abdomen. \"Goodnight Lucas.\" \"Goodnight Hova.\" \"Don't let the stomach acids digest you.\" Joked Hova. \"Haha. Very funny.\" Said Lucas as he gave a little kick to a stomach wall. Hova fell asleep and Lucas soon followed. As the two slept the stomach juices began to glow purple and spread over Lucas. The human began to slowly change shape during the night. The next morning Lucas woke up feeling strange. His body didn't feel the same and due to the absolute darkness in Hova's stomach, he couldn't get a proper look at himself. Lucas moved his arms and fingers around and noticed something was off immediately. He now had three fingers instead of five! Lucas felt panic began to rise up in him as he felt his heart beating fast, but instead of coming from his chest it felt like it was coming from behind him. Lucas began to feel his body with his hands and instead of feeling the softness of flesh, he felt the hardness of an exoskeleton and a large round abdomen. It had finally happened! Lucas had transformed into an ant inside Hova's stomach. Lucas began to panic and he started kicking out at the stomach walls with his new four legs as he began to scream and shout. \"HOVA! HOVA! HOVA!\" Hova woke up with a start as she felt Lucas thrashing around inside her. She turned to her abdomen in concern and put her hands on it. \"Lucas what's wrong?\" Asked Hova with concern. \"Something happened to my body...\" Began Lucas. Before Lucas could explain more a sharp spasm of pain went through Hova's stomach causing her cry out in pain. Lucas cried out in surprise as the stomach clenched down on him, though this felt different from a belch. Hova's body began to spasm and shake and two nurse ants suddenly appeared and came rushing to her side. Hova recognized them as the nurse ants that helped her eat Lucas. \"What is happening?\" Asked Hova breathing hard. \"The human's transformation is complete. Now it is time for your body to release him.\" Said one ant. \"Just breath and push.\" Said the other ant. \"Hang on Lucas your coming out!\" Called Hova to Lucas. Lucas could only gasp as the stomach clenched down on him some more and then he felt himself being pushed down a small wet tube. Hova continued to urge her body to push. Lucas couldn't move a thing as he was pushed down a small tube and then he saw a bit of light up ahead. \"I see a head!\" Yelled a voice. \"Keep pushing Hove, his almost out!\" Called another voice. Hova continued to push as she began to see something emerge from her rectum. It had to be Lucas. She gave one last mighty squeeze and there was a wet pop. POP! Hova felt her body relax as she looked at the thing laying on the ground near her rear. It was Lucas, but he was no longer human. Lucas was an ant now. He was roughly the same size as when, Hova swallowed him, but now he had a light red exoskeleton with tiny brown spots on it. Lucas blinked his eyes as they adjusted to the light and then he took in his new form and a look of shock passed over his face. He tried to stand on his new legs, but he seemed to have trouble adjusting to his four new legs. Hova stood up and helped Lucas stand up. Lucas saw a piece of glass hanging from one of the walls that was used as a mirror and indicated it. Hova understood and helped Lucas over to the glass, so Lucas could see his reflection. Lucas stared at his reflection. His looked, so alien now that he didn't recognize it. Lucas still had blue eyes and he guessed the brown spots were supposed to be his freckles, but everything else was different. \"I'm an ANT!\" Cried Lucas with both shock and dismay. \"Hey it'll be ok. This is part of your training. You have the body of an ant, now we just need to train you to be one of us and you can go back to being a human and return home.\" Said Hova putting a comforting hand on Lucas's shoulder. Lucas didn't know what to say. Hova then gave him a hug. \"Everything will be ok. I'm going to help you and I will protect you.\" Said Hova. Lucas awkwardly returned the hug. A part of him wished he was back home, while another part wished he was back inside Hova's stomach. This was going to be a tough trip. To be continued.[Chapter 5] Hova's Duty Chapter 5 Responsibility Argument By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Hova and Lucas made there way out of the ant hill. Lucas was adjusting to his four new legs, with a bit of help from Hova. At first the two walked side by side, with Hova holding Lucas's hand to help keep him steady. A few passing ants gave the two an odd glance, but then went about their business. Lucas began to get adjusted to his legs and let go of Hova's hand and began to take a few careful steps of his own, before he began walking. Hova smiled at this and congratulated Lucas, who smiled back. The two made it to the outside and took a breath of fresh air as they watched some other ants go about their business. \"Wonderful morning isn't it?\" Asked Zoc as he walked up to the two. \"Morning Zoc.\" Said Hova in a friendly tone. \"I see our little human guest finally came out and is trying to pass himself as an ant.\" Said Zoc as he scowled at Lucas. \"How do you know its me?\" Asked Lucas. \"Because I've never seen you before in the colony and you still have the scent of a human, though I will admit its faint.\" Said Zoc. Lucas lifted his right arm up and sniffed his armpit. He honestly didn't smell that different, but he supposed he was still adjusting to his new senses. \"Zoc be nice. Both Lucas and I recently went through a rough process of release. Lucas now has the body of an ant and now we can start training him.\" Said Hova. \"He should be dissected or be a bunch of digested muss that should have been released from your body and used to fertilize our land for the colony.\" Said Zoc. \"Gross.\" Said Lucas with a shiver at the thought of being digested. \"Well neither of those things happened. Lucas entered my body as a human and he exited it as an ant, which technically makes him my son.\" Said Hova putting a hand on Lucas's shoulder. \"His not your son! Having a child doesn't work that way!\" Complained Zoc. \"Well Lucas wouldn't be here if you haven't shrunken him in the first place. I agreed to look after him and teach him, which included taking him into my body and letting a magic potion and my stomach juices give Lucas an ant body, while he was inside me. Then I had to release him and I won't lie, the process was quit painful for both me and Lucas. So when you really get into it Lucas is my child and he is also yours. After all he entered our little world because of you. Your a part of this Zoc, which makes Lucas your responsibility.\" Said Hova as she crossed her arms. \"That thing is not my child!\" Said Zoc glaring at Lucas. \"His not my parent!\" Said Lucas glaring at Zoc. \"Look lets try to get along and work together, it'll make things easier for all of us. Think as this as practice, when we decided to have kids of our own Zoc.\" Said Hova trying to make peace. \"Fine. I'll tolerate the kid.\" Grumbled Zoc with one last glare at Lucas before walking off. \"He really doesn't like me.\" Said Lucas. \"He'll come around eventually. Now come on. There's a forging class nearby that's run by a friend of mine and I'm sure you'll learn a lot about colony life from it. It'll be fun.\" Said Hova as she lead Lucas through some grass to the class. To be continued.[Chapter 6] Hova's Duty Chapter 6 Race Game By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Hova lead Lucas to a group of young ants. The group was divided into two separate teams. One group had parts of them dyed blue, while the other were red. Kreela and Fugax were with the group giving instructions to the game the group was fixing to play. Hova went over to Kreela and told them to let Lucas join in on the game. \"Lucas the human that was literally living inside your stomach?\" Asked Kreela. \"That's him.\" Said Hova patting Lucas's shoulder. \"His an ant now?\" Asked Fugax examining Lucas. \"He is and I brought him here to train.\" Said Hova. \"So how exactly did he get out of your body? Wait on second thought I don't want to know.\" Said Fugax looking a little disgusted. \"Alright fine he can join in. Lucas can be on the blue team.\" Said Kreela pointing to the ants with the blue dyed parts. \"Alright Lucas this is your first day of training. Now play nice with the others and have some fun.\" Said Hova to Lucas. Lucas nodded and went over to the blue team. The little team welcomed the newcomer and a couple of the members rubbed Lucas with some blue dye making him part of the team. After the dye dried Kreela began to explain the rules of the game. \"Alright the objective of this game is to get through this little obstacle course behind me and retrieve a piece of sweet rock and to climb up a wall to present it to me. All members of a team must retrieve a piece of sweet rock and present it to me to obtain the win. This will be a team effort.\" Kreela and Hova then went to the end of the obstacle course and another ant blew a horn signaling the game to begin. The two teams raced forward and came across their first obstacle, a wide open crack in the ground. The red and blue team began to stack up on each other's shoulders to form bridges to get over the gap. Lucas thought the gap didn't look that wide and instead of joining the rest of his team in forming a bridge, he would simply take a running leap to get to the other side. The young ant ran and leaped through the air about the same time the ant bridges went down. The bridges made it across the crack, but Lucas didn't. Lucas ended up hitting the wall and falling a little ways, before he managed to grab a root sticking out of the wall and just hung there. The rest of the blue team saw this and came to Lucas's aid by forming a ant chain that reached down and pulled Lucas up and out of the crack. \"Um...thanks.\" Said Lucas with a little embarrassment. \"No problem. Your not the first ant to try something like that.\" Said one of the blue team members. The team moved on to the next obstacle, which was a small puddle with some plants sticking out of it. The red team had formed an ant chain and was using their combine length to go from one plant to another to get to the other side of the puddle. The red team had a good lead on the blue team. The blue team began to form an ant chain of their own and Lucas found himself in the middle of it. The chain began moving from plant to plant and Lucas let out a cry of surprises as the chain moved and he began to lose his grip on the ant above him, until he finally lost it and went flying through the air! Lucas flew past the still traveling red team and reached the other side of the puddle with a thud and a groan. Lucas stumbled to his feet a little dazed and was thankful for his exoskeleton taking the bunt of his little crash. He then saw some jellybeans nearby and realized that these must be the sweet rocks. Back at the puddle the blue team had watched Lucas flown and reach the end of the puddle and decided to do the same. A few seconds later the rest of the blue team had shot themselves over to Lucas and were at the jellybeans. The blue team congratulated Lucas for his crazy stunt as they all grabbed a tiny chunk of the jellybeans and made their way to the wall to climb, to reach Kreela, and claim victory. Lucas was feeling proud of himself and Hova smiled down on him. The blue team easily stuck to the wall and scaled it, but when Lucas attempted this, he didn't stick to the wall and fell right on his back. Lucas blinked his eyes in confusion and he tried to climb the wall again only to meet with the same results. This made no sense to Lucas since he had the body of an ant and should be able to climb like the others. The blue team looked down at Lucas in confusion as the red team arrived on the scene and easily climbed the wall. A horn was blown. \"The red team wins!\" Said Kreela. The blue team helped Lucas up the wall and Hova looked at Lucas with concern as he just looked at the ground with a mix of sadness and anger. To be continued.[Chapter 7] Hova's Duty Chapter 7 Comfort By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Lucas stormed through the grass around the ant hill, with Hova right behind him. Hova was trying her best to cheer Lucas up and make him feel better. \"Its alright your team didn't win Lucas. Not everyone wins their first game. I lost my first game and Zoc really didn't do so well for his first game either.\" Said Hova. \"But my team lost because of me. I'm an ant now and I couldn't climb that wall at all!\" Said Lucas as they continued walking. The two came across a clearing with some broken glass that had some sun shining through, turning the light into intense beams of burning heat that would harm anyone who stepped through them. Hova maneuvered Lucas around the beams and they continued walking. \"Your body and mind could still be adjusting to the change you went through. Besides there's more to being an ant then the ability to climb up things or lift heavy objects.\" Said Hova. Lucas gave her a doubtful look. \"Ok admittedly they are useful abilities to have, but not every duty in the colony requires them.\" Said Hova with a smile. Lucas gave a small smile back, but Hova could still sense there was still something bothering him. \"It's...just that if I can't climb walls or lift heavy objects then that doesn't really make me a good ant and I can't really be a part of colony. If I can't be a part of the colony then I won't be turned back into a human or return to my normal size and go home. My parents are really going to worry and freak out if I never come back.\" Said Lucas. Hova understood Lucas's fear and concern. He was in a strange and alien world far different from his own, his body had gone through a great physical change, and there was a good chance he would never return to his old life or home. Hova was the only real friend Lucas had right now and he needed her. Hova went over to Lucas and put her hands on his shoulders and looked him in the eyes. \"Lucas I swear by the mother I will do everything in my power to help you become an ant and find a place in the colony, so that you can return to being human, go back to your normal size, and return to your home and family.\" Said Hova. \"Cross your heart?\" Asked Lucas. Hova let go of Lucas and used her finger to draw an imaginary cross on her abdomen, where her heart was located. Lucas gave a little laugh at this and did the same thing. It was a nice little tender moment between the two of them, but it was cut short by a loud buzzing sound from the sky. Hova recognized the sound and knew right away it meant trouble. To be continued. ","Summary":" Hova's Duty Chapter 1 Royal Duty By: Major144 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. The Queen Ant stood"},{"Movie":"Roman Holiday","Title":"Italian Affair","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12995550","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joe Bradley walked out of the Palace, unable to get her out of his mind. For one brief afternoon, she was no longer the Princess. She was Anya, the woman he had fallen in love with. The thought surprised him. He wasn't the type to fall in love so easily; never had been. That is until that fateful night when he'd found her lying sleeping on a bench. His friend, Irving was a different story. It seemed that Irving had a different dame for each day of the week. Suddenly, footsteps could be heard behind him on the marble floor. Joe turned to find Irving with an expression that was clearly one of frustration. \"Joe, are you coming?\" Irving asked. Joe looked at his watch, wondering how long Irving had been waiting. \"What? Oh. Yeah.\" \"Well, come on, I'm starving!\" Irving said. \"Let's go get some lunch.\" Joe smiled as sincerely as possible. \"That sounds like a wonderful idea. How about Rocca's?\" \"Rocca's?\" Irving asked in surprise. \"Well, Joe. We just went there yesterday with-\" Joe sighed. He just needed one reminder of her to get him through the day; just one. \"You're right, Irving. Forget I ever mentioned it.\" A lump caught in his throat, and he quickly looked away. \"Well, Joe, I just meant that...\" Irving stopped suddenly, noticing the strange look on the reporter's face. \"You know, now that I think of it, Rocca's sounds pretty good. Besides, there's a new waitress that I'm anxious to meet.\"[Chapter 2] \"Why don't we sit here?\" Irving said as they arrived at Rocca's and found a table. \" Camerie !\" Irving yelled, trying to get the waiter's attention. Immediately the waiter was at their table. \"Wow! Good service, don't you think?\" Irving said to Joe. \"That's why I come here so often.\" \" Il menu per piacere .\" Irving said to the waiter. Instantly, the waiter handed him a menu. \"Well, I'll say...\" Irving said. \"Sure can't find this kind of service in the States, can we Joe?\" Irving turned to find Joe staring out onto the busy street. \"Joe?\" \"Shall I come back?\" The waiter asked. \" Due caffe' per piacere \" Irving said. When the waiter left, he turned to Joe. \"My Italian is getting pretty good, isn't it?\" \"What?\" Joe asked, startled out of his daze. \"You okay?\" Irving asked. \"Sure, I'm fine.\" Joe replied. \"Thanks for ordering the coffee by the way.\" \"You're welcome.\" Irving said. \"Or should I say prego .! Joe laughed quietly. \"That's very good, Irving.\" \"Well, Francesca's taught me a lot about Italian language.\" He said with a wink. Irving looked over at Joe, expecting to get another laugh. Instead, his comment was met with silence. The waiter returned with their coffee. \"Grazie\", Irving said. \" Vorremmo la minestra and antipasto .\" \"Your Italian is very good.\" The waiter said to Irving. \"I'll bring your soup and salad right away.\" \"Well, step on it, will ya? I'm famished!\" Irving yelled as the waiter disappeared into the restaurant. Irving looked around. \"Say, isn't this the table we sat at yesterday with Smitty?\" Joe felt his cheeks flush. \"Yeah, I think you're right! How about that?\" \"Is that a coincidence or what?\" Irving laughed and took a sip of his coffee. \"That Smitty... she was something else. Did you see how graceful and poised she was at the press conference yesterday? And did you see her face when she looked at those photos? They sure did turn out great. Good thing I made extra copies. \" \"Yeah, and I certainly appreciate your bringing them by my apartment.\" Joe said. \"No problem.\" Irving replied. \"Hey, that reminds me... I'm showing some of my photography tonight at the barges. Want to come along?\" Joe sighed. He definitely didn't want to go out tonight. He just needed to be alone for a while. Quickly, he rose to leave. \"No, you go ahead. I've got a lot of work to do. In fact, I should probably get going. Goodnight, Irving.\" The waiter reappeared with their meals. \"Joe, wait! Your soup!\" Irving yelled, as he watched Joe walk away from the table. \"Joe!\" But it was too late. Irving sighed, as Joe vanished from sight. \"Is something wrong?\" the waiter asked, handing Irving the soup. \"No, no everything's fine. My friend had to work.\" Irving said. \"Oh okay. I'll take this back to the kitchen.\" the waiter said. \"No! No!\" Irving said. , seeing the look of surprise on the waiter's face. \"I-I mean, I'll eat his soup as well. No sense of this food going to waste, right?\" He laughed in spite of himself, disgruntled, when the waiter didn't even smile. What was with people today? \"Very well, sir.\" The waiter said. \"I'll be back to check on you un momento.\" \"Grazie, Grazie.\" Irving said, waving the waiter away. He took a spoon-full of soup. \"Mmmm... that's wonderful!\"[Chapter 3] Joe walked through the streets of Rome, not caring that it had started to rain. Anya would have loved this. Just the thought of her made his heart ache. He passed a familiar building and peered inside. There he was... Mario Delani. Surprisingly, Mario recognized him and waved. Embarrassed, Joe waved back. Without warning, Mario ran outside to greet him. \" Ciao , Mr. Bradley. I meet you yesterday, no?\" He took Joe's hand, shaking it forcefully. \"Um, yes, down at the barges.\" \"Your friend, she very good dancer, no?\" Mario asked. \"Yes, yes, she's a wonderful dancer.\" Joe agreed. \"You tell her I must dance with her again, si?\" Mario said. \"Ahh... she is... bellissima !\" Joe sighed. \"She certainly is.\" \"Tell you what...\" Mario said. \"Since you so kind to let me dance with your girl, I give you free haircut.\" Joe felt his throat go dry. He couldn't find the words to tell Mario the truth about Anya. \"Thank you, very much, Mario. I just may take you up on your offer. \" Joe said. \"Have a nice day.\" \"Grazi! See you soon!\" Mario said as Joe turned to leave.[Chapter 4] Princess Anne lay in her bed, unable to sleep. Ever so quietly, she stood and dutifully put on her slippers. She walked over to the large window and looked into the moonlight. Athens was nowhere near as beautiful as Rome had been. Rome... Joe Bradley. A tear ran down her cheek. She had no idea she would miss him this much. How was it possible that she had fallen in love with him after only one day? Of course, it was easy to do. She could still imagine the musky scent of his aftershave, and the way he made her laugh. And he was oh-so handsome. Mr. Bradley was perhaps the most wonderful person she had ever met in her life; and that was saying a lot. In her lifetime, she had met Kings and Queens, Presidents, and hundreds of significantly important people. Joe Bradley wasn't world-famous, but he meant more to her than anyone in the world. No one had ever made her feel so loved. She ran over to her bed and lifted up the heavy mattress. Carefully, she slid out the tan envelope and opened the flap. Shuffling through the pictures, the memories from Rome came rushing back to her; the chaos at the barge involving the secret agents, the places she and Joe had visited. The kisses they shared. She stopped to gaze at one particular picture. Although no one was looking, she discreetly set it aside. She flipped through the rest of the pictures, gently running her finger over Joe's handsome face. What she would give to be in his arms once more. She put the pictures back in the envelope and returned it to the bottom of the mattress. Anne climbed into bed and pulled the heavy down comforter over her legs. Her body sunk into the plush mattress and soft sheets. Gazing at her surroundings, she was suddenly aware of how enormous the palace was. She found herself longing for a small apartment like Joe's; even if it didn't have a kitchen. Reaching over, she took the picture from her nightstand stared at it. Joe's face smiled at her. She had taken this photo herself, begging Irving to let her try out his camera. At first he Irving hesitated-and with good reason, but Joe insisted. The picture had turned out rather well. She jumped at the sound of footsteps outside her door. Quickly, she turned out her bedside light and pretended to be asleep. Finally, the footsteps passed. She took out Joe's picture and started at it, as the moonlight illuminated his face. Gently, she kissed the picture and put it under her pillow before drifting off to sleep.[Chapter 5] \"Mr. Hennessy is waiting for you.\" The secretary said when Joe entered his office. Joe swallowed hard, afraid of what was coming next. Mr. Hennessy had given him a lot of slack the past few days and Joe knew all too well that he was treading on thin ice. Nervously, he took one last sip of his coffee and knocked on Mr. Hennessy's door. \"Come in.\" Mr. Hennessy announced. When Joe entered the room, Mr. Hennessy looked up in surprise. \"You wanted to see me, Mr. Hennessy?\" \"Well... if it isn't the roving reporter! Didn't I just tell you yesterday that we start our business day at 8am?\" \"Um, yes... I believe you did, Sir.\" Joe responded. \"Good. Then are you also aware that it is precisely...\" Mr. Hennessy glanced at his watch. \"... 3pm?\" \"Wow, is it that late?\" Joe exclaimed, feigning shock. \"It feels much earlier.\" \"Hmm... I'm sure it does. So since it is so late in the day, I assume you have the interview piece ready for me?\" \"Um, not quite yet. Still working on getting it exactly the way I want it.\" Joe said. \"Well, the way I want it is now. \" Mr. Hennessy said. \"Some of the articles have already appeared in the paper. We don't want to look bad. I have a reputation to maintain, you know.\" \"Absolutely, Sir.\" Joe said. \"So when can I expect your interview piece? It's an assignment in case you hadn't noticed.\" Mr. Hennessy asked. \"I'll have it to you tomorrow afternoon.\" Joe said. \"Uh uh. Not good enough. That piece is to be on my desk no later than 8am tomorrow morning. Is that understood?\" Anxiously, Joe adjusted his collar. \"Yes sir. I'll have it to you first thing in the morning.\" \"All right.\" Mr. Hennessy said. \"I'm counting on you. Besides, I have another assignment for you to start on right away.\" Joe sighed. \"Yes sir, anything else?\" \"Just have it on my desk by 8am or you'll be sorry! Now get to work!\" \"Thank you, sir.\" Joe said, as he inched his way out of Mr. Hennessy's office. \"Everything okay?\" The secretary asked as Joe closed the door. \"Sure, Honey.\" Joe responded. \"Everything's fine. I just need to finish up some work at home. See you in the morning.\" \"Bye, Joe.\" The secretary said when Joe kissed her cheek and walked out of the office. Joe sighed with relief when he reached Via Marguta. He ran up the stairway and through the entryway, until he reached the spiral staircase that led to his apartment-number 51. He opened his door and stepped inside, anxious for some peace and quiet. First things first, though. He poured himself a glass of wine and took a long drink. Sitting down at the typewriter, he gathered his notes and began to type rapidly. With careful detail and a little imagination, he described Princess Anne's views on everything conceivable. After only a few minutes, though, he was depleted. Desperately brainstorming for something unique to add, he always came back to the same conclusion; he was in love with her. He knew that they could never be together; he a sensitive reporter and she a beautiful princess. He just wished he knew how to get her out of his heart.[Chapter 6] \"Good morning!\" the countess sang as she drew back the curtains in Anne's bedroom. Anne opened her eyes, squinting at the bright sunshine that filled the walls. \"Go away!\" she said, pulling the pillow onto her face. \"Time to get up.\" The countess said. \"We have a very busy schedule today. You are due at the orphanage by 1:00 and we mustn't disappoint them.\" \"Of course not.\" Anne said, hoping the countess wouldn't detect the note of sarcasm in her voice. \"Children love bright clothes,\" the countess said, rummaging through Anne's closet.\"... So I think you should wear your robin's egg blue suit.\" \"Oh, why can't I be an orphan, too?\" Anne sighed. The countess gasped. \"Why, Anne! What a horrible thing to say!\" Anne yawned. \"What's so horrible about it? They have no one to tell them where to go, what to wear, what to do, what to say...\" \"No parents to love them.\" The countess continued. \"Sometimes I wonder where your mind is when you say such things.\" \"Why can't we have fun?\" Anne asked, now fully awake. \"And what-\" the countess asked \"-would you describe as fun?\" Anne smiled dreamily. \"So many things...dancing at the barge, seeing historic sites, walking in the rain...\" \"Well, I'm afraid there are no barges for dancing in Athens, but there are plenty of historic sites.\" The countess replied. \"But I've seen all of those!\" Anne said. The countess laughed. \"I doubt you've seen everything in Athens, my dear.\" \"Oh!\" Anne exclaimed, sitting upright. \"Can we ride in a taxi?\" \"A taxi?\" the countess sighed. \"Oh Anne, what am I going to do with you?\" The chamber maid arrived with a tray of food and handed it to the countess. \"All right, Anne.\" The countess said. \"Your breakfast is here. Do you need anything else?\" \"May I see the morning paper?\" Anne asked. \"The-why, Anne! You know how your father feels about the newspaper! \" \"I lead such a sheltered life.\" Anne said. \"I meet kings and queens, and then I'm shoved back into my own little world.\" \"And with good reason. The newspaper is nothing but trouble for people of royalty. Those reporters track our every move.\" \"Then how am I going to know what's happening in the world?\" Anne asked, becoming apprehensive. \"All right, I'll send someone up with your newspaper right away. Just eat your breakfast. Heaven knows we don't need another outburst like you had in Rome. It's so hard to find a good doctor in Athens, you know. \" The countess said. She left the room, closing the door behind her. Moments later, the door opened. \"Good evening, Princess.\" \"Good evening, General.\" Anne said. \"Here is your newspaper, as you requested.\" The general said. \"Thank you. That will be all, General.\" Anne said. The general left the room, leaving Anne alone with her newspaper and breakfast. Anne surveyed the tray of food that she held in her lap. The thought of eating it made her stomach churn. It was the same, day after day. How many bowls of cereal, toast, milk, juice, eggs, pancakes and bread could a person possibly eat? She sat the tray aside and picked up the newspaper, eagerly searching through each page until she found what she was looking for. There it was, on the second page-an article by Joe Bradley. She read it with interest, wondering what he was doing at that very moment. If only he knew how much she missed him.[Chapter 7] Joe arrived at the American News Service office at precisely 7:59am. He hoped his promptness would make a good impression on Mr. Hennessy. Worriedly, he knocked on the door. \"Come in.\" Mr. Hennessy said. \"Well! If it isn't Joe Bradley! Glad to see you can follow instructions!\" \"Yes sir.\" Joe said proudly. \"I told you I'd be here by 8:00 as promised.\" \"That you did.\" Mr. Hennessy said. \"I hope you have the Princess interview finished. You've had more than enough time to work on it.\" Joe opened his briefcase. \"I have it right here, Sir.\" He said, handing the article to his boss. Mr. Hennessy scanned the document. \"Well done, Joe.\" Joe blushed. \"Why, thank you, sir. Thank you very much.\" Mr. Hennessy began to pace back and forth, focusing on the article. \"Very well done indeed.\" \"I worked very hard on it.\" Joe said. \"Yes, I can see that.\" Mr. Hennessy said. Suddenly, his expression turned glum. \"But you didn't work hard enough!\" Startled by the outburst, Joe took a step backwards. \"I-I'm not sure what you mean, sir.\" \"You know darn well what I mean!\" Mr. Hennessy fumed. \"This is boring!\" He said, shaking the article in front of Joe's face. \"Anyone could have written this!\" \"But sir, I-\" \"But sir, nothing!\" Mr. Hennessy said. \"You threw this together last night. I can tell!\" Joe looked down at his feet. \"I'm sorry you feel that way, sir.\" \"Well, I'm sorry too.\" Mr. Hennessy said. Joe sighed. \"I'm fired, right?\" Mr. Hennessy chuckled. \"Nice try, Joe. \"I'm not letting you off the hook that easily. I have a special assignment for you!\" \"Another assignment?\" Joe said with annoyance. \"Yes, another assignment! A major assignment! This one could make you a world-famous journalist. You've always wanted that, right?\" Mr. Hennessy asked. \"Well, sure...\" Joe said \"But...\" \"But nothing. I want you to start on it immediately, do you understand?\" Mr. Hennessy said. He handed Joe a large envelope. \"Here it is. The instructions inside are to be followed exactly, do you understand?\" \"Yes, sir.\" Joe said. \"And we can only pray that it's better than your Princess interview.\" Joe opened the envelope, and pulled out a large bundle of papers. \"This is a bit excessive for an article, don't you think?\" he said to Mr. Hennessy. \"Don't question me, Bradley. Just do your job!\" Mr. Hennessy said, ushering Joe out of his office and slamming the door. Joe read through the instructions he was given. \"Hey, wait a minute! What is this?\" He banged on Mr. Hennessy's door until it was opened. \"I thought I told you to get to work, Bradley!\" He boomed. \"This is terrible! I can't do this!\" Joe exclaimed. \"You can, and you will!\" Mr. Hennessy replied. \"But this is outrageous!\" Joe said. I can't write a story like this. It wouldn't be honest!\" \"Your job isn't to be honest! Your job is to write articles that sell newspapers! Do you understand me?\" Mr. Hennessy said. \"Now if I hear one more outburst from you, you'll be out on the streets!\" Joe sighed, knowing he couldn't afford to lose his job. \"Mr. Hennessy, please. You don't understand, I-\" \"I understand plenty! That article is going to get this newspaper noticed! Now, good day, Joe!\" With that, Mr. Hennessy shoved Joe out of the office and slammed the door. Shocked, Joe looked at the secretary, who was busy typing a letter. \"The nerve of that guy!\" he said. The secretary paid no attention, but went right on typing.[Chapter 8] Joe arrived home; dizzy with thoughts of what had occurred in Mr. Hennessy's office. He laid his briefcase on the bed and took out the envelope containing his assignment. Settling into his favorite chair, he began to look through the contents. What he found was shocking. He couldn't do this assignment. It would hurt the person he loved most. Anya. It would expose Anya; revealing secrets that he had no doubt where untrue. Certainly she had been faced with hurtful publicity, but this story would absolutely devastate her. It was full of outrageous lies and accusations sure to sell plenty of newspapers. Angrily he picked up the phone and dialed the American News Service. \"Hennessy speaking.\" \"Mr. Hennessy, this is Joe Bradley.\" \"Bradley, I believe you're supposed to be working on an assignment.\" \"Yes sir, but I have something to say about that. I won't do it.\" There was a slight pause on the other end of the phone. \"You're saying you refuse to do the assignment?\" Mr. Hennessy asked. \"That's exactly what I'm saying!\" Joe said. \"May I ask why?\" \"Well, Mr. Hennessy, for starters, it's hurtful, deceitful, and full of lies and accusations.\" Joe said. \"And what concern is that of yours?\" Mr. Hennessy asked. \"I don't want any part of it!\" Joe said. 'Well then, in that case, you are officially suspended without pay. I expect you to be back in this office in 48 hours or you're fired!\" Mr. Hennessy said. Joe slammed down the phone, still fuming. He was sure he would lose his job over this, but right now nothing else mattered. Nothing except Anya.[Chapter 9] Joe woke to a loud pounding on his door. He leaned over and looked at his alarm clock; 5:30 am. Now who would be bothering him at this hour? \"All right, all right, I'm coming!\" He yelled as he put on his robe and slippers. Forcefully he opened the door. \"What's the meaning of this?\" Irving yelled, shoving a newspaper in Joe's face. \"What are you talking about, Irving?\" Joe asked. \"And what's the big idea, barging over here and waking me up? It's not even 6am!\" \"Oh don't play dumb, Joe!\" Irving yelled. \"I know you're a big shot reporter and all, but this time you've gone too far!\" He pushed his way into Joe's apartment and slammed the door. \"Irving, I swear! I have no idea what you're talking about!\" Joe said. \"You don't know what I'm talking about, huh?\" Irving said. \"Well then, perhaps you can explain the meaning of this?\" He unfolded the newspaper and flashed the front page headline. Joe's mouth opened in horror. There, in large bold letters was the headline; PRINCESS ANNE'S SECRETS REVEALED. EXCLUSIVE STORY BY JOE BRADLEY. \"Irving... I...\" \"Joe! How could you do this?\" Irving yelled. \"Just because she's the Princess doesn't mean you should destroy her!\" \"Irving, I had nothing to do with that story!\" Joe said. His heart was racing so fast, he could hardly think. \"Nothing to... Joe! Your name's all over it!\" Irving said. Angrily, Joe ran his hand through his hair. This was unbelievable. He felt himself trembling as he sat down on the bed. \"Irving, you've got to believe me! Just yesterday, Mr. Hennessy assigned that story to me and I refused! He threatened to fire me; even suspended me for a day without pay. I can't believe you would doubt me.\" Joe clinched his fist in frustration. Irving sat down in a chair. \"Joe... I'm sorry. I-I had no idea. I saw your name, and I-\" \"I know. I thought Mr. Hennessy was a respectable man. I see now that I was dead wrong. And to think I trusted him all this time.\" \"So what are you going to do?\" Irving asked. \"Well, I'm not going to sit here, that's for sure! I'm gonna give Mr. Hennessy a piece of my mind!\" Joe said.[Chapter 10] \"Anne! You must calm down! I've never seen you quite this upset before!\" The countess said as she stroked Anne's hair. \"I-I can't!\" Anne cried. Huge, gasping sobs escaped her. \"Anne! Anne, come now.\" The countess said. She looked over at the General and the chamber maid who were helpless as to what to do. \"Anne, I told you that newspapers were nothing but trouble. I knew I should have refused your request for one this morning. Now look what's happened.\" The chamber maid looked sullen. Timidly she walked over to the countess who was holding Anne's hand. \"I-I'm sorry, ma'am. I was the one who got the paper for the Princess! I had no idea it would cause so much trouble.\" \"It's okay, Rosa. 'It's not your fault.\" The countess said. \"Those reporters will dig up anything to hurt other people. She looked over at Anne who continued to sob. \"I've never seen anyone quite so hysterical over a silly newspaper article.\" The General said. \"It's not silly.\" The countess said. \"This is a disgrace.\" Anne's sobs quieted as she lay on the bed. \"Oh thank goodness.\" Rosa said. \"She's finally asleep.\" \"Come, let's leave Anne to rest. She's had a hard day.\" The countess said. She covered Anne with the comforter and followed the General and Rosa out of the room. As soon as the door was closed, Anne opened her eyes. At least she had fooled them into thinking that she was asleep. She got out of bed and walked over to the mirror, examining her red swollen eyes. She turned to see the newspaper lying at the foot of her bed. Her hands shook as she picked it up. The headline jumped out at her. ...SECRETS REVEALED...JOE BRADLEY Once again, tears spilled onto her cheeks. These weren't secrets; they were lies...all of them. Not one shred of truth filled the page. And it was because of Mr. Bradley. Why would he do this to her? She was stupid enough to think that he might have loved her. How could he? She was the one who left him; not the other way around. She thought of all the special moments she had shared with Joe. Even though they only spent one day with him, she would treasure those memories forever. Finally she had found someone who would love her that she could love in return. At least, until now, when one newspaper article shattered her world.[Chapter 11] \"I need to go to this address.\" Joe said as he handed the taxi driver a piece of paper. He wished his French was as good as his Italian, but this was Paris, after all. The driver looked at the piece of paper and nodded. \"Oui, Monsieur.\" Joe looked out the window as they passed the Eiffel Tower. It was such a magnificent structure. \"Ze Eiffel Tower es beautiful, oui?\" the driver asked. \"What? Oh, yes. Yes it is. \"Joe said, continuing to stare out the window. They rode in silence until the cab suddenly came to a stop. \"Here we are Monsieur. Are you sure this is right address?\" the driver asked. \"I no take many people to such important place.\" \"Well, it's... ah, business.\" Joe said, handing the driver some money. \"Ah, merci beaucoup.\" The driver said. Joe watched in silence as the taxi slowly drove away. When he was sure that he was alone, he tried to find an entrance. He stopped suddenly when he noticed a shadow, moving within the darkness. Quietly, he walked over to the partially open gate and peered inside. And then he saw her. Anya.[Chapter 12] She was even more beautiful than he remembered. Her face registered complete shock, and she stood frozen; staring at him. Slowly she walked toward him; tears brimming in her eyes. \"Anya.\" Joe said quietly. She looked so hurt. He wanted so much to take her in his arms and hold her close. But he didn't dare. \"W-what are you doing here? How did you find me?\" Anne asked. \"I had to see you.\" Joe said. She looked away. \"I have nothing to say to you.\" Joe's heart sank. Irving was right. He shouldn't have come. He could hear Anne sobbing and his heart ached. \"Anya, please. Listen to what I have to say, and then we never have to see each other again. I can't live with myself if I don't tell you the truth.\" Anne turned around. \"The truth, Mr. Bradley? I know the truth! You led me on, making me believe that you really cared about me, but you don't! You're just a reporter; the kind who likes to hurt people, no matter what the cost! I wish I had never met you!\" \"Anya, listen to me, please!\" Joe said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a newspaper. \"If you won't listen to me, will you at least read this article?\" \"Another article, Mr. Bradley?\" Anne asked. \"Why would I want to do that? Haven't I been hurt enough?\" \"You've been hurt far more than you deserve, Anya.\" Joe said. \"Just, please... take the article and read it. If you do this one thing for me, I promise I'll leave and never bother you again.\" Anne looked at him, startled to see tears in his eyes. She walked closer to him and took the paper. Joe smiled with relief. Her hands trembled as she opened the paper. \"Where's the article?\" She asked. Joe laughed nervously. \"It's on page two. My boss didn't think it warranted front-page news. Or I should say, my former boss.\" Anne's face softened. \"Your former- oh.\" She opened the paper and started to read. Joe noticed the tears streaming down her cheeks when she finished. \"You quit your job because of me?\" Joe nodded. \"Not because of you. For you. Anya, I'm so sorry I hurt you. I refused to write that article, and it was printed anyway. I swear, I had no part in it. And I'm so sorry I deceived you about my being a reporter. I was assigned to write a story about you, but... something happened.\" \"What happened?\" Anne asked, timidly. Joe smiled. \"I fell in love.\" Anne ran to Joe, and buried her face in his chest. He held her as tightly as he could, stroking her hair as she cried. \"Oh, Joe...\" \"Anya...\" Joe whispered breathlessly. I missed you so much.\" \"I'm-I'm sorry I doubted you.\" Anne said. \"Do you forgive me?\" \"Forgive? Anya... I love you.\" Joe took her face in his hands, kissing her passionately. They held each other close; not wanting to let go of the moment. \"I love you, too.\" Anne whispered. Joe held her close, as tears filled his eyes. Those were the words he had longed to hear. Finally, Anne looked around the darkness. \"I-I should go.\" She said quietly. \"Yes.\" Joe said. \"I'll never forget you, Joe Bradley.\" Anne said, kissing him one last time. Joe watched as Anya turned and walked back to the palace.[Chapter 13] Weeks had passed, and Joe looked around his apartment, noticing how bare it seemed. His belongings were packed, and he was ready to leave. He looked out the window, noting that the sun had given way to grey, cloudy skies once more. He stepped outside on the balcony and looked out on the city. He would miss Rome, more than he ever thought possible. There was a knock on the door, and Joe went inside to answer it. \"Your taxi is here, Senior Bradley.\" \"Thanks, Giovanni. I'll be right there.\" He picked up the newspaper that lay on the floor, and smiled when he saw the front page. Anya stood, regal in her flowing gown, holding hands with children from a less fortunate country. The headline read: PRINCESS ANNE FEEDS THE HUNGRY The relief Joe felt was unimaginable. No longer were the headlines filled with hateful and hurtful words about the princess. Finally the truth about the article that had caused so much pain for Anne had been revealed. He admired Anne for the way she handled herself in the midst of the accusations and lies. She truly was a wonderful woman. Since his editorial was printed, he had once again become a respected journalist. Several job offers had come his way, including one from his beloved New York City. It was an offer he couldn't refuse. A knock on the door came again, and he answered it. \"Senior Bradley, your taxi!\" Giovanni said impatiently. Joe laughed. \"I'm coming right now, Giovanni.\" He handed Giovanni his bags and closed the door behind him. The taxi pulled away from Via Marguta. Suddenly, Joe heard Giovanni yelling. \"Senior Joe! Wait!\" \"Stop!\" Joe yelled, forgetting the proper Italian word. Surprisingly, the taxi came to a halt, and Giovanni came running up behind them. \"Senior Joe! This come for you. I sorry I no give it to you before.\" Joe smiled and shook his friend's hand. \"That's all right, Giovanni. You take care of yourself, you hear?\" Giovanni smiled. \"How they say in America... Bon Voyage, Mr. Bradley!\" Joe laughed and waved as the taxi drove away.[Chapter 14] \"Are you comfortable, Mr. Bradley?\" The flight attendant asked as Joe settled into the large leather seat. \"Yes, thank you.\" He said. \"I'll let you know if I need anything.\" The flight attendant smiled. \"We should be in New York on schedule.\" \"I can hardly wait to get back to the US of A.\" Joe said. \"Have you been in Rome long, Mr. Bradley?\" the flight attendant asked. \"Long enough to have the most memorable experience ever.\" Joe said. The plane taxied down the runway, and before long, they were airborne. Joe looked out the window as the city of Rome became smaller and smaller. When it was no longer visible, he leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes. Suddenly, he remembered the envelope from Giovanni. He sat up and removed his coat, pulling the letter from his pocket. It had no return address, but was postmarked from Germany. Baffled, he carefully tore open the envelope. Inside was a thousand lire and a note: My dearest Mr. Bradley It has been weeks since I left Rome and yet I've only now had the chance to write. As promised, I'm returning the money you so graciously loaned me. Words cannot express my sincere gratitude for your thoughtfulness in Rome. I had the best day of my life, and sadly, it will be years, perhaps never that I will have those experiences again. As much as I wanted to stay in Rome, my duty is to my country and I must fulfill that duty; at whatever cost it may have. I will never forget you, Mr. Bradley and you will always hold a special place in my heart. Sincerely and with love, Anya Joe smiled, remembering Anya. He knew he would never forget his Roman Holiday, and how his life was forever changed by a Princess. THE END A/N: Once again thank you for reading and for any comments you care to leave! ","Summary":" Joe Bradley walked out of the Palace, unable to get her out of his mind. For one brief afternoon, s"},{"Movie":"Ant Bully","Title":"Lucas' Underwear Summer","Author":"MAAFanfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13114746","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All rights go to Warner Bros. This will be my 1 st One-Shot Collection, so please use constructive criticism. Warning: There's nudity (because of course there is) and other things. Enjoy. After a very emotional day, Tiffany gave Lucas the freedom to wear what he wanted for the rest of the week. Lucas was very happy about this, as he won't be judged by his sister again. Lucas was in his bed playing Gameboy-like device, until he eventually went to sleep. The next morning came around and Lucas woke up with a slightly more positive attitude than the past few days. He was wearing the white briefs he wore yesterday and nothing else. He planned on spending the entire day in white briefs because not only did he like the freedom, it was summer and it was very hot outside. Lucas got out of bed and grabbed a new pair of white briefs. He didn't want to wear the same briefs, because it felt dirty to him. He went straight towards the bathroom and performed his typical daily routine. Wash up, brush his teeth, comb his hair, and put on deodorant. The only thing left for him to do was put on the underwear. All he had to do was pull his current underwear down to the floor and pull the new underwear up to his waist. After he did this, he towards the kitchen to get something to eat. While he was on his way, he pulled the back of his underwear down to the point where Tiffany could fully see his butt. He only did this to annoy her, since she did say to not be completely naked in front of her. He got some food and sat down on a chair. \"Today is going to be great. Tiffany will probably in her room for most of the day, so I can do whatever I want in the house. I'll start by playing video games for a couple of hours.\" said Lucas. Lucas got some video games, powered up the console, and was ready to have some fun.[Chapter 2] Lucas sat down on the couch and waited for his game to install. Lucas felt a tad bit uncomfortable with his underwear being slightly pulled down. He thought to himself \"Well, I might as well take my underwear off completely. It's not like Tiffany is going to rush down here.\" He took off his underwear entirely and put it right next to him. Normally this would seem strange, but Lucas liked playing video games in the nude. This is not the first time Lucas has done this. About a year ago, Lucas got out of the shower in order to play the highly anticipated \"Shadow The Hedgehog\". The only thing he was currently wearing was a towel. As he played through the frustrating game, he moved around so much his towel started to loosen. After dying for the 20th time, Lucas shot up to his feet in anger, only for his towel to drop to the floor. Lucas felt incredibly awkward, yet strangely excited at the same time. As if things couldn't've gotten any weirder, his parents walked in and saw their naked son. \"Lucas, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! WHERE ARE YOUR CLOTHES?!\" said Lucas' mother, Doreen. Lucas then explained the situation to his parents and while Lucas' father, Fred, understood, his mother was still annoyed. \"Honey, I think it's best if I talk to Lucas alone. It's more of a man to man talk.\" said Fred. Doreen agreed and went off to another room. Fred then sat next to his son, who was still naked. \"Now son. I'm not mad at you for being around in your birthday suit. As long as it's in the house, it's fine. But I don't want this to be a habit, because it's not considered \"normal\" in society\". said Fred. After talking to his son for the next 6 minutes, he gave Lucas his towel and sent him to his room. As Lucas was waiting for the incredibly long load time, he realized a problem. \"How am I going to go to the bathroom?\" Lucas thought. He then looked around and saw a large bottle on the table. Lucas has heard about people doing this, but he never it himself. \"I guess it's worth a try.\" said Lucas. He put his \"member\" in the bottle and peed right into it. After the first few seconds, Lucas relaxed and let the yellow stream flow. \"Okay, maybe it's time for me to go downstairs. I doubt Lucas is doing anything weird.\" said Tiffany. She went downstairs and saw a sight she couldn't unsee. Her little brother was not only completely naked, but he was peeing in a bottle. \"You know what, I'm going to go back upstairs for a while.\" said Tiffany as she rushed up the stairs. Lucas thought he heard something, but ignored it as he was ready to play his game.[Chapter 3] After playing with his game for roughly 2 hours, Lucas noticed something strange. He looked at body and saw that his hands and feet were bigger. Lucas thought to himself \"Why are my hands and feet so big? Were they always big or was it a side effect of the potion?\". The change wasn't even subtle. It looked like he grew one shoe size overnight. Lucas thought about it for a bit and decided to ask Tiffany about it. \"Hey Tiffany? Can you come here for a moment?\" asked Lucas. Tiffany came the living room and saw Lucas naked. \"OH MY GOD, Lucas! I told you not to be naked in front of me!\" yelled Tiffany. \"I know but I just wanted to ask you a question.\" said Lucas. \"Ughhhh. Fine, but make it quick.\" said Tiffany. \"Okay so I wanted to ask you if you noticed anything weird with my body.\" said Lucas. \"Other than the fact that you're in your birthday suit, no I don't see anything weird. Why are you asking?\" said Tiffany. \"Well it's just that my hands and feet are bigger than they were yesterday.\" said Lucas. Tiffany looked at his hands and feet and said \"I mean your hands and feet were always big, but this is a bit strange.\" She then looked at Lucas' naked body and said \"There are a couple of potential reasons as to why they're bigger. It can be puberty, a growth spurt, some type of drugs, or it's just the way you were made. Either way, I don't think it's something to be worried about. Now I'm going back to my room and don't you EVER show off your nakedness towards me. The least you could do is put on some briefs.\" After Tiffany left, Lucas continued to play his game. It was going great, until he had to pee again. He looked at the bottle and saw it was mostly full. He didn't see any other bottles laying around, so he had to go to the bathroom. Little did Lucas know, things were about to get interesting.[Chapter 4] As Lucas walked towards the bathroom, the urge to pee grew stronger, so he started to run to the bathroom. Once he made it, he closed the door and looked at the toilet. He remembered some kid talking about there was a different way you pee. He said you had to sit on the toilet backwards and then do your business. Lucas thought about it and decided to try it out. He lifted up the toilet seat and jumped right on it. It felt weird to sit on the toilet the opposite way, but at least the front of his body wouldn't be visible. After getting in the right position, he let the yellow stream come out and relaxed. Little did Lucas know, his grandmother was heading towards the same bathroom. No one bothered to tell Grandma about Lucas' new way of living. So it was a real shock when she opened the door and saw Lucas. Not only was Lucas peeing the wrong way, he was also completely naked. Grandma screamed which only made Lucas scream. \"Lucas, what are you doing?\" she asked. \"Well, someone at school told people a new way of peeing and I wanted to try it out.\" said Lucas. \"No, I'm talking about the fact that you're naked as the day you were born.\" said Grandma. \"Oh. Well, it's a long story.\" said Lucas. After telling his grandmother about why he was naked, she was no longer angry. \"Well, I suppose that's fair, but how will you tell your parents?\" she asked. \"I guess I'll tell them when they come back.\" said Lucas. \"Okay, so what were planning on doing today?\" asked Grandma. \"Nothing much. Just playing video games and relaxing. Actually, now that I think about it, I'm going outside to get some sun.\" said Lucas. \"Alright, but be careful. I don't want you to be caught.\" said Grandma. \"Don't worry Grandma, no one ever goes to the backyard. I should be fine.\" said Lucas. \"Okay, I love you Lucas and you need to put on sunscreen.\" said Grandma. \"I love you too and I will.\" said Lucas. The two hugged and Lucas was preparing to go outside.[Chapter 5] Lucas quickly put on some sunscreen before heading to the backyard. He rubbed it all over his body, because he wasn't planning on getting any sunburn. He then drank about half of a 2 Liter bottle of soda. Right as he was about to walk out the back door, he realized something. \"I might need a chair.\" said Lucas. He then went into his garage and found a long beach chair. \"This will do.\" said Lucas. After he got the chair, he went out to his backyard. It was a relatively clean backyard, with freshly cut grass and an old sandbox that Lucas used to play in when he was little. Normally, Lucas would be careful to not let anyone catch him in his nakedness. But due to the extremely hot temperature, it was roughly 91 degrees, no one was outside, which made it easy for Lucas to get away with this. Lucas then set up the chair and laid down on it stomach first, with his backside exposed for the world to see. Lucas was happy, but that happiness was about to disappear in a few minutes. Steve and the other neighborhood bullies were in the mood to torture Lucas again, after leaving him bruised and naked last time. They looked in the front yard, but they didn't see Lucas anywhere. \"Ugh. Where could \"Little Lucas\" be?\" asked Steve. \"Hey Steve, did check the backyard?\" asked one of the bullies. \"You know, that's a great idea.\" said Steve. The bullies checked the gate to see if it was locked, but it wasn't, which gave the bullies the easiest gateway to get to Lucas. The bullies went to the backyard to find Lucas and were shocked by what they saw. All they saw was Lucas sleeping on a beach chair, completely nude with his butt exposed. \"Man, what is wrong with this kid?\" asked one of the bullies. \"Does he realize his backyard is not a nude beach?\" asked another bully. \"Who cares? Let's just beat him up and get out of here.\" said Steve. Lucas woke up from his nap and saw Steve and his friends. He screamed and asked \"Why are you guys here?\" \"To continue our reign of terror on you. And since you're naked, I'm gonna give an even bigger beatdown.\" said Steve. Steve then pushed the chair over and Lucas fell with a thud. He then gave Lucas a few kicks to the stomach and a slap to his bare back. Lucas tried to fight back by kicking Steve's face with his bare feet, but Steve was too strong. Steve then picked Lucas up by his arms, while the rest of the bullies cheered on. Lucas struggled to get out, since he couldn't use his arms. \"Well \"Tiny Lucas\", what are you going to do now?\" said Steve in a mocking tone. Lucas didn't have too many ideas at the moment, but he did have one idea in his mind. It was disgusting and wrong, but it would get him out of this predicament. Lucas looked at Steve and peed right in his face. Steve was beyond grossed out and said \"Oh my God! Dude, what the hell?! It got in my eyes!\" Lucas took advantage of the situation and kicked Steve's leg. Once Steve was down, Lucas punched him several several times, before kicking him in the face with his dirty bare foot. After this, Steve and the bullies ran away. Lucas felt satisfied with himself and went back inside. Tiffany was downstairs and saw Lucas, who was somewhat bruised. Concerned for him, Tiffany went to him and asked \"What happened? Did those bullies show up again?\" \"Yeah, they beat me up a little, but I handled it.\" said Lucas. \"How?\" asked Tiffany. Lucas whispered to her the details and Tiffany said \"That's super gross. But it got the job done and you won't have to deal with those stupid bullies anymore.\" Lucas went back to the couch to put his underwear back on. \"So, do you want to have some dinner together?\" asked Tiffany. \"Sure. That's fine with me.\" said Lucas. \"Great. I'll make some chicken nuggets.\" said Tiffany. After 20 minutes, Tiffany and Lucas sat down at the dinner table to eat.[Chapter 6] After a long and somewhat strange day, Tiffany and Lucas were eating chicken nuggets at the dinner table. Lucas was currently in his underwear, as he was mostly naked throughout the day. Tiffany would've gotten mad at Lucas for his lack of clothing, but she got used to it. Besides, it wasn't hurting anybody. \"So, I just got a call from Mom and Dad and they said they're going to be home either later tonight or early in the morning.\" said Tiffany. \"Okay, that's fine. Whatever.\" said Lucas. \"You realize you might have to explain your current \"attire\" to them.\" said Tiffany. \"That's not a problem. If it wasn't a problem for Grandma, it shouldn't be a problem for Mom and Dad.\" said Lucas. \"Fine. Your decision.\" said Tiffany. After eating his food, Lucas wanted to annoy Tiffany, so he put his bare feet on the table. Tiffany looked at him and said \"Ugh. Lucas, I'm trying to eat a salad here. The last thing I need right now is to look at your disgusting toes.\" Lucas went a step further and pulled his underwear down and put it on his feet. \"LUCAS! First you show me your feet and now you want to get naked again. Like, come on.\" said Tiffany. Lucas then started playing around with his underwear on his feet. \"You know what I'm done. You can play with yourself downstairs. Meanwhile, I'm going to my room and listening to some music. Don't try to bother me and if Mom and Dad show up, you're on your own.\" said Tiffany. Once Tiffany left, Lucas started to ask himself how he was going to convince his parents to let him be like this. To be a semi-nudist, for a lack of a better word. He only wanted to either be in his underwear or completely nude. If he was going to wear some shoes, he'll wear sandals. Other than that, no shirts, pants, belts, or sneakers. He thought about it for several minutes and decided on writing a letter. The letter will be roughly a page long and will explain why he wanted to live this lifestyle. It took him around 30 minutes to write the letter and he placed it near the front door. Lucas then went to his room and waited for his parents to arrive. \"Tiffany! Lucas! We're home!\" said Doreen, Lucas' mother. The two parents were exhausted from their trip to Puerto Vallarta, but they were happy to see their kids again. Fred, Lucas' father, looked around the house and saw some type of letter. \"Hey honey, look at this. It looks like a letter, should we read it?\" said Fred. \"It was in our house, so I don't see why we can't.\" said Doreen. The two then started to read the letter.[Chapter 7] After they read the letter, the two were conflicted on what to do. \"Well honey, it seems that this is how our son wants to be.\" said Fred. \"I know, but I don't know if it's right. Something could happen to him or people will shame him.\" said Doreen. \"I think it would be best if we talk to Lucas about it first before we make a final decision.\" said Fred. \"Good idea.\" said Doreen. The two went up to Lucas' room and knocked on the door. \"Lucas? Can we come in? We need to talk about something important. Something that revolves around you.\" said Doreen. Lucas, only wearing his white briefs, opened the door and said, \"Is this about my letter?\". \"Yep. That's exactly why we need to talk to you.\" said Fred. Lucas sat down on his bed, while his parents were talking amongst themselves. \"Okay Lucas, we read your letter and we are still undecided on letting you become a semi-nudist.\" said Doreen. \"We thought it would be best if you explain all of the things you would do as a semi-nudist.\" said Fred. Lucas thought about it and said \"If I were a semi-nudist, I would either wear my underwear or nothing at all. The only shoes I would wear are sandals. I wouldn't go to public places, unless I am fully clothed. I'll only be semi-nude in the house or in the backyard. I'll do this in front of my family and no one else.\". Fred and Doreen looked at Lucas with approval and said \"If that's how you want to be, then we'll allow it. But only for the summer season, since it's really hot outside.\" Lucas was ecstatic and said \"Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! You're the best parents ever!\". The three hugged and Lucas went straight to bed. Fred and Doreen were proud of themselves and said \"As long as nothing goes wrong, things should be fine.\".[Chapter 8] Lucas was so happy his parents allowed him to be a semi-nudist. He was worried they would scold him about why it's bad, but not only did they listen to him, they understood why he wanted to live this way. \"This summer is going to be great, now that I can either wear my underwear or be au naturel . I really need to part planning things soon, but it's only May, I have 3 free months to be live like this.\" Lucas thought before he went to sleep. As he slept, he dreamed off all the things he could do over the summer. He might make some friends, go on a vacation, and make some happy memories. The next morning came and Lucas woke up with a positive attitude. \"Alright my first official day of being a semi-nudist. I should take a morning shower first before I do anything.\" said Lucas. He got out of bed and went to his drawer to grab some clean underwear. \"Perfect.\" thought Lucas. As Lucas was walking to the bathroom, he saw Tiffany walking in the opposite direction. She looked at him and said \"Look Lucas, I know you're allowed to run around in your undies or in the nude, so I'm not going to judge you. But please don't bother me with gross things like showing off your butt in my face.\" \"I promise I won't shake my butt in your face. Okay.\" said Lucas. \"Good, now go take a shower, you smell.\" said Tiffany. Lucas got in the bathroom and took off his dirty underwear. He then got in the shower and turned the water on. As the warm water rinses over him, he closes his eyes and pees in the shower. It felt nice to do this, especially since no one would interrupt him. After turning off the shower, he dried himself off and put on the clean underwear. Lucas was now ready to start the day. He went to the kitchen where he saw a plate of bacon, eggs, and pancakes waiting for him. \"Hi honey. Did you sleep good?\" asked Doreen. \"Yeah I slept pretty good.\" said Lucas as he sat at the table, ready to eat a delicious breakfast. \"So what are your plans for today?\" asked Doreen. \"I might go outside for a bit, but I'll mostly stay in the house.\" said Lucas. \"Well alright.\" said Doreen. It took about 15 minutes for Lucas to finish his meal. After he finished, we went to the backyard and checked to see if anyone was coming. Once the coast was clear, he pulled down his underwear and put it on the door handle. He spent the rest of the morning running around, doing exercises, and playing a bit of soccer. It was fun, until an unexpected person saw Lucas.[Chapter 9] The person who was watching Lucas run around naked was a new kid named Jake. He was 10 years old and things such as video games, comic books, and science fiction. He moved into the neighborhood about a week ago, because his dad got an amazing business opportunity, so he took the chance and moved. Jake lived in a big house with his parents and older brother. Jake's mom was a retail manager, while Jake's dad worked as a banker. They were successful and happy, but they didn't spend too much time with Jake. They loved him, but work got in the way of spending family time together. Jake's brother, Matt, was a junior in high school and spent the most time with Jake. Although Matt can be a bit of a jerk sometimes, he still loved Jake and wanted the best for him. After a week of settling in, Jake was trying to make new friends. He could still talk to his old friends, but his parents wanted him to try and make new ones. Today, Jake was walking around the neighborhood, until he heard a voice in the distance. He was curious about the noise, so he walked closer to it and saw a kid running around his yard. It looked pretty normal for the most part, until Jake noticed that the kid was naked. Jake was understandably curious and stood frozen in place. Meanwhile, Lucas was playing a game of soccer by himself, until he turned around and saw a kid staring at him. \"AHHHHHH!\" screamed Lucas as he quickly covered himself. \"Woah, dude. I didn't mean to scare you. I was just walking by, until I heard some noises around here.\" said Jake. \"You're….you're not freaked out that I'm naked?\" asked Lucas. \"Dude, I don't have a problem with that. If that's what you want to do, then I won't judge.\" said Jake. \"Okay. Hey, I don't think I've seen you before. Are you new here?\" asked Lucas. \"Yeah, I just moved here about a week ago. My dad got a business opportunity, so that's why I here.\" said Jake. \"Oh, so do you have any friends?\" asked Lucas. \"As of right now, no. Do you?\" replied Jake. \"No, I was always the kid who gets picked on all the time.\" said Lucas. \"Well, that sucks. So do want to be friends with me?\" asked Jake. \"Really? You want to be friends with me?\" asked Lucas. \"Yeah, you seem like a good guy. You want to exchange phone numbers?\" asked Jake. \"Sure.\" said Lucas. Lucas went inside the house and put on the underwear he left on the door handle. He wrote down his number on a piece of paper and gave it Jake. Jake then gave his phone number to Lucas. \"So I'm not asking this to be mean, but I am curious. Why were you naked in your backyard?\" asked Jake. \"I'm would classify myself as a semi-nudist. I either wear my white briefs or nothing at all, but only near my house.\" said Lucas. \"Well that makes sense. So, I guess I'll talk to you later.\" said Jake. \"Yeah, we can talk later. Maybe even hang out another time.\" said Lucas. \"That's sound good to me, but I have to talk to my parents about it. It was nice meeting you.\" said Jake. The two new friends went back to their houses and were both happy about how things turned out.[Chapter 10] Lucas was in an incredibly happy mood when he entered the house. He finally made a friend who was both nice and wasn't bothered by his new lifestyle. He would still have to see what Jake's parents say about his semi-nudeness, but that was for a later day. He ran into the kitchen and accidently slipped on some water. Lucas landed with a thud and his briefs were now soaked. \"Aww man. Why the heck was that water there anyway?\" said Lucas. Tiffany came into the kitchen and saw Lucas' current predicament. She wanted to laugh, but knew it would be bad and said, \"Lucas, what happened? I heard a noise.\" \"I ran into the kitchen and slipped on some water.\" said Lucas. \"Water? Oh, I know what you're talking about. I was talking on the phone, when I knocked my water bottle of the counter. I was going to mop it up later, until you crash and burned into the kitchen.\" said Tiffany. Lucas was annoyed by that comment and said, \"Since I can't wear underwear right now, I'll do the next best thing.\" He pulled off his wet underwear and threw it at Tiffany. \"UGHHHH! Why do you always do this?\" asked Tiffany. She stormed off into her room, while Lucas sat on the floor. \"Yeah, that showed her.\" said Lucas. Right after Lucas said that comment, his bladder decided to be released on the spot. Realizing the situation, Lucas quickly put his hands on his crotch and looked for a solution. He didn't have time to go to get to the toilet or find a water bottle. Lucas was in a no-win situation. Just as things couldn't get worse, Fred came home and greeted Lucas. This gave Lucas a jump scare and made the moment go from awkward to embarrassing in a matter of seconds. Lucas peed directly on the floor right in front of his father. It was so bad that a puddle of urine formed around his feet. Neither Lucas or Fred knew what to do in this situation.[Chapter 11] Fred was feeling many emotions right now. He felt annoyed, sad, and confused at the same time. His son, Lucas, just peed on the floor, right in front of him. Lucas hasn't peed himself since he was at least 4. He saw the urine around Lucas' feet and asked him, \"Lucas, what happened? Why did you pee yourself?\" Lucas was on the verge of tears and said, \"I slipped and fell on some water in the kitchen. It got my underwear all wet, so I took it off. Everything was fine, until I suddenly had a serious urge to pee. It was so sudden that I didn't have time to go to the bathroom. And when you came in, you startled me to a point where I peed immediately. I might have drank too much water before going outside, but now I'm embarrassed and humiliated. Please don't be mad at me.\" Fred looked at Lucas and said, \"Son, I'm not mad at you. Not one bit. I'll even admit it was my fault that you peed yourself. I mean, I understand you were in a desperate situation, but you need to be a bit more responsible. It would have been better if you peed outside, instead in the kitchen. Other than that, I'm not mad at you.\" \"Really?\" asked Lucas. \"Really. Heck, I'm glad you did it naked, because now I don't have to wash any clothes.\" said Fred. Lucas laughed and said, \"Thanks Dad.\" The two hugged each other and Fred told Lucas how much he loved him. Once they stopped, Lucas said, \"I'm going to take a quick shower, before I eat dinner.\" \"Good decision. I'll clean your pee off the floor, while you're showering.\" said Fred. \"Thanks Dad.\" said Lucas. Lucas quickly got in the shower and washed himself for roughly 5 minutes. He didn't need too much time to clean himself off. Once he stepped out the shower and dried himself, he decided to remain naked the rest of the night, no matter how potentially risky that can be. He then went downstairs to have dinner with his family.[Chapter 12] Meanwhile, Jake went back to his house and when he entered, he didn't see anyone home. \"Looks like no one's home. Perfect.\" said Jake. He immediately took off his shirt, shoes, socks, and pants. He was now only wearing his white briefs. Similar to Lucas, Jake preferred not to wear clothes, because he thought it made him uncomfortable. He told his family about this and they allowed him to do it, as long as he wasn't naked. Even though he told his parents, he would rather do it when they weren't home, because it would prevent awkward stares. Jake walked into the living room and saw his brother, Matt, doing something with the TV. Matt looked at Jake and asked, \"So, what happened with you?\" \"Oh, I walked around the neighborhood and met a kid named Lucas.\" said Jake. \"Who's Lucas? Is he a real friend or a fake friend?\" asked Matt. \"He's a real friend, Matt. He was nice and cool, but I realized we had something in common.\" said Jake. \"Like what?\" asked Matt. \"He never liked to wear clothes either and he's a semi-nudist. The only difference between us is that Lucas can be naked, while I can't. I mean, I've thought about it, but Mom and Dad thinks it's too far.\" said Jake. \"You're already in your underwear, so I don't think it would be that big of a deal if you went around naked. I wouldn't mind, but I don't know how Mom and Dad would react. Maybe you can do it at Lucas' house, I don't think his parents would mind.\" said Matt. Jake thought about it and said, \"You know what? That's a great idea, I should call him and ask him about hanging out.\" said Jake. \"Good, but since you're only wearing underwear right now, you know what that means.\" said Matt. \"No, please no. Please, you don't have to do this.\" said Jake. \"It's WEDGIE TIME.\" said Matt. Wedgie time was when Matt pulled Jake off the ground by only using his underwear. Matt pulled on the back of Jake's underwear and pulled him up in the air. Jake in a bit of pain, while Matt laughed at the situation. After around a minute, he put Jake down and said, \"55 seconds. Looks like you broke last week's record of 49 seconds.\" All Jake did was glare at Matt and went up to his room. He locked the door and pulled out a stash of adult magazines his brother owned. \"Time to have some fun.\" said Jake as he slowly took off his underwear and it fell to the ground.[Chapter 13] Jake was now completely naked, on his bed reading an old issue of Playboy. \"Man, that's so hot.\" said Jake as he looked at a sexy model. While Jake was in his room, his parents, Mark and Zoey, entered the house. \"God, that was the worst meeting I've ever been in.\" said Zoey. \"I know, the guy would never shut up about his love for cats.\" said Mark. \"Hello? We're home! We just came back from an awful meeting!\" said Zoey. Matt immediately stopped playing on his Xbox 360 and ran up to his parents. \"Hey Matt. What were you doing while we were gone?\" asked Mark. \"Oh, I just played on my Xbox and talked to some friends.\" said Matt. \"Okay, but what about Jake?\" asked Zoey. \"He walked around the neighborhood and met a new friend named Lucas. He didn't tell me much about him, but he sounds like a nice kid.\" said Matt. \"That's great! I'm so happy he's making new friends. So, where is he right now?\" asked Zoey. \"I think he's in his room.\" said Matt. The three walked up the stairs and went to Jake's bedroom. Meanwhile, Jake was deep into reading the magazine, enjoying every second of it. While reading, he felt something weird happening to his \"special area\". \"What's happening?\" Jake asked himself. Before he can figure it out, he heard a knock on his door. \"Jake, it's your mother and father. Can you please let us in?\" asked Zoey. Jake was about to respond, but he suddenly felt something come out of his \"weenie\". It wasn't pee, but it was something white and sticky. Jake started to freak out, because no one told him about this. \"He's not answering. Matt, can you get the emergency key for me?\" asked Mark. \"Sure.\" said Matt. Matt grabbed the key and gave it to his father. Jake didn't know what to do in his current situation. He tried to clean up the mess, but more came out. Just as things couldn't get any worse, he hears the door open. Jake quickly threw the magazine under his bed, as his family entered the room. They were all shocked by what they saw. \"Jake, what the…..what are you doing?!\" asked Zoey. \"Zoey please. I think it would be best if I talked to Jake about this, since it is a guy's topic.\" said Mark. \"Fine.\" said Zoey as she left the room. Mark sat down next to Jake and said, \"Son, I didn't think we would have this talk until you were 12 or 13, but now I have to. Jake, you're now going through this thing called puberty, which is the stage where you become a man. You'll start to grow more hair, your voice will get deeper, and more sperm will come out of your penis. This is nothing to be worried about, but it is apart of everyone's life. And now it's apart of your life.\" said Mark. Jake looked at his father and said, \"Okay, Dad.\" \"Good, now please put on your underwear, so we can have dinner.\" said Mark. Mark left the room and Zoey asked him, \"How was the talk?\" \"Considering I had to come up with it on the fly, I thought I explained things well to him. I just didn't think it would be so soon.\" said Mark. Matt gave Jake some paper towels in order to help him clean up. Once he did, he put on his underwear and walked out of the room. \"Dude, I'm surprised you got puberty so soon. I didn't get it until I was 12.\" said Matt. \"Wow, so I actually one upped you this time.\" said Jake. \"If you start bragging about this, I will hang you by your underwear on a tree.\" said Matt. The two went to the dinner table and the family started to eat.[Chapter 14] While Jake had a life-changing moment, Lucas was currently eating dinner with his family. He was currently naked and even though it felt a bit awkward, it didn't bother anyone. Lucas also had to put a pillow on his chair, because the bottom of the chair irritated his butt. \"So Lucas, did anything exciting happen today?\" asked Doreen. \"Well, I met a new friend.\" said Lucas. \"That's great. It's been a while since you've made friends. What's their name?\" asked Doreen. \"His name is Jake and he's pretty cool. We talked for a bit and we exchanged our phone numbers with one another. The way we met though was super weird.\" said Lucas. \"Why is that?\" asked Fred. \"When I was in the backyard, I took off my underwear and ran around naked. I was having fun, but I didn't realize that he was looking at me in the distance.\" said Lucas. \"What did he say? Was he bothered by your nudeness?\" asked Doreen. \"Actually no. He was totally fine with it.\" said Lucas. \"Well that's a relief. I thought he would run away and tell his parents.\" said Fred. \"Is there anything else?\" asked Doreen. Lucas looked at her nervously and said, \"Um, when I was in the house, I slipped on some water and it made my underwear wet. I took off the underwear, but I suddenly had to pee real bad. Then Dad came in and scarred me so much that I….peed….on…the…floor.\" said Lucas. Lucas had a look of shame on his face, but his mother was very forgiving. \"Lucas, it's okay. People have accidents from time to time. You just need to be a bit more careful, when it comes to using the bathroom.\" said Doreen. Once the family finished eating, Lucas decided to call Jake. The phone rang for a few seconds and Jake responded with \"Hello?\". \"Is this Jake?\" asked Lucas. \"Yeah, it's Jake, who is this?\" asked Jake. \"It's Lucas. We talked earlier today.\" said Lucas. \"Oh, I remember you. So what are you up to?\" asked Jake. \"Nothing, I just finished eating dinner. What about you?\" said Lucas. \"I'm about to eat dinner with my family. Did you need something?\" asked Jake. \"Yeah, um, are you doing anything tomorrow?\" asked Lucas. \"No, why?\" asked Jake. \"I was wondering if you wanted to hang out at my house. Or your house, whichever one you want to do.\" said Lucas. \"Yeah, I can do that. What time do you want to do it?\" asked Jake. \"How about from 11am to 4pm? Does that sound good?\" asked Lucas. \"Works for me, but we need to give each other our addresses first.\" said Jake. \"Good idea.\" said Lucas. The two exchanged each others addresses and Jake said, \"Lucas, I have something to tell you.\" \"What is it?\" asked Lucas. \"I…like to only…wear…my…..underwear when I'm at home.\" said Jake. \"Dude, I do the same thing. It's not a big deal. Heck, you can do it at my house.\" said Lucas. \"Okay, so I'll see you at your house then.\" said Jake. \"Yeah. I'll talk to you then. Alright bye.\" said Lucas.[Chapter 15] Jake hung up the phone and went to the dinner table. \"Jake, who were you talking to?\" asked Zoey. \"I was talking with my new friend Lucas. He asked me if I wanted to hang out with him tomorrow.\" said Jake. \"And what did you tell him?\" asked Mark. \"Since I have nothing to do tomorrow, I told him I could do it.\" said Jake. \"Is he a nice kid?\" asked Mark. \"Yeah, he's pretty cool. There is one thing we actually have in common.\" said Jake. \"And that would be?\" asked Zoey. \"Neither of us like to wear clothes. Lucas describes himself as a semi-nudist, which means he either wears his underwear or nothing at all.\" said Jake. \"I'm surprised his parents would allow him to go that far, because although I'm not shaming him, I'm just not the biggest fan of open nudity.\" said Mark. \"So that's why you allow me to be in my underwear and not be nude.\" said Jake. \"Pretty much.\" said Mark. \"Hmmm. How about you let me do something?\" asked Jake. \"What do you mean?\" asked Zoey. \"For the rest of the night, you allow me to be naked and if I don't like it, I'll put my underwear back on.\" said Jake. Mark and Zoey talked to each other for about a minute and Mark said, \"Okay son, we'll allow you to be naked.\" \"Sweet!\" said Jake. Jake immediately got out of his chair and pulled his underwear down to the floor. He was now 100% naked. Exposing his \"special place\" was weird at first, but he quickly got used to it. He walked around for a bit and laid down on the couch. Jake wiggled his toes and said, \"No wonder Lucas likes to live like this. This is great.\" It was now 10pm and Jake was about to go to bed. He grabbed his underwear and walked up the stairs. Right before he entered his room, Mark came out and said, \"You know Jake, after thinking about for a while, maybe letting you be naked isn't such a bad thing after all.\" \"Really? You'll allow me to be naked?\" asked Jake. \"Yes. Your mother and I discussed it and we decided to let you do it. Just as long as it's in this house or your friend's house. Your friend is fine with this right?\" asked Mark. \"Yes, Dad. Lucas is a semi-nudist. If I can be naked at his house, then he can be naked at our house. Plain and simple.\" said Jake. \"Alright, son. I hope you have a fun time with Lucas tomorrow.\" said Mark. Mark hugged Jake and the two went to bed. Jake fell on his bed and said, \"Tomorrow is going to be a great day.\"[Chapter 16] The next day came and Jake woke up with a smile on his face. \"Today's the day I can hang out with Lucas. Hopefully everything goes well.\" said Jake. Jake got out of bed and walked over to the bathroom. When he got there, he saw Matt brushing his teeth. Matt noticed that Jake was naked and said, \"I heard that Mom and Dad have finally allowed you to be naked around the house.\" \"Yep and because I won't wear underwear regularly anymore, you can't give me a wedgie.\" said Jake. \"You're right. I can't give you a wedgie, but I can think of alternatives.\" said Matt. Since Jake was in such a good mood, his brother's threat didn't bother him in the slightest. Once Jake washed up and got dressed, he was on his way out the door, until Zoey stopped him and said, \"Well Jake, I hope you have a fun time with Lucas.\" \"Okay Mom.\" said Jake. Jake then left the house and went over to Lucas' house. Thankfully, it didn't take Jake a long time to get there (only around 3 minutes). He walked up to the door and rang the doorbell. Lucas heard the noise and quickly put on some clothes. Even though he was fine being naked around the house, he didn't want to show off his nudity to random people. Lucas opened the door and said, \"Hey Jake! I'm so glad you showed up. Come on in.\" said Lucas. Jake walked into the house and looked at the design of the place. Meanwhile, Lucas asked Jake, \"Are you sure you're fine with me being naked?\" \"Yes, I'm fine with it.\" said Jake. \"Okay.\" said Lucas as he immediately took off his clothes until he was in the nude. \"Um Lucas? Am I allowed to be…naked in your house?\" asked Jake. \"Sure dude. That's not a problem.\" said Lucas. Jake then slowly took off his clothes, until he was as naked as Lucas. \"How does it feel?\" asked Lucas. \"It's feels weird, but I kind of like it.\" said Jake. \"So what do you want to do?\" asked Lucas. \"We can play video games.\" said Jake. \"Cool.\" said Lucas. The two boys sat down on the couch and played \"Super Smash Bros. Melee\". While they were playing, their blatant nudity didn't bother them in the slightest. They were just having a good time being friends. \"Hey boys. Lunch is ready.\" said Doreen. The two went to the kitchen and were given peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. While they ate, they decided to have a little \"feet war\" with each other and Lucas won. It was now 4pm and Jake had to leave. He put on his clothes and said goodbye to Lucas. \"Lucas, I had a great time hanging out with you today. We should do this more often.\" said Jake. \"Yeah we should. Maybe next time I can go over your house.\" said Lucas. \"That sounds like a great idea. Alright Lucas, I'll see you later. Bye.\" said Jake. Jake then left Lucas' house and went on back to his own house. Once Jake came home, Matt asked him, \"So how was your time with Lucas?\" \"It was great.\" said Jake.[Chapter 17] After Jake left the house, Lucas sat on the couch and watched TV. \"How was your time with Jake?\" asked Fred. \"We had a great time. We played games, ate, and had fun.\" said Lucas. \"Did your nudity bother him in anyway?\" asked Fred. \"No, Dad. We were both naked and it didn't bother either of us one bit.\" said Lucas. \"Well, that's good. Are you going to be doing anything else today?\" asked Fred. \"No. I'm just going to eat dinner, take a shower, brush my teeth, and go right to bed.\" said Lucas. \"Okay then. I'm going to make us some pasta.\" said Fred. As Lucas' family was having dinner, Jake's family was busy having \"Family Movie Night\" at their house. Everyone except Jake was watching \"The Incredibles\" and they were having a blast. The reason why Jake wasn't with his family was because he was in his room contemplating on being naked. \"Should I be naked around my family during \"Family Movie Night?\" It might look weird. Now that I think about it, why am I being afraid about this? My family has accepted my nudeness, so it shouldn't be a big deal.\" said Jake. Jake then took off all his clothes and slowly walked into the living room. His family saw him and Mark said, \"Hey Jake. Glad you could join us. You can sit right next to your brother.\" Jake sat right next to Matt and said, \"Is the movie any good?\" Matt replied with \"Yeah, it's good. It's a lot more mature than I thought it would be.\" Once the movie was over, Jake heard the phone ring. He picked up the phone and asked, \"Hello?\" \"Jake, it's Lucas.\" said Lucas. \"Oh, hey Lucas. I didn't expect you to call so soon. Is something wrong?\" asked Jake. \"No, nothing's wrong. I just wanted to ask when we could hang out again.\" said Lucas. \"I don't have anything to do tomorrow, so we can hang out then.\" said Jake. \"Sweet. Can we hang out at your house?\" asked Lucas. \"Hold on. Mom! Can Lucas hang out at our house tomorrow?\" asked Jake. \"Yes, dear. That's fine with me.\" said Zoey. \"My mom said we could do it.\" said Jake. \"Do your parents mind if I'm naked the whole time?\" asked Lucas. \"Hold on again. Mom! Dad! Do you mind if Lucas is naked in our house tomorrow?\" asked Jake. \"As long as nothing happens, it's fine with us.\" said Mark. \"My parents say it's okay for you to be naked in the house.\" said Jake. \"Okay, awesome. I'll see you then. Bye.\" said Lucas. Jake hung up the phone and went back to his parents. \"Tomorrow is going to be the best day ever.\" said Jake.[Chapter 18] The next day had arrived and Lucas woke up with a smile on his face. After Jake hung out at Lucas' house, it was time for Lucas to hang out at Jake's house. Lucas was looking forward to this because he was curious about Jake's homelife and what his house looked like. Lucas then got out of bed and took off his dirty underwear. He grabbed some new clothes and went towards the bathroom. Once he showered, brushed his teeth, put on deodorant, and put on his clothes, he was ready for the day. Wearing clothes again felt weird to Lucas, since he hasn't worn any in some time. \"I hope I can get out of these soon.\" said Lucas. As much as Lucas wanted to walk to Jake's house naked, he knew he would get in a lot of trouble, so he had to wear clothes. Just as Lucas was on his way out the door, Doreen went up to Lucas and said, \"Hope you have a great time with your friend, Lucas.\" \"Thanks Mom.\" said Lucas as he walked out the door. Meanwhile, Jake was playing video games in only his underwear. As he was progressing through the game, he heard the doorbell ring and knew exactly who it was. He quickly put on his clothes and opened the door to greet Lucas. \"Hey Lucas, you ready to have some fun?\" asked Jake. \"Yeah man, I'm ready.\" said Lucas. Lucas stepped into the house and was stunned by what he saw. Jake's house looked normal on the outside, but it looked like a mansion on the inside. \"Dude, your house is freaking huge. It's like a mansion.\" said Lucas. \"I know. My parents work high paying jobs and were able to buy this house with no effort.\" said Jake. \"Cool, so can I meet your parents?\" asked Lucas. \"They're currently at work, so they won't be here for most of the day. I do have an older brother though.\" said Jake. \"You do? I have an older sister.\" said Lucas. \"Wow. That's another thing we have in common.\" said Jake. After the two talked, they took off their clothes and put them on the couch. \"You want to see my game room?\" asked Jake. The two walked up the stairs and walked into the room. Lucas was amazed by what was in the room. Jake had nearly every gaming console on the market in his room. \"I have a PS2, an Xbox, a GameCube, an Xbox 360, a N64, and even a Dreamcast. My parents even pre-ordered me a PS3 and a Wii.\" said Jake. \"Dude, this is insane. Where do we start?\" asked Lucas. \"We can start with \"Halo 2\".\" said Jake. For the next few hours, the two friends played \"Halo 2\", \"Sonic Heroes\", \"WWE SmackDown! Here Comes The Pain\", and \"Super Mario 64\". \"You want to do something else?\" asked Jake. \"Sure, what do you want to do?\" asked Lucas. \"I have a swimming pool in the back and we could swim around in it.\" said Jake. \"Will anyone see us?\" asked Lucas. \"My backyard is right outside a forest and the one thing I've noticed about your neighborhood is that no one ever goes outside.\" said Jake. \"I know, right? It's weird, but it does make it easier for me to go outside naked.\" said Lucas. \"Well, alright. There are towels outside and the water temperature should be warm, so let's go.\" said Jake. The two walked out of the game room and made their way outside.[Chapter 19] Once the boys made it outside, Lucas was impressed by how large the swimming pool was. \"Dude, this pool is just as big as the one they have at the water park.\" said Lucas. \"Yeah, it was installed before we moved here, so we got really lucky.\" said Jake. \"Where are the towels?\" asked Lucas. Jake pointed towards the towel rack near the door and said, \"The towels are over there.\" said Jake. \"Cool. So, are you ready to get in?\" asked Lucas. \"I think we should check the temperature first. Just to see if it's warm enough.\" said Jake. \"Okay.\" said Lucas. As Lucas walked towards the pool, he noticed how nice the breeze felt on his body. To him, it was another positive of being naked. He dipped his foot into the pool and said, \"It feels fine.\" What Lucas didn't know was that Jake was right behind him and he pushed him right into the pool. \"Dude?! What the heck?!\" said Lucas. \"You honestly should have saw that coming. It's one of the oldest tricks in history.\" said Jake. \"(Sigh) You're right.\" said Lucas. Jake then performed a cannonball into the pool and splashed Lucas with water. \"Man, I never thought swimming with no clothes on would feel this great. Don't you agree?\" said Jake. \"Yeah man, it's way better than wearing swimming trunks.\" said Lucas. For the next 30 minutes, the two boys swam around the pool and generally had a lot of fun. Eventually, they both exited the pool and dried themselves off with the towels. \"You mind if I take a shower, because the chlorine in the pool makes my butt itch.\" said Lucas. \"Sure. We have a shower in the house you can use. In fact, how about we both take a shower together, because I really need to take one too.\" said Jake. \"Won't that be weird?\" asked Lucas. \"I don't think it would be that weird. Besides, we've done \"weird\" things before. Remember the \"feet war\" we had with each other?\" said Jake. \"Yeah, that was fun. We should do it again sometime.\" said Lucas. \"We should…so I can beat you.\" said Jake. \"In your dreams.\" said Lucas. The boys then went inside the house to wash the chlorine off their bodies. Hope you enjoyed the chapter. Sorry about the long wait, I had some \"writer's block\" with this story. I knew what I wanted to do, but it couldn't find the right words for it. Anyway, the next two chapters will be the shower and the feet war, so stay tuned for those. Other than that, I hope you all have a wonderful day. Bye for now.[Chapter 20] Lucas and Jake were on their way to the shower, until Lucas realized something. He didn't know where the shower was. \"Hey Jake, do you know where the shower is?\" asked Lucas. \"We have one upstairs and it's pretty big. I heard you can fit up to 9 people in it.\" said Jake. \"Wow. You really live the high life.\" said Lucas. \"A lot of people say that, but I don't like to brag about it. I don't want to look like a douche to everyone. You know what I mean?\" said Jake. \"Totally, that's completely understandable.\" said Lucas. \"So are you ready to get clean, because I really don't want this chlorine on my body anymore.\" said Jake. \"Same. Let's go.\" said Lucas. The boys made their way upstairs and entered the bathroom. Lucas thought Jake was exaggerating the size of the shower, but he wasn't lying. \"Dude, this thing is gigantic.\" said Lucas. \"Yep. It is that big.\" said Jake. The two entered the shower and Jake turned the shower on to warm. As the two were waiting for the water to get warmer, Lucas told Jake, \"You seem surprisingly cool about this. Considering we're both naked and in the shower together. \"We've done a ton of things together, while naked. Why would this be any different?\" said Jake. \"It's just that I've heard things about guys taking showers together and \"dropping the soap\".\" said Lucas. \"Dude, I would never do something like that. That's disgusting. I mean we're friends, not strangers. And we're definitely not in a jail cell.\" said Jake. \"You're right. It shouldn't be a big deal.\" said Lucas. Once the water was warm enough, the two started to wash their bodies. Both used different soaps, because they thought sharing a bar of soap would be gross. The warm water felt good on their bodies and they relaxed a little. Unfortunately, they realized neither went to the bathroom before going swimming and they had to pee. Lucas attempted to hold it in, but Jake had a different plan. \"You have to pee?\" asked Jake. \"Yeah. Do you?\" replied Lucas. \"Yeah. I was thinking we could do it at the same time, with our eyes closed.\" said Jake. \"Uh, okay.\" said Lucas. The two closed their eyes and said, \"On the count of three. One. Two. Three.\" The two started to pee, but little did they knew, they weren't peeing in opposite directions. Instead, they peed on each other. They thought to themselves, \"Why am I feeling something on me?\" They opened their eyes and saw what was happening. Jake freaked out and said, \"What the heck man? You peed on me!\" \"You did the same thing!\" said Lucas. The boys quickly grabbed their soaps and started to scrub themselves clean. After they got out of the shower, Jake said, \"Even though the whole peeing thing was gross, it almost felt nice.\" \"I guess, but we are definitely not doing it again.\" said Lucas. \"Agreed.\" said Jake. They dried themselves off and walked downstairs. \"You ready to be beaten by my feet.\" said Jake. \"Dude, I beat you once and I'll do it again.\" said Lucas. \"Bring it on.\" said Jake.[Chapter 21] Jake and Lucas made their way downstairs and entered the living room. Lucas noticed how soft the carpet was and how everything was neatly organized. \"This the nicest living room I've ever seen.\" said Lucas. \"Yeah. It does look pretty nice.\" said Jake. \"So, are you ready to do this?\" asked Lucas. \"Yep, bring it.\" said Jake. The two sat down the floor and spread their legs apart. Lucas took his left foot and pressed it up against Jake's, while Jake pressed his right foot up to Lucas'. \"May the best feet win.\" said Jake. \"Did you really have to say that? It was so cheesy and corny.\" said Lucas. \"I know and I won't do it again, but it does allow for a good distraction.\" said Jake. \"What?\" asked Lucas. Before Lucas knew it, the battle was on and Jake pressed hard against Lucas. The two went back and forth and while Lucas had bigger feet, Jake's had a bit more strength. Meanwhile, Matt was in his room, watching a movie, until he heard something downstairs. \"What the heck are two dorks up to?\" Matt asked himself. Matt walked downstairs and was surprised by what he saw. He wasn't surprised by the boys being naked, but what they were doing caught him off guard. They were pushing each other's feet without using their hands. \"Must be a test of strength.\" Matt thought. After a while, Jake's feet had enough momentum to push Lucas away and as a result, he won the contest. \"Yeah! I whooped your butt!\" said Jake. \"Okay, you were better than me. The score between us is 1 to 1, maybe we can do a tiebreaker sometime soon.\" said Lucas. \"Sure, I'm down for another round. My parents are probably coming home soon, so I think we should at least put on our underwear when they arrive.\" said Jake. \"Good idea.\" said Lucas. The boys got their clothes from the couch and put on their underwear. \"What were you two doing?\" asked Matt. The boys turned around and were surprised when they saw Matt. \"How long have you been standing there?\" asked Jake. \"About a minute.\" said Matt. \"Lucas, this is my older brother Matt. Matt, this is my new friend Lucas.\" said Jake. Matt shook Lucas' hand and said, \"Nice to meet you, Lucas.\" \"So, what have you two been doing?\" asked Matt. \"We played some video games, went swimming, and had a little feet war.\" said Lucas. \"And you did this while you were naked?\" asked Matt. \"Yeah, it's fun.\" said Jake. \"That's fine with me. I wanted to let you know that Mom and Dad will be home soon. You two want to watch a movie or something?\" asked Matt. Lucas and Jake looked at each other and said, \"Sure.\" \"Alright. And I'll pick the movie.\" said Matt. Matt brought out his DVD collection and picked \"Final Destination 2\". \"Have fun.\" Matt said as he walked away. Sorry about the long wait. I'm not entirely sure where the story will go from here, but I have some decent ideas I want to include. I also have Wreck It Ralph and Loud House stories planned. Other than that, I hope you all have a wonderful day. Bye for now.[Chapter 22]  ","Summary":" All rights go to Warner Bros. This will be my 1 st One-Shot Collection, so please use constructive "}]