[{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"Una vez más","Author":"DieSiegel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12251373","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Sixth Sense y sus personajes pertenecen a M. Night Shyamalan. No obtengo absolutamente nada con esto, es sólo un FanFiction escrito única y exclusivamente por diversión y sin ningún motivo de lucro. Una vez más estaba ahí. Una vez más el alarmante frio y la sensación de pánico le recorrían el alma. Esa cruel atmósfera que sólo podía insinuar un no estar solo. No importaba cuanto tiempo pasara desde que se acostumbrara a ellos, su presencia siempre causaría el mismo vacio... El mismo efecto. Pronto recordaría la lejana conversación con el Dr. Crowe y su cada vez más distante juego de encontrarse mañana. Ahora sólo estaba él. Solo por completo y acompañado únicamente del tiempo que transcurría mientras se debatía en silencio si estaba listo para dirigirse al espectro tras su espalda. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Sixth Sense y sus personajes pertenecen a M. Night Shyamalan. No obtengo absolutamente "},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"The Strange Sixth Sense","Author":"bdavis30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13106049","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cole was always a little bit different. He never really succeeded in school or sports, and he could never really find something he could be good at until he uncovered one of the most important abilities a young child could ever have. His ability was strange and he never told anyone about it until he met Dr. Malcolm. Dr. Malcolm sat quietly in his office as phones rang off the hook. He was an unusual therapist, he helped children with many unexplainable issues. He looked through his patient records and looked up his next patient who would come in at 10 a.m. His name was Cole Sear. The door slowly creaked open and Cole saundered in. \"Hello, Cole\" said Dr. Malcolm. Cole shuddered and walked in. He could tell there was something peculiar as he sat down in front of the doctor. \"What seems to be ailing you, Cole?\" Dr. Malcolm questioned. Cole sat uneasy and didn't know if he should tell the doctor the problem. He had never shared it with anyone, not even his own mother despite their close relationship to one another. Cole finally decided he should tell Malcolm, and slowly began to convey his problem. \"I can predict stupid events, and I can see stupid people,\" he finally was able to say. Dr. Malcolm seemed stunned, but all he could do was to keep from laughing. He thought his patient was kidding. \"Wow, Cole, it seems you have an ability we all wish to have\" He said smirking and choking back his laugh. Cole saw the judgement on his face and immediately felt uncomfortable. Malcolm decided to help Cole that day, and they proceeded with the therapy Malcolm felt Cole would need. Even though Cole decided to go along with the therapy, there was something strange he could sense and feel about the doctors presence. The next monday, Malcolm walked out his door around 8 a.m. and headed downtown to where Cole lived. It was a cold brisk morning as he finally stood on the porch of Cole's house. Cole's mother came to the door and welcomed him inside to where his patient was. His mother left for work, and he was then left with the doctor for the rest of the day. Malcolm thought it was a good idea to go outside and see if Cole really did have some kind of special ability. \"Alright Cole, if you really can see stupid people, let's put it to the test and walk around until you sense something\" Malcolm said. Cole reluctantly grabbed his jacket and slowly walked out the door. His forehead was burning, this was usually a sense that something was going to happen. They continued walking until Cole couldn't stand the burning pain any longer. \"Malcolm, I can sense it. A few blocks ahead are some protestors. They are all stupid and are going to all get arrested by the time we walk up there.\" Cole said. Malcolm thought this was strange but trusted in Cole's ability. \"Alright Cole, let's see if we can see this happen.\" Malcolm said, very intrigued. They came upon the protestors a few minutes later, screaming and yelling nonsense. The cops hadn't shown up yet, so Malcolm had doubts about what was going on. All of a sudden, the police showed up and all of them were arrested. \"Wow Cole you were right\" Malcolm said standing in disbelief. The burning sensation continued on and on as they walked after that. Malcolm mainly just talked about everyday life with Cole and they decided to get something to eat and talk. Malcolm was stunned at this gift that Cole had and believed it could be used as a great tool. Heck, he even had thoughts of Cole predicting events and being the next Nostradamus. However Cole wasn't up for the challenge. He didn't want any part of his \"special\" ability and just wanted Malcolm to help him, but Malcolm wanted to use this power almost to his advantage. As they spent the day together they learned more about each other. The next test would be a huge moment for both Dr. Malcolm and Cole. The next day, Malcolm came to the house and brought a friend with him. His name was Jerry, he was thirty years old, and he had mental health issues, just as people thought Cole did. He brought him to connect in more ways to Cole and thought it would help out in the long run. As the man walked in the room, Cole immediately felt burning in his head and freaked out. \"Get the hell out of my house you stupid bitch!\" Cole screamed. Malcolm was stunned. \"Don't talk like that, he is here to help you! Dr. Malcolm snapped back. Cole knew this guy was stupid by the feeling he had, and with this feeling he could also predict what stupid things this man would do in the future. Malcolm thought it was best for Jerry to leave, so he walked out of the house. Cole knew something bad was going to happen that day, but didn't say a word. Jerry went out in the road and immediately got hit by a bus because he didn't pay any attention. Cole knew he was stupid and believed he deserved it. Malcolm never told anyone what had happened and that Cole predicted the event. This was a more strange case with Cole that he had ever dealt with before, but he still wanted to help him so maybe he could live a normal life. Cole woke up the next morning with a terrible pain in his head. He was almost used to it because of everything Dr. Malcolm had been experimenting with him and all the stupid people he had to deal with. He had been thinking for a while what could be causing this pain and his visions. He thought long and hard about it and realized something was about to happen to Malcolm. This made Cole very scared since he had developed a bond with the doctor over his treatments. He had a vision of Malcolm using Cole to get rid of all of the stupid people, but also making a lot of money off of Cole by using his special abilities to predict future events, which would make him famous. Malcolm had no idea that Cole was smart enough to figure this out, and that actually, Malcolm was one of the stupid people causing more problems for Cole. Malcolm was in the kitchen at his table at the same time Cole made this realization. Malcolm wanted to carry out a plan in order to benefit from Cole's abilities. Malcolm had been looking for something to make him stand out as a doctor, and using Cole to predict the future of patients could really do this for him. He was due at Cole's house in an hour, so he took the bus to the other side of town. What he didn't know was what Cole had planned for him when he got there. He walked down the street towards his house. When he arrived, he knocked on the door quietly, and Cole was ready at the door with his coat on. \"Let's go, Doctor\" Cole murmured. Malcolm thought it was kind of strange, but he went along with what his patient wanted to do. Cole had decided on a master plan, but in order for this to work, he needed to go to the bay on the East Side of the city. He was going to rid the world of Malcolm once and for all. \"Where are we going Cole?\" Questioned Malcolm softly. \"I want to go to the bay to get some fresh air today\" Cole said. \"Alright Cole, but you know its really cold today, can't we do it another day?\" Malcolm said. \"No, Doctor Malcolm, I need to go today to clear my mind of some things that are bothering me.\" Cole said. The doctor nodded his head and they hopped on the train to go to the East Bay. It was a long way on foot, but the train made it easier to get to their destination. As the train approached the bay stop, Cole saw the cold waves crashing against the rocks. The burning pain in his head continued to get worse as the time for his plan got closer and closer. They proceeded off of the train and walked down to the water. \"Malcolm, I'm sorry for everything that I've done\" Cole said slowly. \"What do you mean Cole?\" Malcolm questioned. Before Malcolm could do anything or say anything more, Cole pushed him as hard as he could into the freezing cold water. Malcolm screamed in agony as the water rushed over his body. He sank below the surface after a few minutes of struggling and would never be seen again. Cole cried in relief as all of his pain went away in his head. It was meant to be that he did this to Malcolm because it got rid of his issue. Cole shook his head and went back to the train station to head back home. Malcolm was dead, one less stupid person for Cole to worry about and less pain he had to feel. Cole never told a single person about what he had done to Malcolm. The search is still going on for Dr. Malcolm to this day in the city, even over fifty years later. Cole had a very strange ability, but he knew when to use it to his advantage. ","Summary":" Cole was always a little bit different. He never really succeeded in school or sports, and he could"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"Criers","Author":"BluishBleach","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10534928","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Someone was crying. Cole didn't know who, and, if he was being honest with himself, he didn't really care. Someone was always crying, as far as he was concerned. At the bottom of the steps, in the rafters, somewhere in the ground, scrabbling with dirt and blood and rot… Cole had found by now that it was best to leave the criers alone. He was meant to help them. Yes He would help them, in time… But… Cole couldn't deal with the crying. His mother would cry at night, sometimes, when she thought Cole was asleep… When she thought he couldn't hear. He did, of course. He always did. She was sad. It was understandable. Her husband had left her, her family was dead, her son could see and hear and feel things that were hurting him, and she was just so so helpless… It had been three years since Cole had told her about the ghosts, and though things were much much better now between them, it didn't mean that everything was okay. It would never be okay, not really. That was why the criers got to him, he supposed. He hated having to help the ones who just wanted to be okay, because he knew that, in their eyes, it would never be a possibility, not now. It hurt to make them see the reality of their positions, the reality that both tortured them and healed them simultaneously. Because in the end, though they were dead, they were finally free. And wasn't that such a beautiful, bittersweet little thing? So yes, Cole avoided the criers. Maybe it was because they were so hopeless. Maybe because they were so sad. Or maybe because somewhere, deep deep down, Cole envied them. Maybe. A/N: A silly, pointless little drabble to ease myself into the Sixth Sense fandom. I hope to stay in this universe for a bit longer, and write some more, longer, stories. :) Cole is such a BAMF... ","Summary":" Someone was crying. Cole didn't know who, and, if he was being honest with himself, he didn't reall"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"An Odd Conversation","Author":"Aspergian Mind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5365946","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN ODD CONVERSATION By: The Aspergian Mind A/N: A one-shot that came out of my head one day and getting it done the next. My record timing for posting a one-shot. One the primary criticisms of this movie is how the hell did Malcolm never know he was dead for so long? The primary attack is that scene beginning with Lynn Sear and Malcolm Crowe in the room together waiting right when Cole enters. I figured this is an interesting fill-in-the-blank scene to explore the changes we saw in Malcolm had before and after reuniting with Vincent Grey. Dr. Malcolm Crowe looks up the steps to the top floor of the apartment building. I guess it symbolizes their isolation...just like mine. Malcolm thought to himself. That, his thoughts, has been his only company for so long. He lost the motivation to speak to others for some odd reason since that night. Malcolm shrugs the thought and starts the ascent. Sigh. I hope my people skills haven't detirated too much. Haven't talked to anyone anymore, not even my wife. Yesterday I had a talk with my first patient in a year, Cole. It was my first talk I can really remember having since talking to the doctors, a really odd conversation at that. He finds it odd how the memory of his days at the hospital played out more like a projection to imprint something, rather than a memory. Anyway, back to Cole. It felt like how my conversations use to be. Breaking from his thoughts, he ses that his thinking had occupied him through the entire ascent and sees the front door ahead. Well, it's time to gradually move back into the social circle. He reaches for the knob and turns it to find it unlocked. First thing he does is walk right in. \"Hello. It's me, Dr. Malcolm, Cole's new doctor. Your door was unlocked so I'll just disregard with the knocking.\" He sees the living room right ahead, there is a couch, but most importantly two seats facing each other. It'll work perfectly for interviewing both the mom and the son. \"I'll sit in and wait in here.\" So what next? Recollecting the basic socializing techniques, he is dumbfounded to have forgotten the most important fact upon visiting another person's place. He didn't knock, he just walked in and seated himself. Why did I break the most sacred code of entering a private residence knowingly? Am I really out of touch? I hope I can fix it. Malcolm remembers on creating justifiable excuses. \"Didn't mean to not knock. I'm a bit anxious and wanted to talk to you a little bit before Cole walks in from school.\" The mom comes walking in, Lynn Sear. Her attention oddly is more focused on the door. She opens it, looks outside, and gave it an assurance of closing it shut. Now she was shivering and leaves the room. Let her take her time. Lynn comes back and this time wearing a sweater. \"Oh, why's it cold in here? I have the heat full blast; it usually doesn't get cold when Cole is away. What does it have to do with Cole?\" Malcolm had never connected his patients with the temperatures of the room. \"I don't know you tell me.\" Malcolm shrugs. Lynn seats herself across from him. Not a word was spoken for few moments. This is a long pause. Lynn finally starts searching for words. \"I need to say something to him. What can I say to him? He needs not just any old help from the doctor. A professional was assigned to Cole and even he was not sure.\" Malcolm decides it's a start and carries on from there. \"Well who's to blame them? They have their own view of things.\" \"You try to bring them to your view of things, but to do that you have to break boundaries of comfort to have them understand, like sharing secrets.\" Lynn confesses aloud. Malcolm is now getting curious. \"Secrets?\" Does she know something? \"Yeah…\" Lynn says perplexed. She continue to search for words, while Malcolm was trying to interpret the unusual exchange of words and her attention to him. Her eyes are adverted elsewhere. \"Is there something you've told---\" \"I've been with Cole all his my life, and it feels cold around him. Like there never was any warmth in his heart. Not like he's heartless, but…mortified or disturbed.\" Malcolm sighs at Lynn's inconsistency at following where he's trying to lead this conversation. \"So your son has been keeping to himself all his life? He couldn't communicate well with people, I guess. How does he fair in school?\" Can you respond to what I say like you can hear me? Lynn tries to look for words again. Is she talking to me or contemplating with herself? \"Cole will be walking in any minute; I don't expect him to say anything about friends. He couldn't make friends the way he is.\" Lynn said, confirming her thoughts. Malcolm nods 'yes'. That's a bit more something of a direct answer. Or is it that he's becoming socially handicapped. \"He looks disheartened all the time from school. Just mention nothing, just happy things.\" \"Yeah, nothing wrong with a little positive input. Though I'll need to talk to him some more. I'll visit you later in the month, after learning from Cole first hand. I'll accompany him…you know, before, after, and during school hours.\" Malcolm says addressing protocol that was in his job description. \"Lynn? Lynn Sear?\" She is occupied looking in front of her, but not at him. He then realized that she had never made eye contact. Well that just wraps up my conversation with the Lynn Sear until Cole Sear arrives. That was the most discrepant conversation I ever had. Haven't they been like this for a while? To ones he talked to at all? Maybe Cole Sear will be more corresponding with me. Cole Sear walks in through the door, the one who knows how to communicate to a person like Malcolm. A/N: The exchange of dialogue didn't make any sense? Well I intended the talk between them to be as disproportionate as a deaf person talking to a mute without Malcolm realizing it, or the audience in fact, if this scene was written into the movie. ","Summary":" AN ODD CONVERSATION By: The Aspergian Mind A/N: A one-shot that came out of my head one day and get"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"No title yet","Author":"Becky 'Outhouse' Outlaw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5547174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If there was one thing Cole Sear was sure about, it was that he was unmistakeably falling in love for the first time. He looked at the teenage brunette at the front of the class with renewed interest. If there was one thing that distracted him from her pale face, it was a young blonde child holding her hand. \"OK, class, settle down, please. This is Nomina Cyrano Wolfe.\" The teacher called the class to attention, hands on her shoulders, he introduced her to the class of High-Schoolers. \"Say hello to the class, Nomina.\" The girl didn't, her attention was fixated on the boy latching onto her. Cole traced her vision to the boy, he was staring back at her, with bright blue sparkling eyes. He was wet, dripping in a small puddle around him over the laminated wooden floor, hair darkened by the water. The whole class watched in awe at her still frame. Charlene, the resident leader of a small group if cheerleaders, and her two best friends, Chelsea and Chantelle, snickered in the row infront of Cole. \"Hey, freak.\" Tommy Tammisimo elbowed Cole sharply in his ribs to get his attention, theb nodded at Nomina. \"Check it out. Another freak.\" Cole sighed and returned to the girl. who had begun to cry. Tears dargged emerald eyeliner and mauve mascara down her cheeks as she breathed heavily. This only propelled Charlene's group's sniggers into mocking laughter.. Nomina cleared her throat, dabbed her eyes with a sil handkerchief and straightened herself up. \"Uh, are you-are you ok?\" The teacher stopped himself from laughing and clapped his hands together. Nomina turned to him, finally breaking from the boys hypnotic gaze, eyes wondering around the room and nodded. \"So, where do I sit?\" Cole clenched a fist under the table at her unusually soft voice. \"Any place you want. As long as there's a spare chair.\" The teacher chuckled nervously, as if she should already know. Conveniently, there was an empty desk next to Cole, and she had seen that one first, so she walked, rather gracefully for someone wearing high-heeled boots and looked like she hadn't eaten in a month or two, to the chair next to him, giving him a shy but polite smile as she sat. ","Summary":" If there was one thing Cole Sear was sure about, it was that he was unmistakeably falling in love f"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"The Sixth Sense: After Crowe","Author":"Shanethewritter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9168741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Sixth Sense: After Crowe Cole Sear was finally able to live his life as normally as possible. He was successfully helped by Malcom Crowe, a reknowned chiled Psychologist who was the first to hear of Cole's secret. What was his secret? He could see dead people. More specifically he is able to see the spirits. Not only was he able to fit in with his classmates and in the process humiliate his lifelong enemy Tommy Tammisimo. He also managed to reconnect with his mother who was the second to hear of his secret. Upon Malcom's advise, Cole has helped many spirits with their problems in hopes that they pass on and leave him alone. Little did he know one spirit stayed behind, someone he has helped. However unlike most of them this one is well aware of her death. Kyra was an innocent victim of a mother who had Münchausen syndrome by proxy a mentality that caused her to deliberately poison her daughters in order to make people sympathize with her. Luckily Cole found the evidence to show her father before her sister could die of the poison. However rather than pass on just yet she decides to stay behind and watch Cole from a distance. Because she willingly refused to pass she could also see spirits of the dearly departed, however they cannot see her. Right now Cole is trying to help two spirits that entered his life, one was an overworked suicidal wife, while the other was a boy who died fooling around with his father's gun. It was like the time he helped her out, Cole confronted the guilty and comforted the innocent parties. In the wife's case he told off the husband who was too drunk and out of his mind to care. All he could say was \"Shut up you freak.\" However the father who was just minutes away from using said gun on himself was stopped. \"He wanted me to tell you it wasn't your fault.\" Cole said. \"He and another kid was being stupid, they didn't realize the gun was loaded. How were you supposed to know if he was gonna find it there?\" The man looked at Cole, his finger was on the trigger and the hammer was slowly pulling back. The hammer was then slowly placed back as he put the gun down sobbing. The child, whom days ago scared Cole with the massive wound in his head smiled and passed on. Cole left the house and went to Darren's house. When he knocked on the door Darren went to answer with a smile on his face \"Oh Hi Freak. Didn't know it was you, come on in.\" He said in a friendly tone. Normally Cole would be offended by the name, but he took it as a badge of honor. He lead Cole to the living room and his mom served them juice. \"I hope you're still not mad about Locked In The Dungeon. It was Tommy's idea.\" he said pleadingly. Cole smiled and said \"I already forgiven you for it, however what I want to talk about does have something to do with it.\" Darren sighed and asked. \"You wanna know about the closet.\" Cole Nodded as he sipped his juice. Darren drank his like it was scotch chugged like an alcoholic telling a story he was long ashamed from. \"Well where to begin.\" He started. \"My family has lived in this house for 100 years at least, like today we were very rich. However back then we were rich enough to have servants that would groom horses and other things. One of them was...well treated like we treated you, only worse. Every time he was bad he was locked in that closet for punishment. However his recent crime was stealing a prized horse. This time he was locked in there for good, no food, no water not even air.\" Cole shook his glass as a single tear went down his cheek. \"That's so sad.\" he said. Darren finished his juice and continued. \"My mother used to tell a scary story that sometimes his ghost can still be around that closet. I thought it was a stupid story to scare kids until we locked you in there. You must have seen or felt something there otherwise you wouldn't have been beat up that badly when your mom got you out.\" Cole wanted to nod but felt his secret was told too much already. \"Could you get me back there?\" Cole asked. Darren shook his head. \"Cole, you must be crazy, even if nothing will happen to you I was in trouble once for it.\" He said. \"I guess I can't talk you out of it though.\" Darren lead Cole up the stairs of the house. Cole still remembered the last time he was up there. As he ventured up the stairs he could hear the same words from the same panicking voice. \"Is someone out there? Open this door, please! Come on. I can't breathe! If you can hear me, open this door... I swear on my life I didn't take the master's horse! OPEN THIS DOOR, OR I'LL BREAK THROUGH IT AND GRAB YOU!\" Despite the fact that the door was wide open. Cole jumped a litte and Darren took notice. \"You hear something?\" He asked. Cole shrugged it off and said \"Cover your ears for a second.\" Darren was confued but did as Cole asked. Cole cleared his throat and spoke clearly. \"The door is already open you should come out now.\" To which the Spirit Responded \"I CAN'T GET OUT OPEN THE DOOR!\" Cole took a closer look inside the closet and noticed a small knob on the back wall. \"A secret door?\" He thought as he placed his hand on it. he grabbed the knob and pulled it. It was stuck, but with some effort he was able to open it, what he saw scared not only Cole but Darren. It was no ghost, but a skeleton in the fetal position with it's hands out. On the inside of the door way were scratching marks all over the walls. A scream is heard from the door as a man in old servant clothes flew out of the closet door. Darren's mother came up to see what the commotion's about, when she seen the skeleton she fainted. Hours went by and Cole's mother was at the house talking to Darren's mother while Cole and Darren talked amongst themselves. \"I don't know how you found it but you did.\" He said. \"Tommy's gonna wet himself if I tell him. I never seen a dead body before. Have you?\" Cole shook his head. It wasn't all a lie since the dead he sees aren't in coffins but walking around like regular people. Cole was taken home where he had a much deserved rest, he heard a noise coming from the center of his bedroom. When he woke he noticed his red sanctuary tent which he had taken down some time ago had been put up again and a figure was inside it. Cole sighed \"Another sleepless night I wonder who it could be this time.\" He goes into the tent and looks around to his shock his eyes lock onto familiar eyes. Kyra's eyes, only she wasn't a pale sickly color, nor was she vomiting, nor was her dress tarnished in her own sweat, it was if she was completely restored to normal. Cole however recoiled in shock. \"It's not possible.\" He said \"I helped you pass on why are you still here are you really Kyra.\" Kyra giggled \"I'm feeling much better now.\" She said. Placing a hand on his shoulder. Rather than the cold feeling he usually gets when ghosts are around him, he felt a warnth like no other. Like a heavenly blanket that was just out of the dryer. This was no ordinary ghost. \"But why are you here?\" He asked. She smiled and said \"Well you were the only one that helped me when no one else could, the last person I asked before you, went crazy and shot himself. You are different than the others that seen me, you were scared at first, but you listened to what I had to say. It's pretty lonely in the afterlife. I know I won't see my mother there after what she did to me and my father has yet to go. My sister would have gotten there early but I didn't want her to go through the same torment. Then I realized that it was you that helped me save them from their tortures and guilt.\" Cole was confused \"I don't understand you stayed because of me?\" he asked. To which she responded \"Yes, I am here for you 'til it's your time and when that comes I will be the first to welcome you. I refused it because I was lonely, but I put in a good word for you since you helped me and the others out.\" \"Others?\" He said \"Wait you cans see them too?\" She nodded \"Yep but they can't see me, I should tell you something though. Not all of them are good. That was another reason I left. I didn't want you to help any bad ones, I could never stand my Cole to be harmed trying to do the right thing.\" She hugged him causing Cole to blush \"Your Cole?\" he asked being more confused than ever. \"In case you haven't figured it out.\" Kyra said \"I like you, you are very kind and you do your best to help others even the dead. Just think of me as a gurdian angel of sorts. I am here to protect you and in return you help good people pass on.\" Cole smiled and returned the hug \"It's a deal.\" While he hugged her for some strange reason he thought about Crowe. Dr. Crowe, thank you for your help I hope wherever you are you are just as happy as I am. The End. ","Summary":" The Sixth Sense: After Crowe Cole Sear was finally able to live his life as normally as possible. H"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"Scratches","Author":"GrimmSistah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6246839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey peoples! I know this is a movie and not even close to related to what I told you guys I'd be writing about, but I saw this movie a while ago, and wanted to see how this goes. If it gets enough good reviews, I'll continue it. Enjoy! Tommy \"Would you hurry up already? Jesus, freak, you take forever.\" Tommy was waiting impatiently at the intersection where he and the kid Cole met every school day morning for school. Though his mom had told him to be nice to Cole, he found it very hard to be nice to someone who was a total freak. Tommy had to resist the urge to whack Cole across the head as he trotted up beside him. \"Okay, it's hard enough to put on an act for your mom that I actually like you when you aren't also pissing me off.\" He growled through his teeth. Cole simply looked at him with his small blue eyes, clouded by his thoughts flowing through his mind. God, what was wrong with that kid? \"Well, come on. We're already late as it is thanks to your little detour. Let's go.\" Tommy sped up, sensing Cole moving behind him. Reaching the old, wooden doors, Tommy rushed inside, determined to rid himself of the freak show. He turned around, watching the doors slammed shut, smacking Cole right in the center of the face. As he stumbling inside the school, blood flowing out onto the floor, the children around him erupted into laughter. Clutching his nose, he rushed towards the nurse's office, followed by another eruption of laughter from the students. \"Freak.\" Tommy muttered to himself, opening his locker to retrieve his books for class. He couldn't believe that, out of all of the lids he could be stuck walking to school with, he was stuck with Cole Spear, a weirdo with no life or friends. Picking up his things, Tommy made his way towards his history class, hoping to get a chance to talk to Jenny Renner, the girl he'd liked since the third grade. He hurried to his desk and took his seat, hoping to get his chance to talk to her. He saw her walk up to the front of the class to sharpen her pencil just as Cole rushed into the classroom. He plowed right into her, falling over and dropping all of his stuff. \"Ohmygosh I'm so sorry. I wasn't looking and I made you drop all of your stuff. Here, let me help you, oh I'm so sorry.\" Jenny hurried to help Cole pick up the fallen books. Once all of the books had been gathered up, Cole thanked Jenny and went back to his seat, still looking at her the entire trip there. Jenny turned to look at Tommy, about to say something when Mr. Cunningham walked through the door. \"Alright class, please take your seats. That means you, too, Miss Renner.\" Jenny gave Tommy an apologetic look before returning to her desk. Tommy cursed under his breath. That little jerk had cost him his chance for him and Jenny to talk. And on top of that, he was looking at her with what Tommy assumed was how he looked at her. At least there was a giant purple bump on his nose. History droned on, Mr. Cunningham giving endless lectures about the ancient Mayan ruins. All through them, to Tommy's dismay, Cole was glancing at Jenny. Tommy gritted his teeth and tuned out the lecture. How did Cole even THINK he had a chance with her? She was his girl and nothing would change that. At last the bell rang for second period. As Tommy gathered up his things, he saw something that made his face go bright red. Cole had decided to talk to Jenny. \"Hey, um, I just want to say thanks again for helping me earlier.\" \"No problem. Hey, what happened to your nose? Did you get into a fight?\" \"No, the doors hit me. Anyway, my name is Cole.\" \"Nice to meet you Cole. Well I've got to get to class. You know how Mr. Anderson is. See you later, Cole.\" \"See you.\" Jenny was the only one in the entire school that didn't think Cole was a freak. This, in Tommy's mind, was a disadvantage for him. He couldn't let Cole get away with stealing his girl. Walking up to Cole, he grabbed him by the shoulder and whispered darkly in his ear. \"Listen, Cole , Jenny is MY girl. You stay away from her, or that nose isn't going to be the only thing that's purple, got it?\" Cole simply nodded, and scurried away. Tommy was glad he'd stuck it to him. He was sure that Cole would stay well away from her, now that he'd gotten to him. Though Tommy had every class with Jenny, he didn't get a chance to talk to her until lunch. \"Hey Jenny.\" \"Oh hey Tommy. Sorry about not being able to talk to you earlier. So what's going on?\" \"Not much. Hey, did you get an invitation to Darren's party on Saturday?\" \"I did. Are you going?\" \"Yeah, I am. The only bad part is that Cole got invited, too.\" \"So? What's wrong with Cole coming?\" Everyone stared at her. It was her friend Delia who spoke, though. \"Uh, because he's a freak! No sane person would invite HIM to a party.\" \"He's not a freak. He's just different. There's isn't anything wrong with being different.\" \"It is when you're THAT different.\" \"Well, then you guys need to at least be nice to him. Did you see his nose? He told me it was from a door, but I think someone hit him.\" \"It really was the door. I was there.\" said Tommy, careful not to mention that he was the one who'd slammed the door on his face. \"Okay, but I see the way everyone treats him. They don't even give him a chance.\" And with that she walked away, heading for the cafeteria door. Tommy was surprised by her, but it didn't change that fact that he liked her. Little did he know that Cole had heard her little speech, and he decided that Jenny was the only person who he could talk to. On the way home, Tommy had walked Cole to his house and dropped him off. As he stalked towards his house, he saw Jenny walk out of her house a few doors down. Her face was red and blotchy, and he could've sworn he saw a scratch running up her sleeved arm. Knowing that now was not a good time to talk to her, he ran up the steps to his front door, pulling his jacket tighter around him as a cold breeze came in. He arrived at Darren's house on Saturday with a plan to finally ask Jenny to go out with him. He told Darren happy birthday and went to find Jenny. When he couldn't find her, he decided to hang out with Darren until she came. He and Darren began to talk when they saw Cole heading up the stairs. Following him, they saw him stop in front of and open cabinet. \"Hey. Is there something you want to see in there?\" asked Darren. Cole spun around, looking thoroughly surprised. \"No. Happy birthday Darren.\" He replied quickly. Just then, Tommy got an idea. \"Hey we're going to put on a pretend play. Do you want to be in it?\" Cole nodded. \"It's called locked in the dungeon. Guess who gets to be locked up first?\" The color drained from Cole's face at his words. Tommy and Darren grabbed Cole and shoved him into the cabinet, Cole screaming loudly. Tommy though he heard another scream, but disregarded it. They shut the door and left Cole screaming bloody murder. Suddenly, Tommy did hear another scream, and it was from Jenny. \"HE'S IN THERE. HE'S IN THERE!\" she screamed, curling into a ball on the steps. Tommy could only just stand there, looking horrified. He didn't know that Jenny wasn't screaming about Cole, or why she was so upset by it. He still stood there even after Cole had been taken away by his mom, and Jenny had gone with her. He knew that he'd traumatized Cole, and ruined his chances of going out with her. Jenny At the hospital, Jenny sat there, next to Cole, hoping that he would pass this off as a bad dream. She'd seen the man hiding in the small space, and saw as he hurt Cole. His mom had though that Tommy and Darren had hurt him, but she knew the truth. She was still made at them for putting him in there in the first place, but they couldn't see them. Just then she felt a hand on her shoulder. Jenny looked up into the face of Dr. Malcolm. She'd seen him get the award last fall for helping children. She got up and left the room, but stayed by the door. She heard Cole wake up, and heard Malcolm talk to him about what happened. Then she heard the strangest thing of all; Cole could see the ghosts that she could see. Jenny could tell by Malcolm's voice that he thought it was just hallucinations, but she knew better. She stood there for a while, moving once Malcolm had left. She walked into the room and sat back down in the chair. She took a deep breath before talking to Cole. \"Did you see him?\" Cole turned to her slowly, eyes wide. \"Did you see the man, hiding in the cabinet?\" Cole stared at her for a long time before finally nodding. \"Do you see others, walking around like normal people?\" Again he nodded. \"Well, I do, too. They come to me, scaring me into sleep. Do they scare you?\" Cole once again nodded, eyes widened. \"We should keep in touch. You know, making sure they don't kill us before our time. Does that sound good to you?\" Cole smiled, signaling he thought it was a good idea. \"Well I got to go. My mom will get worried. I'll see you later Cole.\" With that in mind, Jenny walked out of the hospital, her mind still reeling from all that had happened. GASP! Jenny sees them, too? Please review! Remember if this gets enough good reviews I'll continue the story! Peace out people! ~GrimmSistah ","Summary":" Hey peoples! I know this is a movie and not even close to related to what I told you guys I'd be wr"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"What Are You Thinking?","Author":"pursuit-of-lifes-puzzles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4608410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jacob hears voices ID number: 0185968 English Creative Task What are you thinking? June. \"Jacob? Can you please name the capital of India?\" asked MrnJohnson, looking smugly at me from across the room. He had noticednthat I wasn't paying attention to his lecture on the importance ofnGeography. \"Um, no sir,\" I said meekly as the entire class turned tonlook at me. I felt my cheeks flush bright red. I heard one of the boys next to me call me stupid and mutterednsomething about the teacher raving on about India and it's capitalnNew Delhi for the past half hour. I scowled at the boy but Mr Johnsonndidn't seem to hear the comment. \"Pay attention next time, Jacob,\"nhe said darkly. \"Or there will be a detention in store for you.\" A girl to my left laughed at me. I spun around to glare at her butnshe was looking out the window now, clearly not interested anymore. Inclenched my fists. What was with the teacher today? He usually yellednat anyone who so much as sneezed. As Mr Johnson wrote some notes up on the whiteboard he complainednabout teaching the year 10 students in our public school who had nonpotential and were probably going to end up being drug dealers, withnor without the geographical knowledge that he was dishing out. Inheard his voice but I couldn't see his mouth moving. What wasnhappening? Could I hear his thoughts? \"Sir, I've got potential,\" I said standing up. I wasn'tngoing to let him insult me, even if he was just thinking it. \"What? Do you have something to share with the class,nJacob?\" I saw his eye twitch. \"I'm not going to end up as a drug dealer.\" \"Sit down, Jacob. You're disrupting the class.\" \"But Sir!\" \"If you don't want to go to the principal's office I suggestnthat you sit down!\" he yelled, peppering the unfortunate frontnrow with spit. Resentfully, I did as he said. When I got home I stormed through the house, only stopping when I wasnin my room and I had slammed the door shut. \"Are you ok?\" called Mum from the other side of the door. \"I'm fine!\" I yelled. I heard her retreat into the loungenroom after a few seconds of hesitation. I punched my pillow over and over again, stupid teacher! Why didn'tnhe tell off any of the other people who were talking? Or had I beennhearing their thoughts too? My older sister Emily tapped quietly on my door. \"Jacob?\" I sighed. She was the one person who I could never be mad with.n\"Yeah?\" Emily came into my room and sat on my bed next to me, picking up onnmy mood easily. \"What's up?\" \"One of my teachers just loves to pick on me but other peoplenwere talking, I think, but he just ignored them. Then he was thinkingnabout how I was going to end up a drug dealer.\" She looked taken aback. \" Thinking ?nJacob, are you alright?\" she asked quietly. She gently pushednthe hair away from my eyes and held my chin, making me look at her. I pulled my head away. \"I'm fine! Why does everyone keep askingnme that?\" Emily looked pained. \"I care for you, you're my little brothernand I'll always be looking out for you.\" She reached for mynhand. I let her take it but made no response when she squeezed it gently. Later, I watched unnoticed in the doorway as Emily joined my mothernon the couch. I studied their mouths moving and their expressionsnchanging. I sat with my arms crossed across my chest. Dr. Hyde, thenpsychiatrist, was speaking to my mother in a low voice on the othernside of the room so I had to strain my ears to hear what they werensaying. \"Now, Mrs Matthews, just so you understand what we're dealingnwith, people who have schizophrenia will experience psychoticnepisodes including hallucinations and delusions. The most commonnhallucination is hearing voices that no one else can hear.\" Dr.nHyde passed her a tissue as tears spilled down her crumpled face. \"Can you cure him?\" she asked trying to compose herself. \"There is no cure for schizophrenia, we can only control thensymptoms with medication.\" I saw my mother's shoulders sag and she dropped her head into hernhands. \"My poor boy,\" she cried as loud sobs escaped hernlips. Why were they trying to give me medication fornschizophrenia? People with that were crazy and it was all in theirnhead, what they had wasn't real. I wasn't crazy and I could definitely hear people's thoughts. July. \"So, how are you Jacob?\" asked the psychologist that I hadnto see every week. \"I'm fine.\" \"I mean, how is you condition going?\" he asked patiently. \"Oh, um, great. No more voices,\" I said in the most excitednvoice I could muster. I rapped my knuckles on the side of my head.n\"No one here but me.\" I added with a big cheesy grin. August. Emily walked into my room holding a broken pair of scissors in hernhands. \"Jacob? Mind if I borrow a pair of scissors?\" shensaid as she riffled around in my desk drawers. \"Mine kindandied.\" \"Sure,\" I said from under the covers of my bed where I wasnstill half asleep. I heard her sifting through my drawers for a whilenlonger. \"Thanks,\" she said finally. Thatnsingle word sounded different to the way she had been speaking whennshe had come into my room. Anxious? Worried? Afraid? But why ? As Emily walked out of the room clutching a small plastic box shenopened it again, just to be sure that she wasn't mistaken. No, therenwas no mistake. In the box was two month's worth of little red pills.nThe voices had never really left. DRAFT PLAN: RoughnPlan: Jacob hears voices - the thoughts of other people at school Sister finds out and tries to help Gets him to go and see someone Doesn't believe them Thinks that he really can hear the voices of other people so doesn't take his medication Pretends to take it Sister accidentally finds out where he's been putting all of the pills he hasn't been taking When Inwrite a story I often write bits and pieces that I will use fromnthroughout the story then I join them up. Somenof the first pieces that I wrote: \"Jacob?nCan you please name the capital of India?\" asked Mr Johnson,nlooking smugly at me from across the room. He had noticed that Inwasn't paying attention to his lecture on the importance ofnGeography. \"Um,nno sir.\" I said meekly as the entire class turned to look at me.nI felt my cheeks flush bright red. I heard one of the boys next to me call me stupid and mutterednsomething about the teacher raving on about India and it's capitalnNew Delhi for the past half hour, I scowled at the boy but Mr Johnsonndidn't seem to hear the comment. Emily satnon my bed next to me. \"Jacob?nAre you alright?\" she asked quietly. She gently pushed the hairnaway from my eyes and held my chin, making me look at her. I pullednmy head away. \"I'm fine! Why does every need to keep asking menthat?\" Emily looked pained. \"I care for you, you're my little brothernand I'll always be looking out for you.\" She reached for mynhand. I sat withnmy arms crossed across my chest. Dr. Hyde was speaking to my mothernin a low voice on the other side of the room so I had to strain mynears to hear what they were saying. \"NownMrs Matthews, just so you understand what we're dealing with, peoplenwho have schizophrenia will experience psychotic episodes includingnhallucinations and delusions. The most common hallucination isnhearing voices that no one else can hear.\" Dr. Hyde passed her antissue as tears spilled down her crumpled face. \"Cannyou cure him?\" She asked trying to compose herself. \"There is no cure for Schizophrenia, we can only control thensymptoms with medication.\" I saw mynmother's shoulders sag and she dropped her head into her hands. \"Mynpoor boy.\" She cried as loud sobs escaped her lips. Where Ingot the information about schizophrenia: Unknownn(Wikipedia). (2008, 7 August). Schizophrenia. Availablenen./wiki/Schizophrenia. Online. Unknownn(Medicine Net). (2008). Schizophrenia. Availablen/schizophrenia/article.html. Online. RATIONAL: I got the idea for this creative task from a book that read over thenholidays, King of the Pygmies by Jonathon Scott Fuqua, it is alsonabout a young boy who begins to hear voices but unlike in my creativentask the main character, Penn, does not receive treatment of anynkind. In this task I tried to convey the struggle that people withnschizophrenia face, in the way that many people with schizophreniandon't know what is real and what is delusion or hallucination. Due tonhis condition Jacob believes that he is hearing the thoughts of othernpeople and does not see that this conclusion is impossible. Henrefuses to take the medication because, like so many people with thisnmental illness, he doesn't think that he has schizophrenia and thatnhis hallucinations are real. While I was writing this story I tried to incorporate the differencesnin perspective of the characters. How Jacob believes he can hear thenthoughts of people around him, while his older sister and his mothernvery clearly know that these voices are nothing more than part of anserious mental illness. ","Summary":" Jacob hears voices ID number: 0185968 English Creative Task What are you thinking? June. \"Jacob? C"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"Talking","Author":"Forest Prince","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7238322","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Day 1 Hello Chris, do you mind if I call you Chris? Yes. Yes...you don't mind? No. ...No what? No. No what Chris? My name is Christian. Oh...you don't like Chris? ... Does your mom call you Chris? No. Just Christian? My name is Christian. Yes I know. I know. … So...Christian. My name is Thomas Brown. You can just call me Tom. … Do you want to talk about anything? School? Your mom and dad? Your little brother? … What is your brothers name? Gabriel That's a good name. Like the angel Gabriel? Did you give him that name? Yeah. You did! That's cool! What did your mom and dad want to call him? ...Luke. You don't like Luke? ...no. I like Gabriel better too. ...yeah. … … Is there a Luke at your school Christian? ...Yes. … … Is he in your class? Yes. … Is he older than you? Yes. He is? How old is he? Seven or eight. Eight? That's too old for first grade huh? Yeah. So...why don't you like him. … Is he mean to you? I don't know. … … You can tell me Christian. … Okay. Well tell me more about Gabriel. Can he walk yet? … Does he cry a lot? … Okay. Day 2 How is swim going Christian? Your mom told me you are on a swim team. … I did swim too. … I couldn't do anything else. I tired basket ball but I couldn't shoot and I didn't like running … All the other kids would call me Turtle Tom cause I was so slow at running. ...I don't like basketball. Yeah. It's kinda fun to watch though right? My dad watches basketball. Do you watch with him? ...sometimes. … Sometimes... What's your favorite thing to watch? The news. ...Really? You like to watch the news? And Charles Stanley. Charles Stanley? A pastor...from Georgia. Yeah I know him. You watch church service on T.V.? … That's cool. I like Charles Stanley. ...yeah. … ... Do you go to church a lot? No. We never get to go. … Dad doesn't like church. Does your mom go sometimes. No. Have you ever gone to church? One time. … With Michael. Where does he go to church? I don't know. ...I go to a baptist church with my wife. Charles Stanley's church is baptist. Yeah. It's very popular. … I like your socks. Those are cool socks. … I wish I had socks like those. … Purple and yellow. I just have white. … And black. BORING! Hmmhm Yeah it's pretty boring. … I asked your mom about Luke. She said she's never heard of him. … What...what is he like? I don't know. … He..um...is tall... Taller than you? Cause you're pretty tall Christian. He's tall. Does he do swim? ...no. … He has black hair and blue eyes. … … You have blond hair and brown eyes. … Like me kinda. He's not like me. What's he like Christian? … Is he mean to you? ...no. No? Not really. Does he talk to you. Sometimes. … … What does he say? ...I don't know. You don't? No. Well he has to say something. … What does he say? … Day 3 Hey Christian! Hello Mr. Brown. You can call me Tom. Remember? Mom said to say 'hello Mr. Brown'. Well you can tell her I said you can call me Tom. … So. How was school? Okay. Tell me about your friends. Well...there's Benjamin...and Taylor. What are they like? Are they nice? Yeah. … ... Are you sure? Yes. Do you play with them at recess? Sometimes. What do you play? Hide and seek. Really? That's fun! … Is it fun? Yes. ...are you sure? Well...sometimes. … … Are you good at hiding? ...yeah … A lot of times, they can't find me. They can't find you a lot? Yeah. Do they every come and find you? ...no So they tell you to go hide and they never come find you? … They just leave you? …yes. I don't think you should play with them anymore Christian. Yeah. Did you play with them today? Yeah. Does...Luke play with you guys? ...sometimes...he wasn't there today. He wasn't? No. He was mad. Mad? Yeah. So he stayed home. Why was he mad? … Who told you he was mad? … Who are his friends? He doesn't have any friends. ...He doesn't? Really? No. Is that because he's older? I don't know... … He doesn't talk to anyone. … … Does the teacher like him? No. She doesn't like him. Why? Cause he talks in class. So he does talk. To me. What does he say? … Do you talk back? Sometimes. He gets me in trouble. What do you two talk about? … … I don't know. You don't know, or you don't want to tell me. ...I don't know. I won't tell anyone. ... I promise you can tell me. He won't find out. … … … Did you watch Charles Stanley today? … Are those new socks? Day 4 You're late Christian. Did something happen? … Are you okay? … Now those have got to be new socks. I haven't seen teal and brown before. … The happy faces are cool too. ... Your mom said something happened at school. And you had a meeting with the Principal. … She said you got into a fight at school. … And the Principal thinks that it is your fault. … I don't think it's your fault. You don't look like you would start a fight. Benjamin called me stupid and weird. And you punched him? No. … He spat in my hair and called me a bitch. … Luke hit him with a bat. Did you tell the Principalthat? ...no. Why isn't Luke in trouble? He told me to say I hit him. But you didn't. … Why did you say that it was you? … Why...why did Luke hit him? Did he call Luke names too? No. Why did Luke hit him? I don't know. Did Luke...hit you? He didn't right? No. Christian, why did you say that you hit Benjamin? … It wasn't your fault. He said that it was my fault. Who did? Luke. You said before that Luke gets you in trouble with the teacher a lot. ...yeah. Does he blame you for things a lot. ...yes. Like what else? … What else has he done? Nothing. You can tell me. … Does he hurt people a lot, and blame you? No. No? … You said that he doesn't have any friends. He doesn't talk to anyone. But he talks to you. … And tells you to do things. No. Today was the first time. Then what does he say? ...I don't know. … … What do you mean? I don't know what he's saying. Like...like he speaks a different language? ...kindof. Do you know what language? No. What does it sound like? What kind of words does he say? It sounds like...screaming. Screaming? No... What...what does it sound like? Does it sound like screaming? … Why are you crying? ...he...he... What? He... What does he do? … … … Why are you crying Christian? … Please tell me. … Christian, you're crying blood. Day 5 ... Day 6 It's good to see you Christian. How are you. … How is swim going? … Anything good on the news? … Did you watch Stanley last night? … It was a good one. … A new one. … How's school? I didn't go to school. No? Because of Benjamin? ...yes. So, what did you do today? Just hang out? Sleep. How did you sleep. … Did you sleep okay? ...no. Did you...have a nightmare? ...yes. Do you want to talk about it? I don't know... … Luke was there. In your dream? … What did he say? ...he wasn't in my dream. What...he wasn't? … Was he...in your house? In your room? …yes. Are you sure you didn't dream that he was in your room? … No? … Did he say anything? … Did he talk to you? … What did he say? ..he...he said not to talk to you. Luke knows about me? He said not to talk to you. Why not? … Why not Christian? He doesn't like you. Did he say anything else? … Christian? … Christian? Did he say anything else? … Did he do anything to you? … Christian? … Are you okay? … Christian? … Christian? ...he's...heh ...what? … Christian? … CHRISTIAN! … JENNA! CALL 911! Day 7 ... Day 8 ... Day 9 ... Day 10 Hey there. ...hi... I haven't seen you in a while. Yeah. You got sick. Yeah. But you feel better now? Yeah. So what's been going on? The Spurs won last night. Yeah I saw a Spurs fan? I guess so. Dad likes the Spurs? Yes. He wanted to play for them. That's cool! Yeah. Did you see what happened in Georgia? That flood? Yeah. That's right where Charles Stanley is. Yeah. But he's okay though. That's good then. … The doctors said that you were hurt. They said you had some bruises. … Are those from Benjamin? … Did he hit you? ...no. Who hit you? … Are they from Luke? Did Luke hit you? … … … The purple and yellow ones again huh? ...yeah. I like those the best. Me too. I just have white. And black ones. That's right. But I don't mismatch them like you do. That's kinda cool. Maybe you should buy new ones. Probably. That would be smart huh? Yeah. You go to school today? ...yeah. Anything happen? Benjamin wasn't there. That's good right? Yeah. Was...Luke there? … Was he in class? … I really think we should talk about it. … Did he talk to you? About me again? … Does your arm itch? ...kind of. Okay. I have something to put on it if you NO! … … Okay. … Did he talk to you? No. He left you alone? That's good. No. No? What did he do? ...I don't know. … He followed me. Followed you? Again. Again? … Are you sure you don't anything for your arm? I'm fine. Okay, okay. Um...so he followed you? And he's done that before? … Is...is there something there? What? You're looking around like there's something there. No. ...are you sure. Yeah. … … What happened with Luke? … He followed you home. Yeah. Did he go inside? Yeah. … … Did your mom see him? No. He was hiding. Hiding where? In my room. Your room? He hides there a lot. What does he do in your room? Talks to me. And says what? ...I don't know. Did he talk about me? No. Did he talk about Benjamin? No. What did he say. I don't understand what he says. He was screaming again. … Christian. What do you do when he talks to you? … What do you do when he screams at you? … What's wrong with your arm? … What's wrong with your arm? … Is that blood? … Take off your shirt. … Take off your shirt Christian. … Oh God...who did that to you? … Who...who cut you like that? … What's that? … L. U. C. What is L. U. C.? It spells Luke. Luc? As in...Lucifer? ... Where is Luke now Christian. … Is he in your room? ...no. Where is he? … Is he in here? … Is he in here? yes. … … … Where is he? Next to me. What is he doing? ...talking. ","Summary":" Day 1 Hello Chris, do you mind if I call you Chris? Yes. Yes...you don't mind? No. ...No what? No. "},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"A Tale of AGreat and Powerful Psychic","Author":"SlayerGirl19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4442964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Tale of A Merciful Clairvoyant & Empathic! I am almost thirteen and I have been pushed in and out of foster homes since I was five years old. But, now I live with my aunt and I have been there for the past three years. For the past four years I have been experiencing these weird and incredible changes. I have been hearing people talk to me that aren't there, seeing things that aren't there, and feeling emotions that aren't even mine to be feeling. I told my aunt this and she just stood there and looked at me like I was insane and sometimes I think I really am insane. Its dark and I am sitting against the wall of my room screaming. I scream and I scream and no one hears me. But, then my Aunt came rushing in at a split second. \"What Adrian\"? She says to me as she rush's into my room. \"What is wrong my dear\"? \"I saw her again\". I said to my aunt. \"I saw Selena again\". \"Who\"? \"The little girl.\" What little girl\"? \"The little dead girl and I think she needs my help\". \"Its ok Adrian we'll help Selena \". My aunt gives me a kiss, and a hug, and puts me back into bed and then goes back to bed herself. It is now finally my thirteenth birthday and my aunt has decided to take me to a doctor who studies \"Parapsychology\" to see what is wrong with me. Parapsychology is the study of psychic abilities. \"Adrian it is time to leave to go see Dr. Bradford.\" \"Ok Aunt Kate.\" So, I go down the long stairs and out to the car and we leave to go to Dr. Bradford's Office. Now, we are sitting in the waiting room of Dr. Bradford's Office waiting for me to get back to see him. \"Adrian you are going to have to go back there by yourself to see Dr.Bradford\". \"I know \". The nurse comes out and calls a name. \"Adrian Collins\". \"Follow me please\". So, I follow her and she takes me back to this big room with no windows, and lots of herbs and spices and a machine with wires connected to it. \"Dr. Bradford will be in with you shortly Adrian\". I sit… and I sit… and I sit… and then, finally Dr. Bradford came in. \"Hello…you must be young Adrian Collins\". \"So, Adrian…what can I do for you today\"? \"Well, as you can probably read from my file there I have been experiencing some very weird and incredible things\". \"Can you give me and example\"? \"Well, I have been hearing people that aren't there and seeing things that aren't there\". \"Ok…will you excuse me for a moment\"? \"Sure\". Dr. Bradford then walks out to the waiting area and finds my Aunt Kate to talk to her. \"Excuse me are you Kate Smith \"Adrian Collins Aunt\"? \"Why yes I am…is there something the matter with my nephew Dr. Bradford\"? \"Well, I'm not completely sure what's wrong with Adrian.\" \"So, I would like to admit him into the \"Bellrieve Hospital\" to run some test on him to see what is wrong with him\"? \"If that is ok with you of course\"? \"Sure\". \"Ok let me go and talk to Adrian and make the arrangements for him\". Dr. Bradford then goes back into the office and makes the arrangements for me to stay at the \"Bellrieve Hospital\" for awhile so he can run some tests on me and also so he can see what is wrong with me. \"Ok Adrian I don't exactly know what is wrong with you from running test here at my office but, I have talked to your Aunt and I have made arrangements for you to stay in the \"Bellrieve Hospital\" so myself and other doctors can run some more tests on you in order to find out what is wrong with you\". \"This nice lady will take you out to your Aunt Kate and then she will escort you to the \"Bellrieve Hospital\" in downtown New Mexico\". \"Ok\". I then go out to the waiting room to wait with my Aunt Kate to be escorted to Bellrieve. The nice tall, gorgeous, blonde lady came out and she escorted me to Bellrieve. Bellrieve is a hospital for kids like me that experience Paranormal Phenomenon that makes them Psychic and Empathic and don't know what is happening to them. \"Ok… here is your room that you will be staying in for five days Adrian\". \"Here are the cloths you will be wearing during the tests \". I then, go into the room and get ready for my first test. \"Hello… Adrian my name is Serena and I am going to be your nurse why you are here\". \"I am here to take you to your first test with Dr. Bradford \". Nurse Serena and I walk down this very long and narrow hall way till we get to this large room with a table and two chairs and tools on the table. \"You are to sit here and wait for Dr. Bradford Adrian\". \"Adrian your first test is to try and talk to the very first ghost you saw a year ago… using only the items and tools in front of you\". Then, I take the items and the materials and use them to try to communicate with Selena… the very first ghost that I saw. I sit there… and I sit there… and all of a sudden there is a slight change in temperature… and she come's Selena… come's in a shimmering bright white light. She speaks. \"Hello…Adrian\"… she says to me. I then look at her and say… \"You remember me\"? \"Of course I remember you. How can I not, you were my hero… you helped my spirit to move on to the \"Ghostly Realm \". As I am sitting there talking to Selena Dr. Bradford is videotaping our conversation. Then, Dr. Bradford comes up to me and tells me to calmly try to cut Selena off. \"Ok… Adrian, Serena here is going to take you to the café to get you something to eat and then, she will take you back to your room to rest before your last test\". \"Ok…Dr. Bradford\". Nurse Serena and I are walking, and walking down the long narrow hallway to the café…the hallway is sooo narrow it is like a snake's body. \"Ok… Adrian here you go… you just sit here and eat and when you are done I will take you to your room to rest. I sit there and I sit there till I can't sit there no more. \"I finally call to my nurse for her to take me to my room \". We walk, and we walk and then, we came to my room. \"Ok… Adrian you are to wait here until I come get you\". Serena my nurse then comes and gets me not even 20min later and says that it is time for my last test. So, what does she do she walks me to Dr. Bradford's Office. I get into Dr. Bradford's Office and I sit and I sit… then, he comes in. \"Hello Adrian… for your last test I am just going to check your Psychic Energy Count by giving you an X-Ray of your brain\". I go into the machine and I must have been in there for over an hour because, when I came out my Aunt Kate was standing next to me. \"Adrian… I would like to see you and your Aunt Kate in my office if you please\"? \"Sure thing Dr. Bradford\". My Aunt Kate and I then go to Dr. Bradford's Office and sit there and he tells us what is wrong with me. \"Adrian the results have come back from all of your tests, and myself and the other doctors have concluded that you are Clairvoyant and Empathic\". \"Clairvoyant and Empathic… well… what does that mean exactly\"? \"Well, Empathic means that you can feel other people's feelings, wants and desires that they don't want to feel and being Clairvoyant means that you are responsive to psychic forces, and you can see objects and events that can't be perceived by the other senses. \"It has now been a year since I found out I was Clairvoyant and Empathic and I am able to control my abilities\". \"At least for now anyways \". I sit there out side under the Huge Pine Tree in our back yard and I meditate. Ummm…… Ummm………Ummm Every time I make the Ummm noise I take a deep breath and concentrate on the ghost that I am trying to contact. I sit there… and I sit there… and finally she appears to me in a bright white light. \"Um… who are you\"? \"My name is Adrian and I am here to help you\". \"What is your name?\" \"My name is Lillian\". \"Why do you want to help me\"? \"Well, to tell you the truth, I kept having these disturbing dreams about a girl and I summoned you so I am thinking you're the girl in my dreams and my dreams were telling me to help this girl\". \"Ok\". \"What can you tell me about yourself\"? \"What do you mean\"? I mean how you died\"? \"Well, It was on \"HALLOWEEN\" and I was staying the night at my friend Maria's House and we decided to go to \"The Cemetery\" right down the street from her house\" \" When all of a sudden, when we were walking back I got lost and then, this guy found me and Kidnapped me and held me against my will and then, the guy cut off my head… and when I woke up the next morning I felt really strange and weird and I was hovering over my body\". It has been six years since I have found out that I was Clairvoyant and Empathic and I am now twenty years old. My abilities are going more out of control than usual and I can't control them any more. \"So, what do I decide to do, I decide to check myself into the \"Local Psychiatric Hospital\" in downtown Paris, France. \"I am sitting there… and sitting there wondering… when my abilities will ever be under control and if I will ever be strong enough to control them\". \"Its dark and I am sitting on the ground of a padded room rocking… and rocking back and forth holding my head talking to the voices that I hear in my head\". \"I scream\". \"No one hears me\". \"I scream again\". \"No one hears me still\". \"I then scream, \"Get it…get it... get it out of my head\"… \"I don't want this anymore\". The doctor run's in and he tries to sedate me but, since I am so far gone I think he is one of the ghosts and I take a knife to the doctor's throat and kill him. \"It's dark there\".\" I see nothing besides darkness\".\" No light, No joy, No laughter, No beauty\".\" After, the night that I killed the doctor that tried to help me I started feeling empty inside\". So, I started going even crazier then, I already was, and I decided that the only way to get rid of my pain was to cut myself and drain it out of me\". \"Then, one night after everyone went to bed I decided to end it all\". \"So, I walked up to the blocked off wing of the hospital with a knife and I slit my wrist and throat\". Till this day I roam the halls of the hospital in despair and agony. 3 ","Summary":" A Tale of A Merciful Clairvoyant & Empathic! I am almost thirteen and I have been pushed in and out"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"The Sixth Sense  My Secret","Author":"torakiji","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3494888","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thisnman.. Hendoesn't know it, does he? Itnsure seems it.. Whatnwas strange about him was that he did not try to interact with allnthose people we saw. Maybe…he could help me. Or can he…? AsnI lay in the sheets of a hospital bed, the pillows piled onto onenanother behind my head, I stare lifelessly out the window. It lookedncold tonight. The clouds were huffed in a clump, and were all swollennin a ready sign to shower over the land. Anneerie sensation whirled throughout my body, it chilled me and mynspine gave an unwanted shocking bubble. Man, did I ever hate thatnfeeling! …Inwasn't alone, here in this room. There was a weird aura floatingnaround in here, giving off uneasy feeling to anyone who stepped intonthis room. They are watching me, I knew it. I wish they could just gonaway, leave me be. I was already scared enough with them being here. \"Cole?\"ncame a voice, but I did not turn my head from it's restingnposition. I knew who it was, but I didn't want to look at him. Thisnstrange man, who did not know of his problem. Therenwas silence before the voice repeated itself, \"Cole?\" I couldnhear ruffles of clothing being folded, he had sat on the chair nextnto me. Waiting for a moment, I blinked harshly at the silence of theneerie room before rotating my head slowly to look at him. Mr. Crowe,nthe child physiologist, was sitting there with a fairly calm look onnhis adult face. The creases in his cheeks didn't seem to be visiblennow unlike before, and his thumbs twiddled slightly in his lap. Stayingnquiet, I watched his chest flutter up and down until his lips came tona part. He was going to say something. \"Hownare you feeling?\" he asked, his usual medium low voice cracking tona much deeper tone. He seemed uneasy. So, to answer his question, Insimply nodded my head a bit before glancing away from him. He wasnstaring at me like that again… \"Don'tnlook at me. I don't like it when people look at me like that.\" Inmurmured, sensing his uneasy fear. \"Well,nhow do you want me to look, Cole?\" Crowe asked softly, making menthink. My shoulders slowly uplifted in a shrug as I stayed quiet. Indidn't know anymore. \"Notnlike that. Look over there.\" my arm lifted, my pointer fingernjerking to some random corner of the room. I heard those samenruffles, knowing that he had shifted his position to look in thendirection I pointed to. Ansigh was heard as my arm came down into the covers, but I ignored it.nI hated being here…so many had died here, and I could see them all.nBut I did not dare look at them, because I knew that would infuriatenthem. Instead, I simply glanced out the window with a very dullnexpression on my face. \"Listen,nCole, my wife and I are having troubles. I'm just…\" his voicenfinally came after a long moment of ugly, dark silence. \"I'm justnhaving a tough time trying to get her back. She's so angry with hownmuch I have been ignoring her for you.\" Hisnwords made my heart race, thumping loudly against my rib cage. Hendefinitely didn't know…I knew it know. I took this time to bringnmy head back to him, my blue eyes searching through his chestnut onesnfor a sign of fear. It was there, no doubt. And a lot of it. \"…Insee…\" The poor guy. Wouldnthis be wise though..? To feel sorry for him? Maybe.. Silencendwelled around us, sucking our words into a pit of dark. Maybe Inshould tell him my secret. The one that I knew no one wouldnbelieve…because I am such a freak for it. Mynlips parted. I could do this…I trust him enough, at least…I hopenI do. \"I'mngoing to tell you my secret now..\" I whispered softly, clenchingnthe sheets of the bed tightly to my body. His eyes shifted to me, asnif he was expecting this to come. \"Okay..\"nhe whispered hoarsely back to me. Uneasy feelings grew all over mynbody, giving my arms goose flesh as I looked around. With Mr. Crowenbeing in his current state, there was no way anyone was going to findnout. They couldn't see him…no one but me. Glancingnback to him, my mouth came to a part against and I grasped fornbreath. I can do this. Withnmy heart thumping against my rib cage, harder than the perviousnencounter, I breathed inwards and spoke. \"…I see dead people.\" ","Summary":" Thisnman.. Hendoesn't know it, does he? Itnsure seems it.. Whatnwas strange about him was that he d"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"Cole Sear, Parapsychiatrist","Author":"Matt Perrett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11510528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cole Sear tossed and turned in bed, consciousness slowly arising from the depths of sleep. He had been dreaming, but it was already lost to him, and he couldn't remember if it had been good or bad. He was becoming aware that he had to go to the bathroom, and badly, and he resisted for a minute, wanting nothing more than to drift back to sleep and worry about it later. It was so late, and he was so tired, but... Sighing, the young man hauled himself out of bed and stumbled down the hallway to the bathroom. He began to relieve himself, half asleep and eager to return to his nice, warm bed, when the hairs on his arm started to rise. Something had passed behind him, he was sure of it. Now considerably more awake, he noticed the temperature dropping drastically, his breath hanging in the air. He knew, from countless painful experiences, what these signs meant. Cole shivered as he covered himself up, his thin tank top providing little protection against the chill. Sounds were coming from the kitchen now, and he moved as quietly as he could, not wanting to alert whatever was in there. Turning the corner, he saw a woman in a pink robe rummaging through the drawers. She looked dimly familiar for some reason, though he couldn't quite place her. He approached cautiously. \"Um, hello?\" In a flash, the woman turned on him. Her expression was a mix of searing anger and bitter loathing, and her black eye told an unpleasant, if all-too-common, story. \"No, dinner is NOT ready,\" she spat venomously. Every drawer, every cabinet door was open, and she glared at him defiantly, as if today were the day she cast off all her chains. \"What are you going to do? YOU CAN'T HURT ME ANYMORE!\" She thrust her arms at Cole, revealing a shocking number of wicked-looking slashes on her upper arms. \"Lenny, you're a TERRIBLE HUSBAND!\" she screamed as she advanced on the boy. \"Look what you MADE ME DO, Lenny!\" Something snapped in Cole's mind. \"For God's sake, woman, I'm trying to SLEEP back here!\" he exploded. \"The last thing I need at—\" he glanced at the kitchen clock \"—two in the GODDAMN morning is some ghost howling like a banshee in my GODDAMN kitchen! I deal with this shit all day as it is – I can barely get through a class without some ghost pleading for help while I'm trying to take a test or make a presentation – and now I can't even get a good night's sleep with ghosts dropping by my GODDAMN house at all hours of the...\" He trailed off as the woman sunk to the floor, sobbing wildly. His anger evaporated, and he mentally slapped himself for being such a clod. He slowly walked over to the crying woman and eased himself down onto the cold linoleum floor. \"Hey, I'm sorry. That was really insensitive of me, huh?\" \"I loved you, Lenny!\" the woman bawled into her hands. \"I just wanted you to be more like the man I married! Why did you have to hurt me?!\" Cole sighed and moved to put an arm around her shoulders. He was surprised to find that she felt solid; she must have really needed the comfort. \"Maybe he loved you too and just didn't know how to say it. People with anger issues often have trouble with that sort of thing. Normally I'd suggest you go to a domestic violence shelter, but uh, you know...\" He patted her shoulder awkwardly. \"Look, I'm no good at this kind of thing. I'm really sorry about yelling at you, it's just been a rough week. My grandma says she'll talk with you, so I'll let her take over here. Hope you ladies can work this out.\" He stood up with a yawn and stretched. \"I'm going back to bed. Thanks again, Grandma.\" As he made his way back to his room, he heard his mom stirring. \"Is everything okay, Cole?\" she asked sleepily. \"Yeah Mom, just a ghost in the kitchen, everything's fine. Grandma says hi.\" \"That's nice, dear,\" his mom muttered. By the time he made it back to his room, he could already hear her snoring softly again. Cole climbed under the covers and tried to will himself back to sleep. He just hoped that this wouldn't come back to haunt him tomorrow; he had a big calculus test, and he was barely passing math as is.[Chapter 2] Lynn Sear slipped on her headphones and turned up her favorite 'getting housework done' tunes. Even though there were only two people in the house, it seemed like there was always one more mess to clean up in those rare hours when she wasn't working. Cole was a great kid, but neatness was never one of his virtues, she noted wryly. As she bent down to pick up yet another casually discarded piece of clothing, an outburst from her son's room startled her. \"No, I DON'T want to see where your dad keeps his gun! I'm trying to do my homework here, for fuck's sake—\" \"Cole, language!\" Lynn shouted back, turning down her music to hear better. \"Sorry Mom, this ghost is just pissing me off. This moron shows up at least once a week, and always when I'm busy doing other sh—stuff. You'd think he has a gaping head wound or something. Oh wait, he DOES!\" There was a long silence, eventually broken by Cole's frustrated sigh. \"Fine, fine! If I promise to talk to your dad, will you leave me alone? Yes, I'll tell him you just wanted him to think you were grown up. What's his name?\" Lynn could hear the scratching of a pencil through the door. \"Geez, did he have to have the most common goddamn name in the world? Yeah, your house being in North Philly doesn't narrow it down a hell of a lot. I wouldn't expect much, man, it looks like you died way back in the 70s. Can I get back to my history paper now?\" Another pause, followed by another exasperated sigh. \"FINE, I'll Google him now. No, I'm not going to explain the Internet to someone who never had a PC!\" Lynn smiled and turned her music back up to give the two of them some privacy. It must be hard, she thought, having to deal with being a teenager and school on top of having an on-call, unpaid job. She'd have to make him his favorite triangle pancakes for dessert, and maybe help him with his homework. After she finished this load of laundry. ","Summary":" Cole Sear tossed and turned in bed, consciousness slowly arising from the depths of sleep. He had b"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"The Seventh Sense","Author":"Kyuubi no Kaiju V2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6578681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE SEVENTH SENSE by Ivan DeJesus Based on characters created by M. Night Shyamalan The following is an audio recording, recorded on August 18 th , 2002 at 6:32 PM, recorded at a local development psychology center about 10 minutes from Atlanta, Georgia: [the sound of a pen creating letter and/or numbers across a piece of paper] DR. SILVER: [female] May I have your name, please? JUSTIN: [slowly] Justin. DR. SILVER: [a pen scribbling] And a last? [silence] DR. SILVER: You do have a last name? JUSTIN: No. DR. SILVER: So you're name is just Justin? JUSTIN: [low voice, perhaps to himself] I wish. DR. SILVER: I'm sorry? I didn't catch that. JUSTIN: There's nothing to catch. We're not playing baseball, you know. DR. SILVER: Listen, Justin, I am here to help you, not to hurt or threaten you. JUSTIN: They are though. They always are. They always stare at me... they tell me they wanna kill me. [the sound of low sobs] Everyday, they do that. Every damn day... DR. SILVER: Who, Justin? Who's trying to hurt you? JUSTIN: [palms bang against a table] FIGURE IT OUT! YOU'RE A DOCTOR YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT SHIT LIKE THIS! THEY ARE OUT THERE AND THEY WANNA KILL ALL OF US, AND ONLY I CAN SEE THEM! DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO SEE DE - [end recording][Chapter 2] O N E Dearest Cole, So guess what I did today? Well, I woke up (only to wake up to a couple dozen needles), then I opened a book and began reading all day. Want to know what I read? If I was able to see you, I'd definitely tell you face to face what I read, but since we're not, I'll go ahead and just write it to you. I read (drumroll…) The Bible! And I just want to say thank you for giving me one! It's actually really good, really beautiful even. Of course, like any book, I started from the beginning, but figures I could honestly start anywhere! I'm at that part called Job, I think it's called. I wonder if God actually would ever do something like that to one of his kids! I'm guessing He knows that I would never have let no sneaky little devil crawl up on my Cole. My favorite part of the Bible is the part you said was your favorite. Isn't that strange? Just reading it reminds me of you so much. Well, I guess I should continue on this letter by telling you why I'm writing to you after three months of not speaking to you. I just really wanted to let you know that I am truly sorry for, well, everything. For your dad, for not being there for you like I should have been, for not believing you, and for my sickness. I love you, baby, with all my heart and I wish I could tell you that to your face. Seeing you makes me not give a crap about my disease, about what I've done, but only for the fact that it was you who made me feel whole inside. You are an angel to me, because you and only you helped me out of a lot of hurt. Please forgive me for everything, Cole. I love you with everything that's in me, and I never want you to forget it, because to me, that is the only truth in the world. You are my only truth in the world. And I thank you so much for that. Mommy loves you, Col. So much. And I will miss you just as much. With lots of love, Mom 8/16/09 The letter ended there. Cole Sear just read that letter again, and again, and again… until he memorized it all, until it was imprinted like ink in his mind. Somehow, his mind refused to believe that this might have very well been the last thing Lynn Sear ever wrote; to even consider that his mother was gone was like saying 2012 wasn't a myth. Tears began rolling from Cole's eyes. He couldn't help it; they just came. And for good reason. Cole's mother was gone, literally killed by her own transgressions and pains. Her disease was sure proof of that. Her disease came from a man she once was with… …and it literally destroyed her from the inside out. Cole's eyes averted from the letter for the first time in an hour. His eyes scanned his surroundings, as if trying to remember where he was- His room. The same room he's lived in for years. The same apartment. The same memories. Cole set the letter aside on his mattress and stood up, lingering over to his doorway. He stared down the long hallway, and remembered… The gaunt woman with the scars on her wrists; the boy with the bloody hole on the back of his head; the vomiting girl… All pale imprints of tortured lives left fragmented and unfinished. Cole shuddered he forced these frightening experiences from his mind. He moved to the hallway bathroom, flipping on the light switch. His eyes caught his reflection in the mirror… …and he was stunned to see himself as he was now. Though there were traces of that innocent yet tortured face he had years ago, something had changed. His blue eyes were fuller, with a radiance and power even he couldn't understand. His chin began sprouting a fair bit of fuzz, almost like a peach. His formally rounded face was now squared- And then he noticed it. A shape behind him. A silhouette, standing by the doorway, face shrouded by the darkest of shadows. ","Summary":" THE SEVENTH SENSE by Ivan DeJesus Based on characters created by M. Night Shyamalan The following i"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"The Five Senses","Author":"makeupstains","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4450936","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N I, in no way, own the characters (other than those you do not yet recognize), the lines from the script of M. Night Shyamalan's work. Please do read AND review. It'd be much appreciated. \"That's Tommy,\" he said, quickly avoiding the tense conversation. He started at the door, \"Wait!\" Lynn said, \"Don't you want this?\" She handed her son a pop-tart, what he had been searching for in the first place. He lingered there for a moment, almost forgetting why she would ask him such a question. But then, quickly he grabbed the breakfast treat and ran for the door. \"Hey Tommy, hey Casey,\" he said a little out of breath. All three of them turned to wave at Cole's mother, and started walking to school. Suddenly Cole stopped, reaching his hand out for his bag. Tommy was proud of himself. Another good deed done. \"Hey freak? How'd you like that arm around the shoulder bit?\" He prided himself, glancing back every few seconds to make sure Cole's mother wasn't watching. \"I just made that up. I went with it. It's what great actors do. It's called 'improv'.\" Casey watched as Cole situated his bag upon himself. \"I'm really sorry about him,\" she offered. \"It's alright Casey,\" he said comfortingly. \"You should probably get going. I know your friends are waiting.\" She looked at Cole slightly dejectedly. She knew he meant nothing by it. But at the same time she felt that he didn't want anybody to be friends with him. But just as she thought it, she dismissed the idea. She held onto her backpack as she started to walk to school just a ways ahead of Cole. She was all by herself too. Casey entered the building with her brother at her side. She had quickly caught up to the boy, reprimanding him for what he had done to Cole. Although he had done it countless times before, she was just now realizing how much it hurt the poor boy. Mr. Cunningham's class was the usual. Casey sat in the front like the good student she was. While her brother sat in front of Cole, only to taunt him and tease him when the teacher wasn't looking. She was growing tired of the constant ridicule he gave Cole. At lunch, Casey sat with her friends, as she observed the other kids around her. \"Look at what my mommy bought me, Casey,\" Alicia, a pretty little brunette girl said from beside her. What she showed Casey was a cherry rectangular phone. Casey cocked her head. What would an eight-year-old need with a phone? She giggled at herself. Opening her lunch sack, she let the contents roll onto the picnic table. It was such a nice day outside that they offered the kids to eat outside and have recess at the same time. She looked at her food and smiled. She loved peanut butter and jelly. \"Hey girls, look over there,\" Alicia pointed at a tree. Casey looked to where she was pointing and immediately frowned. Her brother and his friends were tormenting Cole. And this time, Casey wasn't just going to sit back and watch it happen. \"Tommy!\" She pounded over towards the group. \"Tommy! You stop that right now!\" Her brother looked alarmed, but with a glance at his friends snickering faces, he turned around on Cole once more. \"Tommy! I swear on your life that if you ignore me, I-I will take a hammer to your Nintendo!\" She crossed her arms, looking resiliently at the group. Tommy had stopped, turned around, and looked at her with a panic stricken face. Casey smirked. \"Let's go guys,\" Tommy said. He then rounded on Cole again, \"She won't be here next time.\" Cole looked up at his savior, admirably. But then, his face turned down once again, as she had turned around to go back to eat lunch with her friends. \"Casey! How did you do that?\" Alicia spat. \"You know he'll get you in trouble,\" Candace stammered. Casey picked up the contents of her lunch, threw them in the sack and walked back over towards Cole. She stood before him for a moment's time, willing Cole to acknowledge her. \"I can understand you sticking up for me,\" he was looking at the ground, bringing his bright eyes to her own dark ones, \"But you don't have to feel sorry for me.\" She plopped down beside him. \"I'm not sorry,\" she smiled politely, picking a few grapes from a plastic bag. \"You want one?\" They ate in silence until the bell rang for them to head back to class. Casey followed him everywhere he went. But she knew when to part ways. She walked with him back to his house, then continued on her own way home. \"Mommy!\" Casey ran into her house, throwing her book bag on the couch, she hurried towards the kitchen. This is where her mom always was. There was the usual plate of cookies sitting on the table, ready to be devoured by her perfect children. \"Hi Mommy,\" Casey stood on her tip toes, abling herself to reach her mother's crouching figure, kissing her on the cheek. \"How was school today, dear?\" Casey sat herself on a chair at the table, reaching across to steal a cookie. \"Well, I think I made a friend today.\" Tommy snickered from his seat across the table. \"You think you met a friend?\" Her mother reiterated. Casey nodded, then thought for a moment, and shook her head, \"Well, I'm not sure. He doesn't talk much. And he doesn't have any friends.\" \"Well, I think it's very charitable, you going out of your way to make a friend. Who is this boy?\" Her mother was busy washing dishes, as her brother kept making faces at her. Casey jeered back at him and continued her conversation, \"Cole Sear.\" \"Isn't that the boy you two meet every morning? I thought you were already friends?\" A look of concern made itself clear on Mrs. Tammisimo's face. \"We are!\" Tommy interjected, glaring at his sister and her big mouth. \"No we're not,\" Casey argued. \"You make fun of him all the time!\" \"Enough Casey,\" their mother ordered. \"Tommy, is this true?\" \"No,\" he replied shortly, but convincingly. \"Yes it-\" \"Casey, if Tommy says it isn't true. Then, it isn't true,\" she smiled at her children. \"Now get along, you two have three hours before dinner.\" She heard her children bickering all the way down the hall.[Chapter 2] A/N Another disclaimer. Sorry this chapter is so short. I'm just trying to get the story moving quickly. :). Present Time Casey lurched forward, unable to breathe. Her hair had been matted down with sweat, locks clinging to her forehead. She held her hands to her chest, as her lungs had begun to tighten. \"Mom! Dad?\" She gasped, searching for someone. \"Tommy!?\" No one came to her assistance. \"Mom!\" She exclaimed once more as she could feel herself slipping. One hand grasped the sheets of her bed, as she felt an extreme shake come over her body. \"On no! Bill! Call the ambulance!\" Mrs. Tammisimo reached her daughter just as her eyes were rolling to the back of her head. \"Tommy! Grab the emergency bag!\" Normally at the thought of his sister, Tommy would roll his eyes and sneer at her. But when these encounters happened, his face would be concerned and worried for her life. He listened to his mother, grabbing the bag and a book off of her shelf. He knew how much Casey loved to read. At the hospital, Casey was to be taken to an overnight room. They had to run a CAT scan on her and take blood tests. It was the usual hospital visit for Casey and her family. \"Mom? Is she going to be okay?\" Tommy questioned, looking at his sister's hand in her mothers. \"I don't know, honey. This one is the worst episode she's ever had,\" she looked at her daughter's content face, only blemished by perspiration. \"Mom?\" He placed a hand on his mother's shoulder. \"Y'know, no matter how much I make fun of Casey, she's always my sister. I love her.\" Tommy's hand became encompassed by his mother's, squeezing it tightly. Casey's eyes fluttered open, she was alone. She looked around the room, everything was white. She hated white. The book on the nightstand was titled 'Nightfather.' She smiled. Tommy knew she loved to read that book whenever she was sick. \"Casey, dear?\" One of the nurse's knocked on the door. \"Someone's here to see you.\" Casey smiled, nodding to her that whoever the visitor was, could come in. A head of sandy hair appeared in the doorway. She smiled, seeing the figure of Cole Sear walk through her room, to her bedside. His face held a small smile, one that if you hadn't known him, one wouldn't realize that it was actually there. He sat down in the chair, feeling it's arms, getting comfortable. They sat in a comfortable silence for a while until a bird hit the window. Casey started to giggle, which in itself, erupted a small chuckle from Cole. \"I brought something for you,\" he said abruptly. \"That's very thoughtful of you,\" Casey nodded. Cole smirked, \"You haven't even seen it yet!\" Reaching into his messenger bag, he pulled out a long piece of rolled up paper from it. Casey gazed at him thoughtfully before grasping the gift in her hands. She lifted the funnel to her eye, trying to peer what was so precariously wrapped. She let out a small gasp and smiled wide. \"Cole! Thank you so much!\" She reached over to give him a kiss on his pale cheek. \"Why'd you get me this?\" \"I picked it from your garden. I just thought I'd let you know something was growing in your winter garden,\" he shrugged. \"So, uh, what is it?\" He looked over to Casey, seeing her stroke the white petals. \"It's an Angraecum Crestwood. A cross between the Veitchii and the Sisuipidale. It only grows in the winter and spring.\" Casey looked at his confuse face and smiled. \"It's an orchid, Cole.\" His face immediately relaxed. Her chocolate eyes stared into his oceanic blues, they became caught up in an infamous moment. Cole's eyes flicked to the hospital bathroom, his jaw tightened, and he swallowed imaginable spit. His eyebrows furrowed together and he started to shake. Casey placed a gentle hand on his exposed forearm, causing him to jump in surprise. \"Cole?\" Her face, worried. \"IS everything alright?\" He gulped after slouching down in the chair once more. He nodded towards the bathroom. \"There's someone over there.\" Out of instinct, Casey turned her head to the bathroom. Seeing nothing but a closed door, she rounded her gaze on Cole once again. She noticed him trembling still. His fingers twitched several times, causing his muscles to ripple beneath her hand. \"Then, why are you shaking?\" She asked, knowing full well he had figured out how to help the ghosts he saw. He swallowed whole again, flicking his eyes back to the bathroom, \"She's here to see you.\" ","Summary":" A/N I, in no way, own the characters (other than those you do not yet recognize), the lines from th"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Estrellas","Author":"Adrian Soto Zeick","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12762810","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hoy volví a ver el cielo nocturno, Recordé de a poco aquellas palabras que me arrullaban con cariño, Aquellas dulces caricias sonoras del timbre de su voz, Poco a poco, Sin pensarlo me aislé, Al principio solo un poco, Y a pasos cada vez más estrechos, Con timidez y sin que nadie me observará, Me olvide del mundo, Trate de olvidarme de todo aquello que me hacía pesar, Me olvide de tantas cosas, Que algunos auguran, Me olvide de mi mismo. Hoy las estrellas cantaron, Hoy escuche esa voz una vez más, Hoy el cielo de noche no estaba solo, Hoy me recordé. De a poco quiero, No con cualquier persona, No con cualquiera, soñar, sentir, reír, llorar, cantar, vivir. Espero que aún estés como lo prometiste, A mi lado, Que el destino no haya errado los caminos, Caminaré este sendero marcado con dirección al cielo, Y justo cuando te alcance y lo haré, Podamos de la mano, seguir adelante... ","Summary":" Hoy volví a ver el cielo nocturno, Recordé de a poco aquellas palabras que me arrullaban con cariño"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"The Mental House","Author":"kmbloomy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4939120","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yo.nThis is my first attempt at a Sixth Sense fanfic. The one movie thatnmade me afraid to turn the light off…anyway, please enjoy and tellnme what you think, please and thank you! Colennever felt comfortable walking past the old home on the corner of hisnstreet. He walked past it everyday when he was going to and fromnschool. Every time he passed the large looming building he gotnchills. He even dared to look up and into several different windowsnbut nothing was there. Nothing is ever there. He often overheardnpeople talking about that particular old house at school. Just aboutnhow it's so old and run down, or at least that's what teachersnsay when students ask them. What he hears from kids is that it'snhaunted. If it was, Cole would be able to see the ghosts. Since hensaw nothing he didn't entirely believe them. \"Hey,nfreak!\" someone called out to him. Cole took his gaze off thenbuilding and looked behind him. One of the older boys he's seen atnthe high school was walking over to him, his goon's right by hisnside. There was only one girl there though, and she looked fairlynuncomfortable. \"Do Inknow you?\" Cole asked as calmly as he could. He recognized the boynfrom the hallways, but he didn't know his name. \"No,nbut I sure know about you. The name is Gabe.\" He pushes Cole'snshoulder, knocking him back closer to the house. Cole flinched butndidn't run away. He had to learn to stand up for himself. \"Inhear you're crazy. You see stuff, eh kid?\" Gabe pushed him again.nOh how much Cole wished that he could run away…he knew it wouldn'tnbe wise though. Once more Gabe nudged him and Cole found himselfnpressed against the cold chipping brick wall of the old building. \"I…Indon't…\" \"Ohnreally? Then you can go in the house and won't find anything, eh?\" \"Right.\"nCole said shakily. Gabe snickered and rolled his head back to laugh.nWhen Gabe turned to face his friends Cole thought it was a goodnchance to leave. He was wrong. Gabe grabbed Cole's shoulder just asnhe was about to leave. \"Oh,nyou are such a bad liar short stuff. You are going in there, and whennyou come out you tell me what you see, alright?\" Gabe pushed himnagainst the building again. \"But Indon't want to go in there.\" Cole said. Gabe leaned in so he wasnright in Cole's ear. \"Toonbad.\" Gabe whispered with a grin. He gripped Cole's jacket andndragged him across the concrete. Cole fought back as best he could,nkicking his legs and scratching at Gabe's hands, trying to get himnto let go. He picked at the skin, pealing the knuckle skin back andnletting drips of blood ooze to the surface. He tripped as Gabenstarted dragging him up the stairs to the small porch. \"Hey,nGabe, that's not funny, he really doesn't want to go in.\" thenonly girl in the group spoke up. Gabe looked back just as he put hisnhand on the handle. Cole had a strong surge of pain pulse through hisnhead. Something bad was in there, he could tell. \"Oh,nall right. How bout I just drop him off in here, eh?\" he swung thendoor open and threw Cole in, then slammed the door shut. InsidenCole was left in the darkness. He got up and ran to the door,ngripping frantically for the handle and shaking it, ramming the door,npulling it, pushing against it, anything to get out. Gabe heldnsteady. Cole started to scream. \"Gabe,nstop! Let him out!\" the girl snapped, storming up the stairs andnhitting him. They both froze when his screaming stopped. \"Fine,nfine Kristen, relax.\" Gabe said, he let go of the door and walkedndown the stairs. \"He can get out on his own.\" Gabe chuckled. Colenstarted screaming for someone to get him out, but Gabe kept the doornshut firmly. When he stopped screaming for one second to take anbreath a chill went up his spine and he heard a small female voice. \"Cannyou find me…?\" it said. \"…find me…\" Cole let go of thendoor and looked over his shoulder. It was dark, but in the lightncoming from one of the windows he saw bare feet. \"Cannyou find me…?\" it said again. It sounded…happy. Happy, playful,nkind, slightly shy…and a little lonely. The voice belonged tonwhoever the feet belonged to. On the other side of the door he heardnfootsteps leaving the building. \"Findnme…yet…? Anyone…\" Colenswallowed, his throat was suddenly dry. The feet shuffled slightlynand the sound of swaying clothes was barely heard in the mustynsilence of the house. \"I…Infound you…\" Cole said bravely. The sound stopped and the toes onnthe foot stuck up like they were stretching. They stepped forward andnCole prepared himself to see either a sick child like the one henhelped at the funeral, or a mangled one. The feet moved forward andnthe figure was revealed in the sunlight. It wasnneither sick nor disfigured. She looked like any normal five yearnold. She was very cute with her big sparkly green eyes and shortndirty blond hair that was pulled back in a side ponytail. She had anhospital gown on though, which confused Cole. The building wasn't anhospital. \"Yournturn.\" She said happily with a smile. The room was suddenlynlightened – just barely – but it was enough for him to see wherenhe was going. He didn't hide. He, instead, followed the girl. \"Wait!\"nhe called. She kept running up the stairs. He called out again, andnshe stopped at the top. \"Nonsilly, you have to hide from me! We aren't playing tag!\" shengiggled when Cole caught up. He was amazed at how many stairs therenwere. \"Wenaren't playing anymore. I'm Cole. What's your name?\" he askednnervously. \"My…name?nMy name is…is…\" she seemed like she didn't remember her name.n\"I remember! I remember! My name is Echo!\" \"Echo…?\"nCole repeated. \"Uh-huh,nEcho. They called me that because I repeat things.\" She beamed,nlooking at her feet as she swayed side-to-side. \"Repeating thingsnis fun. Very fun.\" \"Isnthere something you want me to do?\" Cole asked, thinking that thisnghost, Echo, had something she wanted from him…but then again theynusually come to him first. \"Inwant you to hide, so I can find you! Go hide! Go hide!\" she said,nrunning away again. It didn't seem like Cole had a choice. Henwandered down the opposite hall, bumping into random tables set up tonhold flowers and such. He looked at a door and decided to go innthere. He reached for the door, but a hand gripped his before hencould touch the cold looking handle. Cole couldn't help but jump innsurprise. His gaze traveled from the hand to the hospital band on thenwrist, up the arm to the shoulder, and then to the face. Itnwasn't Echo like he first thought. It was a boy with a slightlynlarger forehead than most seven year olds and large round eyes thatndrooped slightly like he was half asleep. His eyes were a goldennbrown and he had a small scar over his left eye. His hair was verynclose cut and somewhat spiky charcoal black color. He was in a childnsized hospital scrub. The boy lifted his hand that was gripping Colentightly, let go and swung Cole's hand down. \"Nobodiesnallowed in there.\" He said coldly. Cole stared at him. \"Jynx!nJynx!\" Echo's voice called. Both of them looked over to where hernvoice came from. \"Jynx~!\" she ran over, jumped, and tackled thenboy. \"Jinks?\"nCole asked. The boy pushed Echo off of him and stood up. He grippednEcho's hand and pulled her behind him. \"No,nno, not Jinks. Jynx. J-Y-N-X.\" Echo spelled with a smile. The boynscowled and pushed Echo farther behind him and acted like a shield. \"Don'tntalk to him Echo; he says strangers aren't welcome here.\" Jynxnsnarled. \"Butnhe was playing hide-and-seek with me…he was playing !\" \"Inplay with you.\" Jynx mumbled. \"Yes,nbut he's new! I like playing with new people!\" \"E-excusenme, but why can't I go in the room?\" Cole butted in. \"Nobodyncan.\" Jynx said, turning his attention back to Cole. \"Can Inplease?\" \"Hensaid you can't go in there.\" Jynx said matter-of-factly. \"Aws,nbut he asked nicely!\" Echo chimed in. \"No,nnobody can get in!\" Jynx yelled, clearly frustrated. He let out ansmall yelp of pain and gripped at his head. Echo shrieked in surprisenwhen Jynx fell to his knees, clawing at his head with his longnfingers. Cole, seeing his chance, reached for the door and tried thenhandle. It was locked. \"I…toldnyou.\" Jynx groaned, looking up at him. Cole held out his hand, andnafter a moment of examining it, Jynx grabbed on and let him help himnup. \"Arenyou ok?\" Cole asked. \"Mynhead…hurts. But it's not weird…or different…ow…\" Jynxnbegan to rub the scar gently. \"Howndid…\" Thenlocked door next to them began rattling and shaking and a loudnscreaming came from behind it. It was so mixed together that Colencould barely understand it. He could make out bits of it, most ofnthem sounding like whoever was in there was screaming for help. Colenwent for the door again and tugged at the handle. \"HELP!nLET ME OUT!!!\" the voice screamed. Cole pulled on the door with allnhis strength. It wouldn't budge. \"Youncan't get him out; we've been trying for years.\" Jynx said overnthe screaming. There was a loud thud and sobbing sounds came from thenroom. \"Don'tnyou have a key?\" Cole asked worriedly. \"…Echo,ngo find the Fortune Teller.\" Jynx ordered. Echo nodded silently,nthe smile vanished. Echo let go of Jynx's hand and ran down thenhall. Jynx beckoned Cole to follow him as he wandered down the hall.nHe opened another door to a small bedroom. \"Innever let Echo come in here…\" Jynx mumbled as Cole walked in. thenboy felt around for a light switch. The light flashed on when henclicked it accidentally. Cole's eyes widened when he saw what wasnsprawled out on the floor.[Chapter 2] Thanksnfor the reviews peoples!! Glad you enjoy it so far. Enjoy! \"See,nthis is why I don't let Echo in here. She sees this and she'll goninsane. This is also why we can't find the key to the door.\"nJynx's voice penetrated Cole's blank mind as he stared at the twondead bodies sprawled out on the floor. One was Jynx's body, hisnlegs were spread eagled and he looked like he was sleeping. One handnwas on the scar above his eye. He glanced at the Jynx standing nextnto him and saw him rubbing the scar with a pained expression. On thenfloor, Echo's body was curled up next to Jynx like she wasnblissfully sleeping. \"Theynleft us here and we died in our sleep. Obviously they never came backnor else our bodies wouldn't still be here.\" Jynx groaned, hisnhead still throbbing. \"Whonis 'they'?\" Cole asked, turning away from the bodies. The smellnin the room was starting to make him woozy. Jynx watched as Cole leftnthe room and followed him out. \"'They'nare the doctors that worked on us and locked him in that other room.\"nJynx said, starting to rub his scar again. He saw the concerned looknon Cole's face and lowered his hand. \"They gave me this. I sawnthings I wasn't supposed to see…so they took me into a brightnroom…strapped me to a table and grabbed a knife…\" Colenflinched. \"Theyncut here…\" he pointed to the scar. \"And stuck something in myn'memory file', but instead of forgetting what I saw I somehownlearned more. It hurt…them putting that pointy thing in my head,nand they did it while I was awake.\" Cole shuddered at the idea. \"Sonthey put me in this weird hospital for insane people…and that'snwhere I met Echo and him.\" Jynx grinned slightly. \"Whatndid you see?\" Jynx stared at him for a moment. \"…it'sna secret.\" He said, putting his finger to his lips. \"Whynwas Echo there?\" \"Thatnyou'll have to ask her. But…Echo wasn't always this fun lovingngirl you just met.\" Jynx mumbled with a shrug. \"You better keepnthis room a secret from her. She doesn't know we're dead.\" \"Donyou want to pass on?\" Cole asked. \"Cannyou help?\" \"Mostnlikely.\" Cole nodded. \"All Inknow is that we can't leave without the boy screaming in the lockednroom.\" \"Whonis that?\" \"You'llnhave to ask him yourself.\" Jynx looked over his shoulder whennfootsteps were heard. Echo rushed over to them. \"Itnsaid…it said look for the white pocket.\" She said, referring tonthe Fortune Teller she was supposed to find. \"It said look for thenwhite pocket.\" She repeated. Jynxnnodded and hurried over to the locked door. Cole hesitated, butnfollowed when Echo grabbed his hand and tugged. He followed themnover. Jynx was knocking on the door. \"NOOOOO!!!\"nthe same shrill voice screamed from inside. \"Hey…!nHey! HEY!! Calm down, it's me, Jynx!\" he yelled through the door.nThe screaming and shaking stopped, and the sound of hands gentlynpatting against the wood could be heard. Jynx moved his hands aroundnfor a moment, like he was feeling around for the other boys' hands. \"Inwant…to come out…\" the soft voice called from inside. \"Inknow, but there is someone here that can help. We'll get you outnsoon.\" Jynx said calmly. \"Do you have Teddy with you?\" \"Teddynnever leaves me…\" the voice said. \"Who can help…? Where isnhe…?\" \"I...I'mnCole, I'm right here.\" Cole spoke up. It was silent for a minute. \"I'mnhungry Cole, and I'm cold. I want to get out.\" \"Who are you?\" Cole asked. \"…mynname…I can't remember my name…\" it was Jynx's turn to saynsomething. \"It'snCharlie. Your name is Charlie, remember?\" again it was silent. Echoninched over to Jynx and gripped his hand tightly. She whisperednsomething in his ear and the two glanced at Cole, who was stillnfocused on the door. \"Charlie…?nIs that my name…?\" \"Yes,nyes. Your mama named you Charlie and your sister gave you Teddy whennyou came to the hospital.\" Echo said. \"Mynsister…?\" \"Notnyour real sister, Charlie. You called her that. Remember? Her namenwas Kristen.\" \"Kristen…\"nJynx perked up suddenly. \"Cole,ncan you go find Kristen? She could probably help!\" he gasped. \"I…Indon't know. How old is she?\" \"…probablynfifteen now. Does that help any? Charlie probably has a picture ofnher in the room if you need one.\" There was rustling coming fromnthe room and footsteps were heard traveling away from the door. Therenwas a soft thud and then paper was being shuffled. They remainednsilent for a moment and then a picture was shoved through the cracknof the door. Cole bent down and picked it up. His eyes widened. \"HER?!nShe was with that Gabe guy earlier…\" Cole gasped. \"Gabe…?\"nCharlie's voice whispered through the oak. Cole looked at the girlnin the picture. She had thick brown hair that was just a little pastnher shoulder blades. She seemed to keep only part of it tied back, sonit was still partially down. She had big blue-grey eyes that werenframed by purple glasses with flowers on the sides. She was a littlenmore than average sized and had a bright smile on her slightly pudgynface. \"I'llngo look for her.\" Cole agreed, seeing the importance in findingnher. He excused himself and ran to the stairs. As he ran down henheard footsteps next to him. Out of the corner of his eye Cole sawnEcho skipping down the stairs too, her eyes focused on the steps.nThey reached the bottom and Echo stopped in her tracks. Cole on thenother hand hurried to the door and started to pull at it. \"Itncan only be opened from the outside. That's how they kept usninside. In here. Alone…\" Echo said. Cole looked over hisnshoulders and saw her staring at the window. It was getting dark out. \"I'mntrapped?\" he asked. \"Maybe.\"nShe said, looking back at him. All the sparkle was gone from herneyes. She looked sick. \"Willnyou bring us toys next time?\" she asked, stepping over. \"I-ifnI get out…sure…\" Cole mumbled, glancing at the door again. Henheard Echo move around behind him, and when he looked at her againnshe was looking at something out the window. \"Whonis that?\" she asked, pointing to something. Cole walked over andnlooked out. There was someone standing at the porch, looking all overnthe house. He recognized her from the picture, and from earlier. Henbegan banging on the window. \"OVERnHERE!!\" he yelled. The figure looked over when she heard thenbanging and her eyes widened. Cole rannto the door as the handle began turning. It swung open and her handnsnatched his shirt and pulled him out. He ended up falling on hisnstomach on the wooden porch, at the girl's feet. She slammed thendoor shut and helped him up. \"Arenyou ok? I'm so sorry Gabe locked you in there!\" she said. Colenexamined her face, she really was terribly sorry. \"Arenyou Kristen?\" he asked. She looked surprised at first. \"Yes,nI am. How did you know?\" Cole pointed to the building. \"Someonenin there knows you and needs your help.\" Kristen quickly grabbednhis hand and pulled him off the property. \"Where'snyour house? I'm bringing you home.\" Kristen said. Cole pointedndown the road and stumbled as she hurried off. \"Inhate that house. I hate it I hate it I hate it!\" she grumbled. Colenpulled his hand out of hers and stopped. Kristen stopped and lookednback at him. \"Whonare you?\" she asked, crouching down in front of him. \"Mynname is Cole Sear. Why do you hate that house so much?\" \"Itngives me the creeps…it's like there are things that are hangingnaround there. Do you believe in ghosts?\" \"Yes Indo.\" Cole nodded. Kristen stared deep into his eyes for a moment.nShe stood up again and sighed slowly, a sad expression on her face. \"…C'mon,nI'll take you home.\" She said. \"Youndon't…\" \"I'MnTAKING…you home…\" she started out loud and trailed off to ansoft voice. Cole nodded slowly and started walking. \"Donyou know what that house is?\" she asked suddenly. \"No,ndo you?\" \"Yup.nYou know the mental hospital a few miles away? Well when they havensome extra special patients they put them in this house for morentesting…\" \"Howndo you know that?\" Cole asked curiously as they stopped outside hisnhome. \"Huh?nOh, well they sent some of my little buddies there a few years back.nHaven't seen them since.\" Both looked up at the front door ofnCole's house when it opened suddenly. Cole's mother ran out andnwrapped her arms around him tightly. \"Oh myngod, are you alright? Where were you?!\" Mrs. Sear asked, holdingnhim tightly. \"Yesnmom, I'm fine.\" He said when she let go. Mrs. Sear looked behindnCole and saw Kristen staring at them with a small smile. \"Hello?\"nMrs. Sear said, standing up straight and patting Cole on the backngently. \"Hi.nI'm Kristen, I found Cole down the road.\" She said politely. Mrs.nSear looked down at Cole. \"I'llnexplain later.\" He said simply, turning around and walking into hisnhome. \"Thatnwas very kind of you, thanks.\" Mrs. Sear said, \"Would you like tonstay for dinner?\" she offered. Kristen checked her watch. \"Thanks,nbut no. my brothers are coming over and same with my cousin. Um…tellnCole I'll come by in the morning to walk to school with him.\" shensaid, turning away. \"Oh…and give him this please.\" she handed anfolded up note to Mrs. Sear and walked down the street. She waved tonher over her shoulder as she walked lazily in the twilight. Mrs. Searnglanced at the folded note in her hand and walked to the door. \"Cole,ncome here.\" She called as she closed the door. Cole walked into thenroom. He glanced to the corner and saw his deceased grandmothernstanding there. She winked at him, holding up the bumblebee pendantnand then walked away. \"Grandmasnhere.\" He said. Mrs. Sear was the first alive person he told aboutnhim seeing the dead. \"Wellntell her I said hi after you explain to me what happened.\" Shensaid, holding out the note Kristen left. He grabbed it and put it innhis pocket. \"Can Inexplain over dinner?\" he asked, his stomach growling slightly. Mrs.nSear sighed and nodded, shooing him over to the dinner table that wasnall set with nice hot food. They sat, prayed and dug in. Cole lovednHamburgers on a nice day. It just seemed like a great combination.nCole pulled the note out of his pocket and began reading it. Heynwhat's-your-name. Sorrynabout Gabe. He's a big jerk. I was only with him because my cousinncame to visit and wanted to hang out with him. I don't knownwhy…right, so this letter is about why I came back. I know way toonmuch about that house. I found a way to ditch Gabe and made my cousinngo home, so I came back. I know that the house can only be openednfrom the outside so I came back to get you out. I knew no one elsenwould. If you can help it don't go near there again. For me, itnbrings to many bad memories…my poor Charlie… Sorry.nAnyway, if you go back there you probably won't come back out. Seenyou some other time. -KristennB. \"Cole,nwhat happened?\" Mrs. Sear asked suddenly.[Chapter 3] \"Hello?\"nCole asked as he opened the door. It was early the next morning; henwas just about to head out for school. Kristen was leaning againstnthe railing waiting for him. \"Getnmy letter?\" she asked seriously. \"Uh-huh…\" \"C'monnwhat's-your-name.\" she chuckled. \"I'll walk you to school, sonyou don't get caught by Gabe again.\" Cole looked inside his housenand saw his mother waving goodbye to him. \"Sure,nhang on.\" he said. He ran to his room and grabbed his old jumpnrope, kickball and super bouncy ball, and some of his toy soldiers.nHe hurried to his backpack, shoved them in and hurried back to thendoor. He waved goodbye to his mother and closed the door. Kristennfollowed him down the small steps and they walked down the road innsilence. \"Howndo you know Charlie?\" Cole spoke up. Kristen took in a shutteringnbreath and then gave a false smile. \"Charlienwas like my little brother…I met him when he was…um…three. Wenbecame close buds, and then we were like brother and sister. Henstarted acting funny and said he saw strange things, so he wasnadmitted into that mental hospital. When that happened I visited himneveryday after school, and there I met another little boy and a girlnthat followed him everywhere.\" \"Whatnwere their names?\" \"Thendoctors there made me forget their real names. I only remember theirncode names.\" \"Jynxnand Echo?\" Cole asked. Kristen looked down at him. \"Yeah.nHow did you know?\" \"They're…\"nCole stopped outside the old house on the corner and looked in thenwindows. The one near the door had Echo in it, staring at him. Shensmiled and waved. He gave a small wave back. He looked on the secondnstory and saw Jynx in another window. He was staring down at him,nshaking his head slowly. \"It'snnothing.\" Cole said, hurrying her across the street. He glancednback and saw Echo banging on the window, calling out for him to comeninside. Jynx came out from nowhere and pulled her away. \"…arenthey still there?\" Kristen asked, looking ahead at the school innthe distance. \"Who?\" \"Younknow…Jynx, Echo, Charlie…\" \"Um…\" \"Youncan be honest. I already know that they died six years ago. And I donbelieve in ghosts.\" Kristen sighed. Cole watched her for a moment. \"Yes,nthey're still there.\" He said quietly. \"They need your help,nthough.\" Cole added. \"Oh?nHow so?\" Kristen asked curiously. They paused for a moment, starednat each other, then moved on. \"I'mnnot sure exactly. Echo said to look for the white pocket. Do you knownwhat that means?\" Cole explained as they traveled further down thenstreets. Kristen scratched her chin as she stared off in deepnthought. She stared into the sky with her finger rubbing her cheek,nshe turned to look at the ground and rubbed the back of her neck, andnthen she stared straight ahead and started hitting herself on thenhead. \"Oh!nYeah…I have no idea.\" She grimaced. \"I'll think about it allnday and meet you back here after school because it appears that thisnis where we part ways.\" She said, rubbing the spot where she bangednher head. \"Whyndid you do that if it hurts?\" Cole asked with a low sigh. Shenstopped and belted out a loud friendly laugh. \"Indunno. Force of habit I guess. I always do that when I can't thinknof anything.\" She chuckled. \"See you after school.\" Cole wavednas she headed in the opposite direction that headed for the highnschool. Cole, on the other hand, headed for his school. AsnKristen headed down the road she wracked her brain for any possiblenlinks to a white pocket. White pockets…white pockets…what doesnthat have to do with anything?! She thought with a scowl. Thenonly white pockets I can think of are…those…doctors coatnpockets…OF COURSE! She spunnaround as the thought hit her, and she ran as fast as she couldnaround a corner and headed for the opposite direction. XxXxX Colenwalked slowly past the old house on the corner. He stopped by thenfront porch, took a quick look at the streets around him, and thennlooked in each window. Echo wasn't there, and neither was Jynx. Henknocked gently on the front door and waited for a moment. After anshort moment, a soft tapping sound came from the other side. \"Cole…?\"nasked a soft voice. \"Yup.\"nHe said as he opened the door. He quickly walked in and, just as henwas closing the door, put a small stone in the doorway so it wouldn'tnclose all the way, but not open enough for anyone to notice. \"Hello!\"nEcho said cheerfully as she gave him a big hug. He gave an awkwardnhug back and said hello. \"Didnyou bring toys?\" she asked eagerly. \"Uh-huh.\"nCole mumbled, slinging his backpack off his shoulders and opening it.nHe pulled out his old jump rope, a small kickball and super bouncynball, and his toy soldiers. Echo let out a happy squeal and startednplaying with them. \"Hey…where'snJynx? I need to talk with him.\" Cole asked, looking around the roomncasually. \"Innthe TV room… watching TV.\" Echo said, pointing to a door as shenbounced the super bouncy ball. Cole looked at the door and pointed tonit, unsure if that was the one she meant. \"Yup,nthat's the room.\" she said, chasing after the runaway ball. Colenwalked over and knocked on the door. It swung open and Cole wasnwelcomed by a stale musty smell. \"Hi.\"nJynx's voice said over a cartoon fight on the television. Colenwalked over to the bean bag chair Jynx was practically buried in.nthere was two others, one on each side of him. Cole sat in the one onnhis right. It was a very fluffy bean bag chair; it made him sinknalmost through to the other side; he was practically sitting on thenfloor. \"That'snCharlie's chair.\" Jynx said suddenly. \"The other one isnEcho's.\" \"Oh…\"nCole mumbled, not quiet knowing why he was bringing that up. \"Theynonly let us in here once a week, and if we were good, twice a week.\"nJynx mumbled into his knees. \"We got to watch what we want, for hownlong we wanted. Do you get to watch television?\" \"Yeah,nwhen I finish my homework.\" Cole nodded. He glanced at Jynx and sawnhim staring at the Television. He seemed to be staring blankly, as ifnhe couldn't focus at all. Jynx grabbed the remote and tossed it atnCole without even a glance his way. \"Changenit to the news.\" He said. Cole nodded and changed the channel.nThere was a story about a missing child somewhere in the city next tontheirs. They silently sat and watched as the weatherman told thenweekend forecast. \"Breakingnnews!\" the anchor said. \"And I do mean breaking. A young girl,nseen as a high-schooler, broke into the old Mental Hospital down onn22nd street. Our news Crew is down there at this moment.nGeorge?\" Jynx and Cole moved forward as the cameras changed and annold anchor was in view, standing outside of the Mental Hospital. \"Thanknyou Matt.\" George nodded to the camera. \"Yes, hello. I'm GeorgenMacBlair. Behind me, as you see, is the old Mental Hospital where annalleged Breaking and Entering has taken place. I have not beenngranted permission to enter this building, but I assure you we willnkeep this story up until we can get a good look at the girlnresponsible for this.\" Jynx andnCole look at each other, and then got on their knees and scootedncloser to the set. From inside the building loud crashing could benheard. \"Thendoctors inside have told us that this girl has knocked out several ofnthe attendants, and several have a broken arm or wrist. There havenbeen no reports of deaths or weapons, and it is said that some of thenhigher ranking doctors are in there now, handling the situation. Allnof the young and old patients have been evacuated through a backnentrance for safety.\" Again,nJynx and Cole looked at each other, each with the same uneasynexpression. \"Whondo you think it is?\" Cole asked quietly. He had a strange idea, butnwanted to see if Jynx thought the same. Jynx strained his ears andneyes, looking for any sign of the intruder in the window. \"…dunno…\"nhe mumbled; his face practically mashed against the screen. \"Inthink…maybe it's…Kristen.\" He finally said, looking at Colenagain. His droopy golden brown eyes shut tightly as his scar searednwith pain. He rubbed it gently and scooted away from Cole quickly.nOnce his head stopped swimming he looked at Cole fearfully, then atnthe T.V. again. \"A…arenyou ok…?\" Cole whispered shakily, afraid of Jynx's suddennoutburst. Jynx pointed at him and backed away again. \"There'snsomething… wrong with you!\" he shouted. Jynx scrambled tonhis feet and ran out of the room. He pushed himself off of thendoorframe and around the corner. He ran up the stairs and vanished.nCole sat there in disbelief. \"Jynxie…?\"nEcho's voice sounded from the other room, her voice expressingnconcern. ","Summary":" Yo.nThis is my first attempt at a Sixth Sense fanfic. The one movie thatnmade me afraid to turn the"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Sweet 16 wishes","Author":"becca.x.hi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8489496","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rosie. Hi I'm Rosie Mee Age-14 My mom died when I was 6 My big brother Dylan is 22, and he's engaged to a girl called Lily who's 20. My step mom is called Kelly, her and dad got married last year. We own a zoo. Our zoo is one of the most successful animal parks in America. My favorite animals are the birds because they're what convinced my dad to buy the place! Dad is writing a book about our lives, he's already got a publishing deal and everything! He thinks it would really add some 'texture' and 'depth' to the book if me and dyl wrote a chapter each, so here goes. Every weekend morning I wake up at 6.30, I put on my Rosemoor uniform and organize the animal feed. Dad and Kelly feed the big cats(lions Tigers, cheetahs, etc.) Dylan and Lily feed the snakes and giraffes. And because dad doesn't trust us to do anything else me and Becky feed the birds! Oh about Becky, she's Lily's little sister and she moved here as soon as she turned 12 to help run the zoo! ","Summary":" Rosie. Hi I'm Rosie Mee Age-14 My mom died when I was 6 My big brother Dylan is 22, and he's engage"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Together","Author":"maryamk.khalid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8504365","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Lisa and I had been hanging out with guy named Ian for the past few weeks, and this wasn't just any Ian, this was the actor and model Ian Somerhalder, I bumped into him at a Starbucks outlet and accidentally spilled my coffee all over him, and after that, we started talking to each other, went to movies, out to dinner, or just spent time at each other's apartments. Whatever the case, I felt comfortable around him and after some suggestive comments and a lot of flirting; I decided maybe we were ready for the next level. I invited him over for a home cooked meal and some 'games', and he accepted for the following evening. This is what happened. When I opened the door to let him in that evening I couldn't help notice him look me over. His eyes started at my strappy black high heels and followed up my shapely toned legs and over my rounded hips up to my pert breasts taking in the ample cleavage that the formfitting short emerald green spaghetti strap silk dress provided, and finally up over my luscious full red lips to my ever sparkling hazel eyes. I grinned and allowed myself the same pleasure starting with his relaxed brown loafers, up his khaki slacks with the nice bulge he was desperately trying to hide with his hands stretched in their pockets, over his blue cashmere sweater that showed off his perfectly toned abs and ended in a V-neck, and finally up over his dimpled chin and soft pink lips to his piercing blue eyes that currently danced with a smoky gray that seemed to laugh at me and welcome me all in the same glance. Yes tonight was definitely the night for us to be together, I had a special dessert planned for him and I prayed he would like it ... no correction love it! We made small talk and got directly to dinner, which we ate in comfortable silence with a few smart comments here and there but mostly with long glances and knowing smiles. It was very pleasant and incredibly arousing. I wasn't sure if he was as turned on as I was but by the time we were ready for dessert I thought my body was on fire with need. I began to clear the dishes and go into the kitchen to get ready for the surprise. \"Do you want any help with those?\" he called out to my retreating form. \"I'll call you if I do,\" I trailed off, not looking back as I hurried into the kitchen. I quickly put all the dishes in the dishwasher and then laid out the plush black blanket I had previously stowed in the pantry across the cool tile floor, then set about lighting candles on the counter top, once it all looked perfect I then took out the chocolate and strawberry syrups, whipped cream and fruit from the refrigerator. Finally I stripped down naked, folding my clothes and neatly stowing them in the pantry, before lying down on the blanket and then reaching for the chocolate syrup first. I opened my pussy lips carefully and generously let the chocolate drizzle directly into my hole until it was overflowing, I shivered with the coolness but the adrenaline and daydream flashes in my head made me press on. I then plucked up a fat juicy strawberry that looked ripe, sweet and rather large and proceeded to plunge it in the chocolate and fill my hole, I left it there as the chocolate oozed out around it, slightly warm now from my natural temperature generated by my body in that area. I then picked up the chocolate again and dropped a dollop directly on my clit; I flinched and gasped at the contact, almost involuntarily squishing the strawberry in my cunt. I quickly recovered and carefully set a tart maraschino cherry atop my now engorged clit. I then chose the whipped cream and generously applied it around the cherry and down to the strawberry completely covering my shaved pussy lips in the luscious white fluff. Then I took up the strawberry syrup jar and dipped each of my pert nipples into it one at a time making sure the sweet goo completely covered the areolas making them pinker than ever. I finally topped it off with a dot of whipped cream at each tip. I sighed and pushed all the food items to the side against the wall and carefully reclined on one arm letting my hair fall behind me out of the way, while my other arm supported me in front of my tummy for balance, one leg also bent so that the pussy treat was fully exposed also. With that I felt I was ready and finally called out to Josh, \"Hey sexy, I think I'll need a hand with this dessert, can you come in the kitchen please?!\" \"Help coming right... \" he cheerfully began as he entered through the door. \"Up,\" he squeaked finishing the thought as his eyes seemed to pop out of his head and his jaw dropped at the sight of me. He didn't move for a second just kept looking from my tits to my pussy and back again until finally he met my eyes, questioning wonder filled his as a come hither grin lit up my face and a smoldering gaze with a blink gave him silent permission to approach. \"You always said I looked good enough to eat, or that you wanted to know why I'm always so sweet ...\" I huskily quipped. \"Here's your chance, let's have some fun!\" His grin said it all; he quickly chucked off his shoes and socks and stripped out of his shirt before coming closer to me, he laid down beside me, carefully not touching me, but lining up his head with my tits, starting off by a quick dart of the tongue on one nipple. He licked his lips and nodded his approval and went back for more, this time licking in a slow long circle taking all the whipped cream off one nipple before taking my nipple into his hot mouth sucking fully while running his tongue in soft circles about the tip until he finally let it slide from his lips completely clean. \"Yummy baby, you taste so good,\" he moaned to me. \"Here have a taste,\" he invited as he licked his tongue over my other nipple and then brought his mouth to mine to share. I sucked his tongue into my own hot mouth enjoying the sweetness of the strawberry and whipped cream, but mostly reveling in the feel of his tongue circling mine. He released my lips only to repeat the process again and again until my other breast was completely clean also. With a final passionate kiss, he bit his bottom lip and smiled up at me as he began to lower his body down the blanket until his face was even with my pussy, he pushed me on my back and spread my legs wide so that he had full access to the beautiful \"sundae\" before him. He picked off the cherry first, pulling it up by the stem and dropping it into my mouth to keep me busy while he went back for his first real taste of me. His tongue met my clit, lapping at it from bottom to top, slowly at first and then faster and faster. I had finished my cherry and was moaning now, squirming slightly knowing the strawberry was in danger. He noticed my movement and let up, moving on to the whipped cream, sucking one pussy lip into his mouth at a time, licking each side up and down until he finally had clear view of the top of the buried strawberry. He made a low deep moan at the sight of it and slowly pulled up on it's leaves and with a soft sucking noise it pulled free of my hole, perfectly covered in chocolate that was threatening to drip, he took a large bite of the tip and then passed the rest to me. He watched me suck the rest of it into my hungry mouth while he chewed. I noticed as I glanced down at him that his pants were doing their best impression of a sturdy tent and grinned knowing he was mine for sure tonight. Before I could think of anything else his tongue had found it's way back into my pussy plunging in and out of my hole slurping up chocolate and my own juices, he kept at this for what seemed like hours, I came twice, quickly and forcefully. When he finally stopped he looked up at me slowly licking his lips and said with a hint of sarcasm, \"Everyone is addicted to sugar, and when they find their favorites they can't help but go back for seconds and thirds. This is the best dessert I've ever had, I could eat it all night!\" \"Too bad you just finished,\" I quipped back, pushing him away and beginning to undo his belt and slid down his zipper to release his hard cock from his pants. Soon he was naked before me and lying on his back for me on the blanket. \"My turn,\" I purred in a low sexy tone. I picked up the strawberry syrup and let a large glob slide over his tip and down the shaft before adding chocolate syrup to the mix and finally swirling a stream of whipped cream all the way around it. I topped it off with a cherry, which he somehow kept balanced there while I admired my new favorite dessert. He watched my eyes dart over every inch of him and smiled knowingly. Finally not being able to wait a second longer I plucked the cherry off and gave it to him to eat before leaning down and taking his tip within my lips to suck and swallow, as I carefully ate that inch of him I'd then let another inch slip into my sticky mouth and swallow and suck that goodness cleaning it, until I let another inch in to repeat the process. Ian had grown so hard he seemed to go on forever and by the time I was finished with my cock sundae he was fully down my throat, I licked my tongue back and forth around the bottom looking for any drop of gooeyness I may have missed while slowly letting him slide out of my mouth. When he came out from between my lips with a pop we both gave a little moan and I knew our \"dinner\" was finally over, now it was time for the \"games\" to begin. \"I think we are done with the kitchen,\" I pronounced as I pulled him up to his feet and took him down the hall to my room. The bedspread was already pulled back and the pillows stacked up in the center for me to lean over, and I did just that. Taking my lead he came up behind me and positioned himself at my entrance while reaching around to grasp at my tits and pluck at the nipples. \"Please fuck me Ian,\" I begged, completely serious full of lust and need now. He kissed my neck and pinched my nipple hard as he suddenly thrust forward and entered my sweet hot cunt fully taking me by surprise. I screamed out in pleasure and leaned back into him, his slightly sticky balls slapping my ass. He started a steady pace, in and out, in and out, again and again slamming his hard dick into my willing pussy all the while kissing my back and moaning my name. I came in waves, grabbing at the pillows for support, curling my toes, locking my knees, throwing me head back, moaning and panting yes, yes, yes over and over. He came in short bursts, squishing my tits, pulling me to him, hugging me tight, sucking my earlobe, moaning, until we both were done and collapsed together to the sheets. We cuddled for a while, smiling and kissing each other's noses, cheeks, chin, neck and lips. This was a wonderful evening and my dreams have been filled with such images ever since. He called today and said that he has a few new dessert recipes of his own for us to try ... I can't wait! ","Summary":" My name is Lisa and I had been hanging out with guy named Ian for the past few weeks, and this wasn"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"16 wishes","Author":"adventure boy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8748224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Steve and lean strikes chapter 2 ","Summary":" Steve and lean strikes chapter 2"},{"Movie":"Sixth Sense","Title":"The Sixth Sense Defies","Author":"MooseWoodson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3901111","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Sixth Sense Defies Disclaimer: I do not own this movie and I am not the director. I am just a fanfictioner. Cole kept his eyes closed tightly, doing his best to ignore the brutal scene of a spirit in front of him. To those around him in the cafeteria that where actually paying attention to him, he probably appeared to be in pain. The spirit was on it's stomach on the ground. One leg and one arm gutwrenchingly twisted and bent behind her. She was using her uninjured arm to drag herself toward Cole. Pieces of glass where jutting from her back that had been forced through her from the front. Cole felt a scratching sensation on his shoe. He gasped as he pulled his feet up into the chair, his knees to his chest. Suddenly he felt a hand on his shoulder and a female voice quizzicly call out his name. \"Cole? Are you okay?\" Cole jumped and looked up into the face of one of the loner girls who where nice to him. \" Yea. Sorry, I gotta go...\" Cole stood up quickly, avoiding the space beneath the table. He ran off, his bag trailing loosely behind him. [ Yo! Moose W. here. I 'll have the next bit up soon. Bye!!![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not ownnthis movie and I am not the director. I am just a fanfictioner. (nLein is pronounced like Lane) Chaptern2 As Cole ran from the cafeteria henheaded toward the bathroom. Once inside he set his bag by the sinksnand turned one on. Cupping his hands, he collected some water in hisnpalms and splashed it over his face. He turned the water off and putnhis hands on either side of the sink to support himself. Slowly henlooked up into the mirrorbefore him. He jumped and spun around as hensaw a form in the reflective glass. He sighed as he realized it wasnjust another student, an alive one. He gathered up his bag andnshuffled nervously out into the hall. His lunch period had ended and nthe halls where full of students heading to their next class. Colenquickly stopped by his locker and grabbed his math book. As Cole sat down in math he noticednthe girl from lunch looking over at him with a worried look on hernface. Before the teacher began she threw him a note. Confused, henunfolded it and read her entry. 'Are you okay? What happened at lunchntoday? You looked really scared. Lein' Cole considered making up an excuse.nThen he looked up and saw the sincere look of worry on Lein's face.nCole replyed with, 'Meet me after school on the front steps and I'llnexplain. Just please believe me when I tell you. Cole' He threw the note back as the teachernwas writing on the board. lein read his reply and smiled, she lookednback at him and nodded, then slipped the note into her pocket. Thenrest of the day went by pretty neutral, although Cole was anxiousnabout telling someone his secret... (Gosh, I thought thisnwould be longer... oh well, I think the next one will be, so hang innthere and bear with me. Hope you enjoyed it!)[Chapter 3] Disclaimer:nI do not own this movie and I am not the director. I am just anfanfictioner. Chaptern3 As the bell to signal the end of thenday rang, Cole slowly made his way toward the front of the school. Henwanted to give the other students time to leave before he confrontednLein. He pushed through the doors and saw her sitting on the steps,nwaiting. \"Lein...\" Cole called outnquietly. \"Cole! Um, do you mind if we walknwhile talking? It helps me focus and think.\" Cole nodded, signaling that it was finenwith him. Lein stood up and started walking down the steps as Colenfollowed. She looked up at the sky and grimaced. \"It looks like it's gonna rain.\" Cole looked up silently, noting thendark clouds slowly moving in their direction. \" Ok. I promise to listen and I'llndo my very best to believe you. I really want to get to know younbetter Cole, so I'm willing to hear any crazy story to do justnthat.\" Cole noticed Lein's cheeks tintnslightly at her own words. \"I'm glad, but it is prettyncrazy.\" Lein looked over at him and nodded. \"It began around age 8 or 9. I wasnable to see the ghosts of people, people who needed my help. Atnfirst I was just constantly afraid of them until one, a recentlynpassed child physciatrist. He helped me discover that they needednhelp. These ghosts, they don't know that their dead, but somehow theynknow they need help and they find me. it's been happening for 7 or 8nyears, but recently since my 17th birthday, they've gotten violenternand more gruesome.\" Cole finished and noticed that Lein hadnstopped walking. Cautiously he looked over at her. She lookednsurprised but like she was thinking at the same time. \"Your totally serious right? Yournnot just trying to get a reaction from me?\" She asked. \"No, I'm serious.\" Lein nodded, \" Of course. Your notnthe kind of person to joke like that.\" Lein said this as if tonherself, to reassure herself somehow. \" So do you belive me? I've onlyntold one alive person before and that was my mom.\" Lein had an expression of sincerity onnher face. \"Yes, i believe you. Is that what happened thisnafternoon at lunch? You saw a spirit?\" Cole nodded. Just then itnbegan to rain and lightning and thunder appeared. \"Oh no! It'snraining already! Come on, my house is only 2 blocks away. You canncall your mom from there.\" Lein took off at a swift jog and Colenfollowed. Suddenly after a blocks jog lightning flashed down andnstruck an electricity transformer and sparks burst out and fell tonthe ground. Lein screamed and covered her head. Cole rushed to her tonpush her away from a swinging power line, but he was too slow. Thenline struck him in the back and the current passed through him andninto Lein by his hands on her shoulders. The jolt threw them apartnand Cole graoned from the pain sizzling throughout his body. Before he was sent into completenunconsciousness he heard the voices of people panicing as they rannfrom their homes to check out the commotion. \"Oh my god! Someone call 911! Twonkids have been electricuted!\" After that, Cole heard no more. [ whoohoo!!! chappie 3 is up !! mynhands hurt from typing... oh well hope it's good and I'll be postingnthe next 2 chapters soon. 3 M.W. ","Summary":" The Sixth Sense Defies Disclaimer: I do not own this movie and I am not the director. I am just a f"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Mi ultomo deseo","Author":"alinevamp salvatore","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7152475","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mi ultimo deseo he ahi la ultima vela ,la vela numero 16 ,el ultimo deseo de Abbey Gensen pero... que deseo seria el indicado? era su ultima oportunidad . un viaje,un carro,un novio,destruir a krista,vivir por siempre ;ok no el ultomo era un poco absurdo;y solo tenia hasta las 12:00 pm para pedir su ultimo deseo -vamos Abbeyapurate suspiro para sus adentros. Pero tenia tanto miedo de pedir algo inutil,ya tenia un lindo carro ,la ropa mas linda,la mejorfiesta,ser la mas popular y todo gracias a las velas magicas;hasta ahora habia sido el mejor dia de su vida -ok ya lo tengo Celeste la vio -enserio sonrio y se encojio susu hombros para tratar de adivinar que era -no aun no -dijo abbey asiendo un puchero Trato de pedir algunas ideas a Celeste pero ninguna era del agrado de abbey. Habia esperado tener 16 toda su vida y ahora era el momento , pero no veia lo especial que era como decian ,la edad donde eres mas bonita y especial, todo una señorita , cuando te enamoras etc... Lo penso bien y era un poco ridiculo lo que ella en realidad veia era que las chicas famosas que veia en la tele y revistas tenian 17 , bueno la mayoria, tenian todo , eran altas, de buen cuerpo,cabello sedoso ,largo y brilloso,ropalinda,novios sexys millones de admiradoras ,contratos de peliculas. Pensaba que seria mejor tener 17 un año mas del que ella tenia pero... tendria que esperar un año mas o... tal vez no Agarro la ultima vela y prendio el cerillo locoloco encima de la vela ;la vela prendio ,Abbey la puso enfrente de ella justo enfrente de ella justo enfrente de sus labios para soplarla -yo deseo... depronto un aire muy fuerte bino,haciendo que la vela se apagara antes de que Abbey pidiera su de pedir su deseo otra vez pero ya era tarde, las 12:00 pm ya no podria pedir mas deseos -bueno igual no queria tanto ese deseo -suspiro y penso que hubiera pasado si hubiera pedido su ultimo deseo -Buenoas noches -se despidio Celeste Abbey se quedo sentada en el jardin de su casa observando las velas y pensando que tal vez todo eso fuera solo un sueño ","Summary":" Mi ultimo deseo he ahi la ultima vela ,la vela numero 16 ,el ultimo deseo de Abbey Gensen pero... q"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Remember the Day","Author":"epic.is.what.i.aim.for","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6125396","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey Abby,\" I pause and she turns to face me. \"You remember that day we went to the sandbox? Remember, kindergarten let out for the day and our moms took us to the park?\" She laughs sweetly. \"Oh yes, they kept saying we were too old to be playing in the sandbox but we didn't listen. Good times, good times.\" \"Yeah and then—\" \"It started raining; that's right! Omigosh, I remember that.\" She laughs again. \"You immediately jumped out of the sandbox and I tried to get you to stay.\" \"Yeah and you started smearing wet sand on your face like a three-year-old.\" \"Well, you kept wiping it off like a thirty-year-old.\" She nudges me playfully. \"Uh, you're welcome.\" She shakes her head thoughtfully. \"What made you think of that, anyway?\" I shrug, not really wanting to give details. \"I found an old picture earlier—made me think of it.\" \"Your mom took pictures of us in the sandbox?\" she asks excitedly. \"Yeah,\" I hold the last syllable, downplaying the importance. \"Lemme see! Where is it?\" She jumps out of her seat, staring expectantly. I hesitate but reluctantly stand up next to her. \"It's in the drawer in my bedside table.\" Instantly, she turns and runs up the staircase to my room. And then I realize what I've given her access to. I race up behind her, trying to beat her to it. \"Wait, Abby, don't—\" She's already in my room when I get there. She hasn't opened the drawer yet and I jump in front of it. \"Which drawer is it?\" she asks, looking at the table on the opposite side of my bed. She moves toward it. \"Just don't—I'll get it, okay?\" She gives me a curious look; then puts up her hands in defense. \"Fine, whatever; it's your room.\" I smile weakly. \"Thanks, just, uh, go back downstairs and I'll be down in a minute.\" She appears to give up and walks toward the door. She stops when she reaches the handle and faces me again. \"Jay, what are you hiding? What don't you want me to see?\" I feel like an open book. When did she begin reading me so easily? \"Nothing, it's just, you know, personal stuff—embarrassing stuff. Don't best friends deserve some privacy?\" I give her a nervous smile. It's an almost truth, at least. She puts her hands on her hips. \"It's not your clothes drawer, Jay. I mean, what could you possibly be keeping in a bedside table?\" She laughs thoughtfully, \"Like, like a diary? I wouldn't read it.\" \"It's not a diary.\" \"But it's something.\" \"So?\" \"So, what is it?\" \"Nothing.\" \"You just said it was something.\" I sigh stubbornly. She steps away from the door, closer to me. She has one brow raised and she's made it clear, she won't be leaving until she gets something out of me. \"What. Is. It.\" \"Look, I'll tell you but I don't want everyone to know about this, Abby.\" She scoffs. \"It's not like I plan on telling the entire school.\" \"Not even Krista.\" \"Not even Krista,\" she repeats. Suddenly, her eyes get wide and she thinks she knows something. \"Jay, do you have a crush on Krista?\" I almost laugh. \"Krista? Are you serious?\" I let go of the table I'd been gripping behind my back. She puts her hand up, as she contemplates this. \"No, no, Jay, it makes sense. I can't believe I didn't see it before.\" \"See what? There's nothing to see. I've never liked Krista.\" \"Not true. You were best friends before I moved here. Obviously those feelings grew over time and you've been secretly crushing on her. Of course, you didn't do anything about it because she was the enemy and you didn't want to hurt me.\" \"C'mon Abby!\" I walk to where she stands at the foot of my bed. \"That's ridiculous!\" \"Not it's not, Jay! We're all friends again; you could totally go for it! I heard she broke up with Logan last week.\" She bounces her eyebrows. I put my hands on her shoulders and give her a good shake. \"Would you snap out of it? I don't have a crush on Krista Cook!\" I let her go. \"She has nothing to do with … what's in my drawer.\" She smiles, tongue in cheek and in a flash she's at my bedside table rummaging through it. I sigh and whip around, not trying to stop her. \"Where is it?\" she asks, pulling the drawer all the out and dumping its contents on the bed. \"Yeah, no big deal. I just made my bed today but feel free …\" I say with a shrug. \"Hold on a sec,\" she says lifting up a small, folded piece of paper. I gulp; she found it. Her name is on the front—of course, she would find it. \"What's this?\" she asks, knitting her brows together. \"Nothing, it's just …\" I grope around for a liable excuse, \"a letter I wrote up for your next birthday.\" I snatch it from her hands, almost ripping it in the process. \"Don't read it now! It's supposed to be a surprise.\" I unfold the paper and prepare to satisfy her curiosity with a snippet. I flash it in her direction for good measure and clear my throat. She rolls her eyes, arms crossed, not buying it ... yet. \"Dear Abby,\" I skim over the next few lines but don't read them aloud. \"Happy Birthday?\" Her shoulders drop. \"Jay ...\" \"Look, I wrote this letter for you but you can't read it just yet. I'll give it to you ... when the time is right.\" She smiles and walks over to take my hand in hers. \"Jay, you're the best, y'know that?\" \"Eh, I've heard it once or twice.\" \"Uh-huh. Anyone ever tell you that you're the best boyfriend ?\" \"Ah, now that's a new one.\" \"I think you'll get used to it.\" I put the refolded letter in my back pocket with my free hand. She kisses my cheek; together we walk out of my room and down the stairs. \"So, you're gonna help me clean up that room later ... right?\" ","Summary":" \"Hey Abby,\" I pause and she turns to face me. \"You remember that day we went to the sandbox? Rem"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Gonna Find My Second To None","Author":"charlpeters","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9176258","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just another Echo So it's a Saturday night and Jodie and I are getting ready to go out! \"Jode, you ready?' I shouted, hoping she's hear me over her loud, deafening music. \"Nope! 20 minutes\" Are you actually joking me? 20 minutes?! I've been waiting half an hour already! While I was waiting for her, I took to twitter. Most people were writing about going out… I thought I better not put anything, I don't want actual followers! After another half an hour, Jodie finally walked out of her room; in a blue dress and black Louboutins, to say she looked fabulous would be an understatement. We ordered a taxi and went into Preston town centre. Of all places. This shit hole. We took to Mac's first, we sat in a booth. A fish bowl was first on the menu. A few drinks later and it's safe to say Jodie was slowly becoming more and more drunk, she wasn't off her face; neither was I for that matter but she was getting there. All of a sudden two guys were sat next to us, I won't lie. They were both gorgeous! \"Erm, can I help you?\" I didn't want to be rude and just ignore them; I mean come on… who would? \"Would you two beautiful ladies like a drink?\" The question came from the boy with blue eyes and a read snapback. Jodie was basically drooling over him, I kicked her under the table and she corrected herself. She coughed and she couldn't have been more of a flirt! \"If you're offering\" \"I'll go! Coming?\" this came from the boy sat next to me, he had beautiful brown eyes and a perfect smile. He had a mild Liverpool accent, if he's from Liverpool, why could he come to Preston; of all places. We both got up and headed to the bar. I'm walking to the bar, with a boy I've just met. What?! \"So, what's your name, beautiful?\" as he asked me this, I could feel myself blushing. \"Charlotte, but everyone calls me Charl\" I explained to him \"You?\" \"Thomas, but everyone calls me Tom\" he mocked me, the cheek! The barman approached \"Can I help you?\" He looked over at Tom \"Two pints of Guinness and two vodka, lemon and limes, please.\" How did he know what we wanted? From the table I'm guessing… The bar man bought the drinks over and placed them on the bar; we grabbed two drinks each and walked back to the table. Jodie was getting on quite well with Tom's friend, they we're chatting and laughing about something. No idea what. We put the drinks down and we slid back into the booth. \"So, what are you two gossiping about?\" Tom chuckled to himself \"This and that!\" she looked like she's known this boy her whole life. \"I do believe we haven't been introduced!\" Snapback boy looked at me, \"Hi, I'm Callum!\" \"This is Charlotte, but everyone calls her Charl!\" Tom mocked me again; I laughed and gently tapped his arm. \"Hi Callum\" I smiled at him. We got talking properly and we learnt that the boys that had come and sat next to us, were in a boy band touring the UK; not a big boy band. They were touring to promote themselves; we learnt that there were two more members, Ryan and Tiggz or Jordan. They were doing school and club tours, radio tours and pride events. \"So is this your only night off?\" Jodie asked \"No, we've got until the 23rd off!\" Tom smiled at the thought of three weeks off. \"Where back here then!\" \"What, in Preston?\" I looked at him, they have all that time off and then they're back here? Why have they come so early? \"Yep, we decided to make the most of the P-Town lifestyle!\" As he said this, Callum formed a P with his hand, I couldn't help but laugh. \"And the fact I know my way around so we might as well!\" Tom looked at me whilst taking a sip of his drink. I gave him a confused look; \"I used to come to UNI here!\" that explains it all! \"Why don't you come a long on the 23rd?\" Callum churped up \"Callum, mate! It's an under 18's event!\" we all laughed, except Callum that is. \"You idiot, I meant come in with us! They can meet the other boys and come out with us after?\" I looked at Jodie, it was a good idea, I must say; but do we really take this offer from two boys we've just met? I really don't know. They could be anyone. I woke up the next morning with surprisingly no head ache and a boy sleeping next to me, I moved quickly then I saw it was Tom… wait; I checked under the covers. Phew, I'm wearing my joggers and a tank top and he's wearing his shorts! From what I can see his body is beautiful! How did I manage to get him! I looked at my phone which I'd managed to plug in and I found that it was 1pm. Sweet Jesus! I quietly got out of bed and walked out of the room; bumping into Jodie in the meantime. We just looked at each other sheepishly. \"You have a friend in your bed to?\" Jodie asked me, I just nodded. We walked downstairs and into the living room, I turned to TV on to loose women blurring out. I love the guests that go on that show; they're usually all people I know. I heard somebody come down the stairs and I looked at Jodie. She could see who was there, she made a letter T with her hands and got up and walked into the kitchen. This is a little awkward. Tom came in and sat next to me; \"Hey there!\" I could see him in the corner of my eye, smiling like a geek. I couldn't help but laugh at him. \"Hey, have a good night last night then?\" I couldn't think of a conversation starter, that's the best I could come up with! \"Yeah, you could say that…\" he gave me a smirk. What? What could he possibly be talking about? We were fully dressed when we woke up so it couldn't be anything like that. I looked at him, confusingly. He laughed. He was winding me up, bastard! \"Funny guy!\" I couldn't help but chuckle to myself. My reaction must have been funny! Soon after, Callum walked in looking like what can only be explained as death, warmed up. No offence Cal! \"Where's Jodie?\" he asked. \"Kitchen\" Tom replied. Woah, that boy pays attention! ","Summary":" Just another Echo So it's a Saturday night and Jodie and I are getting ready to go out! \"Jode, you"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Her Final Try","Author":"24QueenMo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6130376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is another short one-shot I made. It's sad and doesn't really have a plot. I never tried this style before, so give me a break if it sucks. Anyway, that's all you need to know. Disclaimer: I don't own anything. She was c-u-t-e She was p*r*e*t*t*y She was b e a u t i f u l She was g~o~r~g~e~o~u~s She just didn't believe it She wanted to believe it She wanted to see that she was cute She wanted to see that she was pretty She wanted to see that she was beautiful She wanted to see that she was gorgeous But it wasn't true in her mind But it was true Everyone knew it But she didn't That's what people can do to you They can make you feel a-w-f-u-l They make you feel h*o*r*r*i*b*l*e They can make you do hideous things It's a dog eats dog world And that's what kind of world she lived in But then he comes Everything is suddenly becoming clearer It's like she saw a light Everything is perfect now But like everything else in her life. . . It doesn't last for long Jay's g~o~n~e now And she's back to a h o r r i b l e life A life that she didn't want A life that somehow had chosen itself She tried to make it better Abby tried a lot of things But like everything else It fails And that's never going to change Stupid much? I don't know, I've just been feeling sad lately and I've been writing sad things. Anywho, leave me a review, but not a flame! Thanks! :) ","Summary":" This is another short one-shot I made. It's sad and doesn't really have a plot. I never tried this "},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Thirteen Wishes","Author":"Radioactiveboy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7856410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How do I describe what happened... magical of course. Maybe words like catastrophic, insane, amazing, delicous, horrible, and great also fit. Let me explain in a little thing I'm gonna call thirteen wishes. First off let me tell you who I am. My name is Connor Lannes thirteen years old in the middle of hillbilly hell also known as Ohio. I live with my grandmother and mother in the country but I was born a city kid in New Orleans, Louisiana before Hurricane Katrina hit and I had to move here when I was eight. Anyways, back to the story. It was my thirteenth birthday that day and I has been dreaming of it since I was a kid. I got up from my small twin bed to go to the bathroom, take a shower, and check the magic three ball. Let me explain that last one. When I was about seven years old I believed in all kinds of magic but I always wanted a magic eight ball. My dad had told me that they wern't really magic but the true magic lied in the lucky number three, and so he gave me the magic three ball. I don't know why but I felt like today something special was going to happen. So, as I was saying I went to the magic three ball and did my usual thing. I picked it up and chose my three questions for the day, like I said three is a lucky number. I looked at the ball \"Magic Three Ball will my birthday be awesome?\" I shook the plastic toy. I looked at the message through the glass and it read Signs point to yes. It looked like I was on a good start. \"Magic Three Ball will I finally get what I deserve?\" I asked before shaking. It read Most Definetly. Great! It looked like today was going to rock! I knew that the thing could only REALLY answer yes or no questions but I thought 'What the heck? Maybe something different will happen.' \"Magic Three Ball what do you think will happen today?\" I asked before shaking expecting an answer that didn't make sense. I looked at the message Magic will happen. I gasped and dropped the toy which for some reason decided to break and spill water all over my floor. I groaned and turned to get a towel only to slip and fall out of my open door onto the tiled floor. I finally got up from the floor only to be bitten by something. I swatted it with my palm and looked at it. \"Hey, that's a misquito!\" I exclaimed. That didn't make sense, it was March! Suddenly I turned to see ALOT of misquito's and I don't think they were happy. Before I did anything I ran back to my room to grab my special list of birthday wishes I had written down from my bed frame almost being eaten by the little vermen. Running down the stairs I hoarded my grandma and mom out of the door. And that's how my morning went. Later a woman named 'Celeste' came by, she said she was an exterminator. She told me the misquitos were so large it looked like they had been populating for over thirteen years before swarming us. So there I was in my pj's not even with a coat standing outside on a dreary day with misquito's infesting my house. After I said my goodbye's to my mom and grandmother I started walking down the road. One thing about my neighborhood you want a ride on the bus you have to walk about a mile down the road. I only stopped in front of my best friend's house. Makenzie. Makenzie had been the only person I knew that actually had a brain in my little town and we were lucky enough to live on the same road. After explaining the series of unfortunate events that had happened at my house she had let me borrow her brother's jacket. The orange letterman's jacket mixed with my purple striped pajamas could not of looked stupider but I guessed it was better than freezing. Right before we walked to the bus stop a truck pulled up, one of those brown delivery trucks you see when you get a package. A girl stepped out that seemed extremly familar. She turned to me \"Connor Lannes?\" She asked me. I blinked at her \"Uh...yah that's me...\" I told her. She squealed in happiness and handed me a brown paper package \"Happy Birthday honey,\" She grinned before hopping back into her truck and driving away fast. I blinked again before shrugging and started to open my package. \"Don't open it!\" Makenzie exclaimed. I jumped and almost dropped the box. \"Why not?\" I asked her not finding any problems. \"Package's are delivered to your house not your bus stop doofus!\" She said. \"Okay Ms. Smarty what's inside of the box.\" I smirked. \"It could be a cobra!\" She insisted. \"Oh, it is not!\" I said before turning back to the still rapped package \"And anyway this is the best thing that's happened to me so far today.\" I slowly unrapped the box from the brown shipping paper eager to find out what amazing, awesome. incredible secret could be inside of the box... ","Summary":" How do I describe what happened... magical of course. Maybe words like catastrophic, insane, amazin"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Give Him Up","Author":"24QueenMo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6133463","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All right, this is my second 16 Wishes fic. It's my first song fic as well, so it kind of lame. Anyway, just read and review. Note: The first person is Jay's POV. Then if there's third POV it's either Abby or Joey. She's crying on the phone Everyday it's the same But she'll never know He's lying He's not alone at the bar, grinding hard with another hoe \"I don't know where he is, Jay!\" Abby wails. \"I'm sorry, Abby, but I don't know where he is, either,\" I tell her. I have a good guess, but I'm not going to tell her. She's been talking on the phone with me for the past hour. It's getting late and she's worried about him. The \"him\" is Joey Lockheart. You know that singer/actor dude who Abby is dating. Yup, that's my life in a nutshell. I'm in love with a girl who is in love with a guy who doesn't love her at all. Confusing much? No. It's really simple. She's just a denying fool. She actually thinks that Joey would love her. Not that I don't think she could get a boyfriend. It's just that I think that he's not her type. \"I—\" She stops talking. I start to wonder why. So wasted He stumbles in Throws the keys on the couch Acting innocent She won't ask Where he's been Just wants a kiss from his lips 'Cause she misses him I can hear someone walking in. I'm guessing it's Joey. I groan inwardly. I was sort of wishing that he wasn't coming home. \"Be right back,\" she whispers, setting down the phone. I can hear them loud and clear, talking. \"Baby, where were you?\" Abby demands. \"You know,\" Joey says, his speech slurred. He was drunk, lovely. (Please note sarcasm.) \"I've just had to work late.\" \"Again?\" \"Yes, Babe, that's how movies work.\" \"I thought you said you had to work at the studio.\" He pauses. Ha, she caught him. \"I did. I'm singing a song in the movie, so I had to go to rehearse,\" he says. That fucker. How dare he? She is so stupid to believe that lie. \"Okay,\" she says. What the hell? How can she just believe that asshole? Why does she give in so quickly is a better question. \"All right, honey, I'm going to bed.\" I hear Joey stomp to their bedroom. She was the moron. Not me. Well, I can be a moron. I was the one who let her slip out of my fingers. After high school, I said I wanted to be a photographer. She wanted to move to New York and work on being a fashion designer. I said I couldn't keep up with that. She said fine. And here we are. Two years later. I don't have a girlfriend. I keep waiting for her to come back to me, but it's too late. I lost my chance. But that doesn't mean I can't try. I gently try to persuade her to come back, but she won't. I hear the footsteps coming towards the phone. \"Hey, Jay, I'm sorry, but I have to run,\" she says, and then hangs up. Damn it. She doesn't even say \"goodbye.\" I guess getting some from a man-whore is more important then me. God, I hate my life. I sit down in my shabby apartment. I hate it here. I crack open a beer and think about what went wrong. All this time It kills me This is the game that plays away He's gonna cheat Night after night Another girl, another drink She doesn't see that she should be with me She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, G-g-g-give him up I feel as if I'm slowly dying. Like someone is stabbing me and I'm bleeding at the puncture wound. I let out a loud cry. That probably broke the usually near silent place I live. I look around. I have to go to bed. It's nearly five in the morning. I shake my head and go to bed. He wakes up To go to work Takes his keys, his CDs And a Gucci shirt He's practiced and well rehearsed Every line by design in the mirror first Joey takes one last glance at Abby while she's sleeping in their bed. How clueless she is. Tonight his usually shenanigans are going to come into play. It goes something like this: He says he has to go to \"work.\" Instead, he goes to the hottest clubs in Hollywood and meets different girls. Always different bars, of course, he couldn't be caught at the same bar twice. That's how he met Abby. She was just your stupid girl who met him. He fucked her; he enjoyed it so much that he wanted to do it again and again, so she moved in with him. Now he likes to think of her as his live-in prostitute. He laughs at that. He shakes his head once more and walks out, not to come back for a while. She's dressed up It's Friday night Sitting home, all alone Hoping he's alright, He calls her, He's working late She's never thought that he's got another dirty date Abby sits quietly and reads a book. Joey just called her to say he's running late again. Maybe that's you have to deal with if you're dating a rockstar-turned-actor. She thinks about her job as a fashion designer. It wasn't going as planed. Maybe she should have stayed home. Maybe she should have stayed with Jay. But she wouldn't have met Joey. Yeah, that's it. Everything is going to work out. She's with her dream boyfriend. Except that she's going to collage to be a librarian. But she could be one back home with Jay. No, Abby , she told herself. You can't think about Jay anymore. He's not part of your life anymore . He's not a part of your life anymore. He's not a part of your life anymore . Those words haunt her. But he's supposed to be. He's supposed to be with her. She looks at the clock. It's nearly eleven. \"Time to go to bed,\" she says aloud. With that, she walks to her bedroom and falls asleep. All this time All this time It kills me This is the game that plays away, He's gonna cheat Night after night, Another girl, another drink She doesn't see that she should be with me She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, She's gotta give him, G-g-g-give him up I can't take this much longer. I call her everyday. I call her every night. Can't she see how much I love her? And if this douche bag really loved her, he would have married her by now. I watch the tabloids. (It's sad, I know.) I see what they see. I know they're usually wrong, but this time they're right. Joey Lockheart is cheating on Abby Jenson. In other sad news, since my job as a photographer isn't working out well, I'm quitting. I just joined the air force today. (They're smarting then the army.) If I die, who cares? I mean, my family's dead. (Car-crash.) I feel dead half the time. So, why not be dead all the time? They say come what may, But I can't seem to get you off my mind, They say come what may, But I can't let you fall for every line They say come what may, But I can't watch while you forgive him, Every-time, Every-time I just have one more thing on my bucket list. It's something that's been nagging at me for years and years. And it's to tell her the truth. See, I've held back my theory of Joey cheating on her. Why? Because I'm not sure it's entirely true. But I've hinted to her she might want to see what \"Mr. Perfect\" is doing. Now I'm going to let her have it. *I*I*I*I* \"My God, Abby!\" I yell. \"Can't you see what I've been trying to tell you the past few years?\" \"Yes, but I don't believe you. Joey would never cheat on me,\" says Abby. \"You're oblivious.\" I shake my head. \"I just wanted to tell you my theory that is probably true. Whatever, you just keep staying with him.\" \"Yes, I will.\" I start to walk out the door, but I hesitate a moment. \"Goodbye, Abby,\" I say and walk out of the room. I don't hear anything, only the dull thuds my footsteps make. This is the game that plays away, He's gonna cheat Night after night, Another girl, another drink She doesn't see that she should be with me, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up, This is the game that plays away He's gonna cheat Night after night Another girl, another drink She doesn't see that she should be with me, She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up She's gotta give him, g-g-give him up She's gotta give him, G-g-g-give him up. Give Him Up by Faber Drive. This is un-edited. Sorry for any mistakes I made. I'll fix them later. 16 Wishes: I love it. Harriet the Spy: It was okay. StarStruck: I hate it! (Please, tell me why.) One last thing, I might continue it if anyone wants a happier ending. (But you have to tell me to get one.)[Chapter 2] So I think I'm going to continue Give Him Up . I just need some time to write the other chapter(s). I have an idea about what I'm going to write. But I'm going to change the name and the summery. So, yeah. Hopefully, I'll have the next chapter up in the next month, but until then . . . 24QueenMo ","Summary":" All right, this is my second 16 Wishes fic. It's my first song fic as well, so it kind of lame. Any"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Vulnerable","Author":"iheartNessa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6367819","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vulnerable East High School April 13, 2010 1:51 PM Troy: I will spend my whole summer with you and no one else. I promise. Gabriella: Ok. You better keep your promise. Troy: Don't worry. I will. Lava Springs June 18, 2010 12:13 PM Gabriella: Hey. Troy: Hey Gabby. Dinner tonight at eight? Gabriella: I don't know.. Troy: Why not? Gabriella: Remember last time? Sharpay is always trying to ruin Something that we plan together. Troy: Not this time. Gabriella: Fine. Golf Course June 18, 2010 2:15 PM Sharpay: So, I was thinking about you participating in the talent show.. Troy: I don't know..maybe. Sharpay: whoever wins gets a record deal! Troy: wooow. Sharpay: you should do it. Since you have a great voice. Troy: thanks. *smiles* At the pool June 18, 2010 8:00 PM Taylor: hey. Gabriella: hey. Taylor: where's Troy? I thought you two had a date tonight. Gabriella: we do. Taylor: he's late? Gabriella: I guess.. but it wasn't like an official date or something. Taylor: all dates are official. Gabriella: I think he'll come. Taylor: I gotta tell you something. Gabriella: I'm listening. Taylor: Troy had \"it\" with Sharpay last night To be continued..[Chapter 2] Vulnerable At the pool June 18, 2010 9:10 PM Gabriella: *sits by the pool* Troy: *jumps in the pool* hey! I'm so sorry I'm late. Gabriella: *stands up* doesn't matter.. *starts to leave* Troy: *catches up to her* Gabby, what's wrong? Gabriella: like you don't know.. Troy: I don't. Please tell me. Gabriella: *sighs* Taylor told me you had \"it\" with Sharpay. Troy: oohh.. Gabriella: yeah. So, is it true? Troy: uuhh- yeah- I'm so sorry. Gabriella: what's wrong with you? Troy: I'm so sorry. Please. One thing led to another. Gabriella: yeah, I know you are. But I can't forgive you. Troy: no, please. It was a mistake- Gabriella: *ignores him and leaves* At the golf course June 19, 2010 1:10 PM Sharpay: what do you mean your leaving? Troy: Did I stutter? Sharpay: You can't! But the talent show and- Troy: too bad. Sharpay: what about me? Troy: what about you? I made a mistake. You can't tell me if I'm staying or not cause I'm not. *leaves* Resturaunt's kitchen June 20, 2010 7:16 PM Chad: hey. What's up? Troy: I-It's Gabriella. She left. I need your help finding her. Chad: call her. Troy: I tried. I went to her house and no one was there. Chad: alright. I'll help. Troy's room June 20, 2010 8:38 PM Mr. Bolton: *comes in* you ok? Troy: *mumbles* no. Mr. Bolton: *gives him the newspaper* Sorry… Troy *looks at it* Daily News Gabriella Montez missing! ","Summary":" Vulnerable East High School April 13, 2010 1:51 PM Troy: I will spend my whole summer with you and "},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"14 Wishes for a New Life","Author":"Leila Alex Michaels","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6367792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 14 Wishes for a New Life! By Leila Michaels Profile: Leila Michaels Age: 13 Birthday: May 25, 1997 Brown hair, blue eyes, Likes: sushi, boys, sports, TV, phone, email, friends Dislikes: Daria & her posse, teachers, sunburn, bugs, camping Dating Status: Nope, Single….for now! Nicknames: Jordan, Lilypad, Alexandra, Alex, Lexi Quote of the Day: A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia School: Plus Preparatory Middle School Friends: Ariella (Cheeto) Andrea (Andy) Isabella (Izzy) Shay (Shay-Shay) Elise (Aqua) Chapter 1 After a long week on a cruise around the Caribbean, chasing my little brother around the sky deck, and making sure I finished everything for school, I was a little happy to be home and as we drove home from the airport, I imagined my new life as and 8th grader. As soon as we got home, I said goodnight to my parents, helped them bring the bags in, and promised to unpack after my first day of school. I jumped into bed and soon drifted off into dreams of Mike and my friends. \"Leila Alexis Michaels! Wake up this instant or you will be late for your first day of school!\" was the first thing I heard when I woke up. When I looked at the clock, it read 8:17 and the bus leaves at 8: 45! I had less than thirty minutes to take a shower, eat breakfast, and get my backpack ready for my first day of 8th grade. As I jumped out of bed, I called to my stepmother, \"I'll be down in just a minute.\" As I air-dry my long brown hair, I pick out my favorite new school outfit, my black beret from a Paris trip, black leggings and a vest, blue converse and a blue tunic, and a blue jean skirt. I adjust my beret and run down the stairs and pack my new backpack with the locker essentials. As I eat my bowl of Frilly Curls, I imagine my new life as an 8th grader. I think about my list of fourteen wishes for my 14th birthday taped on the inside of my closet door. My list goes a little something like this: I want to get the most popular boy, Mike, as my boyfriend A room makeover 5 thousand dollars in cash Be on my favorite radio station Have my song I Do Love You Still recorded Be on my favorite TV show, L.A. Scribes A new phone Be the most popular girl in school Get straight A's all year Make my parents actually understand me To be able to get my permit early and pass To have the best birthday party in the world Have a new laptop Get a sea mist blue porche If each of those things came true, I would have the best life in the world. I thought about my healthy life three weeks ago at sleep away camp. We ate lots of healthy foods, and it tried to help us make good habits. Sure like that would ever happen! My parents sent me lots of candy and snacks. As I finished my Frillys, I heard the old, yellow, rickety bus pull up next to the curb. I said goodbye to my parents, my baby brother, James, and ran outside to the bus to begin a new life as an 8th grader.[Chapter 2] 14 Wishes for a New Life! By Leila Michaels Profile: Leila Michaels Age: 13 Birthday: May 25, 1997 Brown hair, blue eyes, Likes: sushi, boys, sports, TV, phone, email, friends Dislikes: Daria & her posse, teachers, sunburn, bugs, camping Dating Status: Nope, Single….for now! Nicknames: Jordan, Lilypad, Alexandra, Alex, Lexi Quote of the Day: A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia School: Plus Preparatory Middle School Friends: Ariella (Cheeto) Andrea (Andy) Isabella (Izzy) Shay (Shay-Shay) Elise (Aqua) Chapter 1 After a long week on a cruise around the Caribbean, chasing my little brother around the sky deck, and making sure I finished everything for school, I was a little happy to be home and as we drove home from the airport, I imagined my new life as and 8th grader. As soon as we got home, I said goodnight to my parents, helped them bring the bags in, and promised to unpack after my first day of school. I jumped into bed and soon drifted off into dreams of Mike and my friends. \"Leila Alexis Michaels! Wake up this instant or you will be late for your first day of school!\" was the first thing I heard when I woke up. When I looked at the clock, it read 8:17 and the bus leaves at 8: 45! I had less than thirty minutes to take a shower, eat breakfast, and get my backpack ready for my first day of 8th grade. As I jumped out of bed, I called to my stepmother, \"I'll be down in just a minute.\" As I air-dry my long brown hair, I pick out my favorite new school outfit, my black beret from a Paris trip, black leggings and a vest, blue converse and a blue tunic, and a blue jean skirt. I adjust my beret and run down the stairs and pack my new backpack with the locker essentials. As I eat my bowl of Frilly Curls, I imagine my new life as an 8th grader. I think about my list of fourteen wishes for my 14th birthday taped on the inside of my closet door. My list goes a little something like this: I want to get the most popular boy, Mike, as my boyfriend A room makeover 5 thousand dollars in cash Be on my favorite radio station Have my song I Do Love You Still recorded Be on my favorite TV show, L.A. Scribes A new phone Be the most popular girl in school Get straight A's all year Make my parents actually understand me To be able to get my permit early and pass To have the best birthday party in the world Have a new laptop Get a sea mist blue porche If each of those things came true, I would have the best life in the world. I thought about my healthy life three weeks ago at sleep away camp. We ate lots of healthy foods, and it tried to help us make good habits. Sure like that would ever happen! My parents sent me lots of candy and snacks. As I finished my Frillys, I heard the old, yellow, rickety bus pull up next to the curb. I said goodbye to my parents, my baby brother, James, and ran outside to the bus to begin a new life as an 8th grader. Chapter 2 As I soon as I got on the bus, I was immediately welcomed by my hoard of friends. Cheeto (Ariella), blond hair curled and fluffy as usual, Andy (Andrea) her brown hair straight and smelling of her watermelon shampoo, Izzy (Isabella) with her flame red hair, Shay-Shay (Shay) and her black hair with big hats, and Elise (Aqua) with her blue hair from 6th grade all welcomed me with a peppy, \"Hey, Leila!\" After we took our seats, we all started commenting on our beginning of school outfits, the summer gossips, and what classes we were taking. \"So Cheeto, did you and Mason go out on a date?\" I ask anxiously. \"Yes! We have been going out on weekly dates since like June 14th.\" Ariella says excitedly. When we finally pull up to school, we get off the bus and do our lucky cheer in unison,\" We are cute, smart, cool and have lots of fun! This year will be the best and we will always be together.\" As we turn around, I can tell our luck has started. We see the dark haired jock that we have all been lusting after since 4th grade. That boy is Mike Daniels, twin brother to the evil queen, Daria. Like always, Daria is next to him with her posse following behind them. Daria and her look-alikes all have sleek blonde hair, baby doll faces, and the newest designer clothes. They all went to Plus Prep by paying not by scholarship, unlike my friends and I. As Daria saw us and started snickering with her robots, she turned toward us and approached. She look at each of us and says evilly,\" Look what the cat dragged in. You all need to go back to Goodwill and return your outfits like your scholarships. This is my school so I decide what is cool or not and you all are not cool. I can't wait till high school so I can make your lives miserable in front of the entire high school, but I have one more year. See you in class.\" As we all glare after her, Mike gives us a sympathetical look as he walks beside her. Even if his sister is horrible, Mike is like one of the nicest boys in school. As we head up to the school to get ready for homeroom, we each hug and promise each other that we will sit together at lunch and that nothing will ever come between us.[Chapter 3] 14 Wishes for a New Life! By Leila Michaels Profile: Leila Michaels Age: 13 Birthday: May 25, 1997 Brown hair, blue eyes, Likes: sushi, boys, sports, TV, phone, email, friends Dislikes: Daria & her posse, teachers, sunburn, bugs, camping Dating Status: Nope, Single….for now! Nicknames: Jordan, Lilypad, Alexandra, Alex, Lexi Quote of the Day: A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia School: Plus Preparatory Middle School Friends: Ariella (Cheeto) Andrea (Andy) Isabella (Izzy) Shay (Shay-Shay) Elise (Aqua) Chapter 1 After a long week on a cruise around the Caribbean, chasing my little brother around the sky deck, and making sure I finished everything for school, I was a little happy to be home and as we drove home from the airport, I imagined my new life as and 8th grader. As soon as we got home, I said goodnight to my parents, helped them bring the bags in, and promised to unpack after my first day of school. I jumped into bed and soon drifted off into dreams of Mike and my friends. \"Leila Alexis Michaels! Wake up this instant or you will be late for your first day of school!\" was the first thing I heard when I woke up. When I looked at the clock, it read 8:17 and the bus leaves at 8: 45! I had less than thirty minutes to take a shower, eat breakfast, and get my backpack ready for my first day of 8th grade. As I jumped out of bed, I called to my stepmother, \"I'll be down in just a minute.\" As I air-dry my long brown hair, I pick out my favorite new school outfit, my black beret from a Paris trip, black leggings and a vest, blue converse and a blue tunic, and a blue jean skirt. I adjust my beret and run down the stairs and pack my new backpack with the locker essentials. As I eat my bowl of Frilly Curls, I imagine my new life as an 8th grader. I think about my list of fourteen wishes for my 14th birthday taped on the inside of my closet door. My list goes a little something like this: I want to get the most popular boy, Mike, as my boyfriend A room makeover 5 thousand dollars in cash Be on my favorite radio station Have my song I Do Love You Still recorded Be on my favorite TV show, L.A. Scribes A new phone Be the most popular girl in school Get straight A's all year Make my parents actually understand me To be able to get my permit early and pass To have the best birthday party in the world Have a new laptop Get a sea mist blue porche If each of those things came true, I would have the best life in the world. I thought about my healthy life three weeks ago at sleep away camp. We ate lots of healthy foods, and it tried to help us make good habits. Sure like that would ever happen! My parents sent me lots of candy and snacks. As I finished my Frillys, I heard the old, yellow, rickety bus pull up next to the curb. I said goodbye to my parents, my baby brother, James, and ran outside to the bus to begin a new life as an 8th grader. Chapter 2 As I soon as I got on the bus, I was immediately welcomed by my hoard of friends. Cheeto (Ariella), blond hair curled and fluffy as usual, Andy (Andrea) her brown hair straight and smelling of her watermelon shampoo, Izzy (Isabella) with her flame red hair, Shay-Shay (Shay) and her black hair with big hats, and Elise (Aqua) with her blue hair from 6th grade all welcomed me with a peppy, \"Hey, Leila!\" After we took our seats, we all started commenting on our beginning of school outfits, the summer gossips, and what classes we were taking. \"So Cheeto, did you and Mason go out on a date?\" I ask anxiously. \"Yes! We have been going out on weekly dates since like June 14th.\" Ariella says excitedly. When we finally pull up to school, we get off the bus and do our lucky cheer in unison,\" We are cute, smart, cool and have lots of fun! This year will be the best and we will always be together.\" As we turn around, I can tell our luck has started. We see the dark haired jock that we have all been lusting after since 4th grade. That boy is Mike Daniels, twin brother to the evil queen, Daria. Like always, Daria is next to him with her posse following behind them. Daria and her look-alikes all have sleek blonde hair, baby doll faces, and the newest designer clothes. They all went to Plus Prep by paying not by scholarship, unlike my friends and I. As Daria saw us and started snickering with her robots, she turned toward us and approached. She look at each of us and says evilly,\" Look what the cat dragged in. You all need to go back to Goodwill and return your outfits like your scholarships. This is my school so I decide what is cool or not and you all are not cool. I can't wait till high school so I can make your lives miserable in front of the entire high school, but I have one more year. See you in class.\" As we all glare after her, Mike gives us a sympathetical look as he walks beside her. Even if his sister is horrible, Mike is like one of the nicest boys in school. As we head up to the school to get ready for homeroom, we each hug and promise each other that we will sit together at lunch and that nothing will ever come between us. Chapter 3 As I heaved a heavy sigh as I looked at my schedule, I raced through the hall to Algebra and slid in my desk just as my teacher, Mr. Pennison, started talking. Even though I'm going to the 8th grade, I'm super smart (hence the full scholarship) and I'm taking three AP classes. The best part is that all of my friends are in my classes except for Drama, which is with…MIKE DANIELS! All through Algebra, I was fidgeting and daydreaming. Luckily, all Mr. Pennison lectured about was how hard Algebra was going to be this year. As soon as Algebra ended, I was out of my seat and on my way to the Black Box in Thespian Theatre. Our teacher, Mrs. Williams, is one of my favorite teachers because she doesn't like formality and likes us to call her Serena. When Mrs. Williams called roll, I got out my notepad and pen to pretend to be taking notes. Instead, I was drawing animations all about Mike. I did that the whole class and jolted when the bell drew me back to reality. At lunch, I sat with all of my friends and gossiped about all of the new 8th grade drama. Instead of eating we sat and caught up about our boy crushes or boyfriends and all of our teachers. Lunch seemed like the quickest thing in the world and soon we were all off to our next classes. Soon the day was over and I was back at home, working on homework, unpacking, and chatting with my friends on . When my stepmom and James got home, I was upstairs listening to my iPod and doing homework. Even though my parents have been divorced for two years, it's just weird seeing the Mandy (my stepmom's real name) with my dad. Since she had James it has been even worse because I was an only child that didn't have to worry about having another little person in the house. Mandy came into my room after she put James down for a nap in the guest room. It's been easier to talk to her more than I could my biological mother, because Mandy is like 29 but she looks like she could be 19. She's really pretty, nice, and is not so demanding like mom was. She knows all about Mike, the troubles at school and she even went to Plus Prep when she was in middle school, so she knows all of the teachers. After a couple of hours of talking with Mandy, James woke up and she had to go make dinner and check on him. To be continued… ","Summary":" 14 Wishes for a New Life! By Leila Michaels Profile: Leila Michaels Age: 13 Birthday: May 25, 1997 "},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"Moonlight","Author":"cassie89","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2848381","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author: Cassie89 Summary: Oneshot. The night before the execution. Rating: K+ Pairing(s): Francesca/Casanova Feedback: My first Hungarian-English translation:) Reviews are warmly welcome:) Characters: Francesca Bruni, Giacomo Casanova Betas: None, with I would like to thank my friend, Zsu with whom I saw this funny and smart movie:) Disclaimer, author ' s notes : All rights reserved. Touchstone Pictures A short vignette for fun:) I made a few modifictaion for the English version. Please tell me the mistakes, I know my grammar could do some improvements:) Enjoy! MOONLIGHT ","Summary":" Author: Cassie89 Summary: Oneshot. The night before the execution. Rating: K+ Pairing(s): Francesca"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"The Moth and the Flame","Author":"O.G. Knights","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7881282","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dislcaimer: I do not own Casanova or any other characters from the film(s) that I may use. I do, however, own my OCs. Author's Note: I'll do my best at updating, but I'm getting ready for highschool, so it'll be hard. Sorry. My writing skills may not be the best, as I am an amateur writer and have only written to other stories for The Phantom of the Opera and Lords of Dogtown . XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx The Moth and the Flame Chapter One \"Giacomo Casanova!\" She grimaced at the name. That wretched excuse of a man, running from house to house! That libertine! Adeline had never faced him before, but she knew she disliked him the moment she heard of him. Most of the reason was her sister, Rosabelle. As their parents were not with them anymore, Adeline watched over her younger sister making sure she has a noble and modest suitor. Adeline herself is not married and also at the age of 23; her sister, 19. \"I'm going out, Adeline,\" Rosabelle called to her sister. Adeline sat in the front room in a chair, a book in her hands as her eyes read over the page. She looked up at the sound of her sister. \"No, you're not,\" she argued. She got up and approached Rosabelle. \"A man is coming to see you. There is a chance you and he will become betrothed.\" Rosabelle's eyes lit up. \"Who?\" Adeline shrugged. \"He didn't tell me his name when he wrote.\" She frowned a bit. \"Well, all the same, it makes him that much more interesting.\" A small grin returned to her red lips. \"Please do not get your hopes up,\" Adeline said. \"There is a chance he cannot marry you.\" \"And why would that be?\" \"Rosabelle, mother and father aren't around. I must care for you, and, thus, your betrothed will be approved by me.\" \"Adeline, you've never married! What would you know about a proper husband?\" \"Point taken,\" she muttered. She took a breath and said, \"But, any man unlike that Giacomo Casanova is a good man.\" Rosabelle didn't reply. She only smiled to herself. Adeline studied her sister's face. \"Rosabelle, are you listening to me?\" \"What?\" Soon, she gathered what her sister had said. \"Oh, yes, Adeline.\" Adeline knitted her eyebrows in suspicion. \"You will stay here until he comes.\" Rosabelle scowled at him. Adeline smiled in victory. \"He said at noon he would arrive. And it is barely half past eleven.\" Rosabelle scoffed and lifted the folds of her skirt, climbing up the steps to the second floor of the house. \"Come fetch me if you need me.\" \"Don't worry, I will.\" Adeline returned to her book in the front room. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo There was a knock at the door and Adeline arose to answer it. When she opened the door, there stood a man. He had a rather handsome face and the faintest trace of a grin on his lips. \"Is this the Petruchi home?\" \"Yes,\" Adeline answered. \"And you are?\" \"Gustavo Arieta,\" he answered. He gave a bow. \"I am here to see Rosabelle Petruchi.\" \"Oh…\" Adeline nodded. \"You'll meet her later. Shall we go to the garden for tea?\" \"Very well,\" he said. There was something about him, but Adeline couldn't put her finger on it. He was…familiar. Once they had both settled down in the garden, Adeline spoke up. \"Where are you from?\" \"Sicily,\" 'Gustavo' answered very quickly. She raised her eyebrows at him. \"And what is your real name, Gustavo Arieta ?\" He scoffed. \"What do you mean?\" \"I know that is not your name. I've seen you before, and, due to your wealthy appearance, I would have heard your name before,\" she explained. \"And never in my life have I heard that name.\" He licked his lips in thought and raised his eyebrows. \"I can assure you I do not know what you're talking about.\" \"Do you know Signore Giacomo Casanova?\" She narrowed her eyes, thinking she was on to something. \"Giacomo Casanova…\" He echoed. \"Yes. The philosopher?\" \"No.\" Adeline took a sip of her tea. \"The libertine.\" \"By my eyes, it's the same concept.\" \"Of course it is.\" She looked up at him. \"Because you are Casanova.\" He chuckled. \"And what makes you think that?\" \"I've seen you, I've heard of you and your habits,\" she said firmly. \"Posing as different men to be betrothed to women only to steal their hearts as mere trophies. It disgusts me.\" He smiled a bit. \"You are very intelligent.\" Adeline didn't reply. \"All I ask for is your sister's hand in marriage.\" \"So you can do to her what you've done to other women?\" Adeline kept a steady gaze with him. \"My sister is pure, a virgin, if you will. I will make sure her husband-to-be is worthy of her.\" He scoffed. \"See, one hears of pure Venetian women, when- Never mind…\" \"And why are they only heard of Signore Casanova?\" Casanova laughed. \"Are you accusing me of-\" \"Yes. Very much so. You have a reputation of fornication with every woman in Venice- well, almost every woman.\" He raised his eyebrows at her, waiting to see what else she had to say. \"Can I meet her?\" \"No! I will not let you fraternize with my innocent sister!\" \"May I at least meet her?\" Casanova asked politely. \"I'll go get her…\" Adeline got up and quickly walked to the house. She knocked on Rosabelle's bedroom door. Adeline opened the door and saw Rosabelle watching Casanova from her window. She turned when she heard her sister. \"Adeline!\" \"He wishes to meet you…\" \"Who is he?\" \"Giacomo Casanova, Rosabelle,\" she answered reluctantly. \"I will not lie to you as he did to me.\" \"Oh, Adeline, he's so handsome! I love him already!\" Rosabelle sighed happily and smiled. \"Well, you are not being betrothed to him.\" \"What? Oh, but Adeline, I love him!\" \"Love him? You haven't even met him!\" \"Let me spend but one day with him, and then I will make my choice,\" Rosabelle begged. \"Just one day, that's all I ask.\" Adeline thought. \"One day. But no promises.\" Rosabelle smiled brightly. \"Oh, thank you!\" She rushed out of her room like a racing horse and downstairs to the garden, only to be greeted by a charming Casanova. Adeline watched from the window as he gently kissed her hand as he bowed. She even heard Rosabelle give a flirtatious giggle. She scoffed and walked away from the window. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Author's Note: Did you like Chapter One? Please review, and tell me if anything needs changing! :) ","Summary":" Dislcaimer: I do not own Casanova or any other characters from the film(s) that I may use. I do, ho"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"A Little Marble Angel","Author":"MoonRoseGoddess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3503846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AnLittle Marble Angel A little marble angel, no largernthan child, sits on his marble pedestal. It's raining in thenpark. The leaves are moving with every little droplet of waternthat falls from the heavenly sky, humming softly in the life givingnwater as if whispering secrets to each other in the safety of thennight. The grass below seems to shimmer in the pale moonlightnthat seeps through, disrupted only by the warm wind coming from theneast. Yet that wind had its own plan as it began to breathenharder, almost mercilessly upon the tall trees that just moments agonbasked in its caress and now whimpered against its power andnferocity. The cruel dark clouds above, pulled by the wind,nbegan to cover the only remaining light, making a scared, wet, andnpetrified girl fear for her life even more. This began day quitendifferently. It was sunny with the promise of laughter and ancalling for play as Ana sat peacefully reading her book on the benchnin the park, wearing her favorite yellow tea rose gown and halfnhidden in the shade of the mighty tree behind her. Who knewnthat today's summer day would be so stifling hot, almost unbearablynso. Her eager friends crowded around her as several gentlemenncame to her side, mesmerized once more by her stunning green eyes,nher hidden smile, and long locks of light brown hair neatly pinned tonher head. \"Ana dear\" a sweetnfriend of hers, Peter cooed, as he tried to hastily adjust his tienafter having run in the meadow with everyone else, playing games.n\"You really must join us or you will break the hearts of allnthese gentlemen.\" She smiled, blushing at hisncomplement and seeing the eager and pleading faces of the other youngnmen. All the men smiled at her charmingly, all but one, Arthur. nHe used to seem particularly handsome to her among the others butntheir history together had made their relation far less thannfriendly. They had once been friends, great friends but thatnhad changed. There was a time that they could say anything andneverything to each other but she lost trust in him. He oncenpoured sweet words into her ears, trying to convince her that theynwould marry and many were convinced to that false premonition, yetnher vision became clear once she saw him cornering another girl,nwhispering the same sweet words she loved so dearly. From thatnday on, she felt herself slip away, tearing herself away from hisnembraces and soon enough she finally felt herself relieved of thenburden of caring for someone who would barely blink at the mention ofnher name. No, that day made things too clear and she wasnthanking every god and saint that she had learned that painful truthnand did not have to suffer in her ignorance of his true self. \"Please,\" Peter pouted,nmaking the girls giggle. \"I honestly cannot see us having funnwithout you\" \"Alright,\" Ana laughed,n\"I suppose I must hurry before the women in the whole of London,nstart stampeding here upon seeing you pout in hopes of comfortingnyou.\" \"You're a treasure,\" hensaid giving her a hand. Itnhas been at least two hours of non stop laughter, and this hour'sngame was hide-and-seek. Many of the girls hid behind bushes,ngiggling, uncaring of their messy tresses and dirty satin shoes,nwhile the boys hid behind trees, only Ana ran for the apple tree,nthickly decorated with juicy fruit and leaves, enough to conceal hernfor a long time and she hoped not to be found. Arthur was seeking andnshe preferred to hide. As each of the players werendiscovered, emitting a giggle of excited surprise, Ana could seenArthur's scowl grow with each failure at his inability to find her. nShe sensed his tension and became more determined than ever to remainnwhere she sat, perched on a branch of the tree, just below a birdsnnest. At least 10 minutes later, the search was near completionneveryone was out of hiding, everyone but her. Hernhand delicately pulled back a small branch in order to view theirnattempt at trying to find her, but something else stole hernattention. Walking on the park path, a man of mid-twentiesnheld his black briefcase loosely by two fingers as he enjoyed thensummer sunshine. He briefly paused to look at her friends entrancednin yet another fit of laughter before his eyes found Ana, whonstartled by his gaze, let go of the branch and held onto the treeneven tighter, hoping that this man's gaze just passed her way. nHe smiled, first looking back at her friends and then proceedingnslowly to the tree as if wishing to sit on the bench just below it, anbench where she had left her book. No amount of will couldnhave kept her from watching this man approach. Something about hisnconfidence and mysteriousness seemed to call out to her. Hisnhair was neatly combed, as was the fashion at the time and he wore anvery rich black suit, something she was certain was fit for thenKing's Court and not a park. His slow pace made her hear beatnjust a little faster and in her fear at her unfashionable choice forna hiding place, she started to struggle up, hoping to climb downnbefore he would come close enough to the tree. Her strugglenand the entanglement of her dress on the branch made the branchesnshake and several apples fell down to the soft grass with a thud. \"Hello\"nHe said, the low timber of his voice making her gasp and loose hernbalance. Shenonly gave a breathless exhale as she fell from the tree, her eyesnshut tight as she braced herself for a painful landing, but suddenlynfound herself cushion. Her eyes slowly opened to seenthat man smiling at her, his strong arms holding her tight. \"Arenyou alright?\" He asked, the same voice sending chills down hernspine. Ananopened her mouth to reply but found her voice had failed her fornonce, not a sound came out and she was getting lost in the beauty ofnhis chocolate eyes. It wasn't long before her friends noticednthem and began calling her name, Arthur, running ahead of everyone. \"Ananare you alright?\" He asked, his cold stone gray eyes narrowingnas he appraised the man that held her in his arms and was justnputting her onto the bench. \"Inam fine\" she finally spoke, still looking at her savior. \"Didnhe harm you Ana?\" Arthur asked, his bitter voice lacking anynreal care only the need to have a reassurance of having control. \"What?nNo. He saved me.\" She said and turned back her knight in shiningnarmor \"I am so sorry sir. I hope I didn't cause you any harm bynfalling. I am so embarrassed.\" \"Don'tnbe and you didn't cause me any harm, on the contrary actually. Innever had the pleasure of saving such a beautiful angel before andnwhat might be your name dear angel?\" Ananblushed deeply \"Ana Hall and your's kind sir?\" \"Yes.nDo tell us your name\" Arthur rudely interjected, crossing hisnarms on his chest and barely containing a growl of annoyance. \"SirnDepp,\" her knight in shining armor answered only looking at Ana. \"Andndo you have an name Sir Depp that comes with that title\" Arthurncontinued bitterly. \"Whynyes, Sir Jonathan Depp and would you like to know the rest of mynlineage boy?\" He quickly countered and watched amused as thenpeople around them gasped in recognition of the name. SirnJonathan Depp was a very popular man in London having been called bynthe King himself to attend the parliament meetings. He was anbrilliant lawyer and according to popular rumors, very well off asnwell as popular with women but he had yet to marry. In other words,nhe was the most sought out bachelor and he had his eyes set on AnanHall. Itndidn't take Sir Jonathan Depp very long to avoid the masses thatnsurrounded parliament through the knowledge of the silent streetsnthat most avoided. Today was particularly stressful for him asnhe had been stuck in proceedings for hours, battling old, well-fednmen that only held to their beliefs and didn't dare step out of theirnbeliefs or certainly never consider benefiting anyone other thannthemselves. He had an offer to join some acquaintances inndrinking Cherry and smoking cigars, but he politely excused himselfnand decided to take a walk instead. One thing that living innFrance had taught him was that drinking in moderation was key,neloquence necessary, and stress was best relieved by enjoying naturenand where better but the park that held the statue of a little marblenangel that barely anyone knew of. Little did he know, he wouldnstumble upon a young lady sitting up in a tree and then manage toncatch her before she had fallen. Ananshivered as she reached the little angel that seemed to be blowing ankiss as he sat perched on the marble pedestal, his wings folded bynhis sides. Everything had went wrong after Sir Jonathan Deppnand she had left in each other's company to walk and he proposed tonshow her his favorite statue of the park. They had enjoyedneach other's company and spoke of literature, that is until they justngot to the statue and out of no where Arthur appears, flushed innanger. \"She'snmine\" Arthur growled trying to grab Ana's arm but Sir JonathannDepp managed to quickly hide her behind himself. \"Leavenher be!\" Ana's knight in shining armor replied whispering \"Run!\"nto her but she remained frozen, paralyzed in her fear. \"Shenis mine! I've known her for years, we were friends. Get away fromnher!\" \"YounWERE friends, not anymore!\" \"Stepnaside before I go through you!\" Arthur warned raising his fistnin a fury, trying to punch Sir Jonathan Depp who quickly dodged thenattack and pushed Ana way so she could run away. Shenran with her heart pounding in her ears, her feet never stopping asnshe could still hear Arthur's calls of her name and threats. It hasnbeen three hours since she ran away. She was sure that an hour ago,nArthur stopped searching but now, she was unfortunately lost and itnis raining, a cold rain that had her fingers numb. When thenmoon had disappeared behind the brutal clouds, Ana whimpered oncenmore and wished she had never agreed to play silly games; she shouldnhave just sat peacefully and read. Hernlegs were beginning to give way as she went through yet another patchnof wilderness that led to a clear area that was still shrouded inndarkness, past some prickly bushes that cut her skin, but she barelynfelt her blood drip. This is where she fell to her knees innutter exhaustion and leaned her head against cold marble. Herntired eyes looked up to see the little angel still blowing a kiss andnsmiling and her lips trembled as tears threatened to fall down hernalabaster cheeks once more. A call in the distance and a lightnstopped her crying and gave her a new wave of hope. She triednto call for help but her voice worked, yet it did something. Thenlight was now rushing towards her. When the figure emerged,nthere was a second of fear that it was Arthur, searching for hernstill, but the caped figure bent down to her and removed his coat,nplacing it on her shoulders and picking her up in his arms while thenlittle marble angel held the light that illuminated his features. nIt was Sir Jonathan Depp. \"Younwill be fine\" he muttered. \"Over here!\" He called tonhis own search party. \"I was so worried about you. He triednchasing you and I managed to stop him. Your parents arenworried, I will have one of my men notify them that you are fine andnin my care. You are coming with me. I will care for you andnprotect you and I will never let harm come to you.\" \"Thanknyou…for everything…but how can you be so kind to me when you havenonly just met me?\" \"Inthought it was obvious,\" he smiled at her, carrying her in hisnarms and walking toward the main park path. \"It is like love atnfirst falling…No one should treat you like that and you are toonprecious to me. I ask of you friendship, then love and I willnrespect and love you no matter your choice.\" He smiled warmly atnher and she raised her hand to caress his cheek. ","Summary":" AnLittle Marble Angel A little marble angel, no largernthan child, sits on his marble pedestal. It'"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"One In a Million","Author":"Amratin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12817829","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He looked at her the way he had never looked at anyone else before. She was unique. She was so different. Different from the others. He couldn´t perceive her as an object of desire. He needed her beside him, to smell her scent, to feel her warmth. He needed her to guide him, to show him the way. He had to know her thoughts on every matter. Screw you, Bernardo Guardi. They rose up together by a hot air balloon. Their bodies and their soles went above the city illuminated by a million lights. He loved carnivals so much. They reached the level where the colourful rays of the fireworks exploded. She shone. This scene deserved to last forever. She was the brightest light. A shining star. He was enchanted by her. She was a flame for him and he wanted to come to her as close as it was possible. He wanted to get to the center of her heat, even if he paid his life for it. He wanted to burn with her. He wanted to burn in her. She – passion and temperance, sense and sensibility, tempest and peace, ice and flame, life and death. La stella carissima. Please, forgive my arrogance to write not so good fanfiction to this great movie. Also my English has its faults. But this story was in me for so long. ","Summary":" He looked at her the way he had never looked at anyone else before. She was unique. She was so diff"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"Pursuing Perfection","Author":"Missy Mouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2848346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, myrnfirst (proper) Casanova fic. Rated for obvious reasons. Thernstreets of Venice relaxed under the midnight stars. The canal waterrntwinkled an inky black reflection of the sky above. Long,rnthin, delicately carved gondolas sailed through the liquid sky. Theirrnpassengers giggled and flirted, as the paddles shattered the heavens,rnbefore they rippled and reformed once more. The gondoliers propelledrntheir crafts along the canals with an easiness borne of practice,rnleaning lazily on their oars from time to time, humming briefrnsnatches of song. Venice atrnnight was often as lively as Venice by day, if not more so. Thernballrooms of every stately home were full, and the streets echoed tornthe sounds of chanting voices and merry violins. In thernballrooms, bands struck up tune after tune, drowning out the excitedrncries and chatter of the dancers, and the never-ending rustle ofrnskirts and frock coats. In the cafés and dining halls, glassesrnchimed and cutlery scraped on china plates. The rich surroundedrnthemselves with extravagance after extravagance, feasting onrnperfection and looking all the time at beauty. Even thernpoor were merry, perched on canal sides, downing beer and cheap wine.rnTheir songs, though decidedly more raucous than those of therngondoliers, were no less cheery or uplifting. But nornmatter how much wine they drank, or many dances they danced, no onerncould be as happy or excited as the two young nuns, lying awake inrntheir shared dormitory, reading by candlelight. At least,rnthat was what the Mother Superior assumed they were doing, judging byrnthe occasional giggles and fits of laughter. Probably some modernrnrubbish, by idealistic poets, she decided. The reasonrnthey were doubled was because of an unexpected new member. A tall,rnstocky girl newly arrived from Germany, who spoke no Italian, Latin,rnor any other recognisable language. Many of the girls chuckled as shernwalked past. The Mother Superior felt this rather unkind. There wasrnno reason to laugh at someone if they had not yet been educated. Butrnshe had paired her with Agnella, a very virtuous girl, who was kindrnand gentle, and as her name intimated, pure. Agnellarnwas also beautiful and perhaps not as virtuous as the Mother Superiorrnbelieved. And now not nearly as pure, either. She hadrnalways felt that there must be something better than being a nun, andrnnow she knew what it was. \"Take mernwith you!\" \"Where?\" His voicernwas light, playful. She grinned at him; let him kiss her mouth oncernmore as he leant down to her. \"Whereverrnyou're going of course.\" \"Butrnyour vows?\" It was arnjoke, and she giggled loudly. He smiled again, and her heartrnfluttered. She reached up, and stroked his neck, practicing her newlyrnlearned temptress skills. \"Yourncould rescue me.\" He smiledrnagain. \"Irnalready have.\" With arnfinal light kiss on her forehead, he leant away from her, sitting up,rnand getting off of the bed. It was not the answer she wanted. \"But I'mrnstill here!\" He turnedrnback to her from buckling his belt, and cupped her face in his hand.rnShe quivered expectantly, drawing the covers round herself to add tornthe effect of 'innocent damsel'. \"I havernalready rescued you from a life where you did not know what true lovernwas. Surely that is something not to be ignored?\" Agnellarnpouted. She let the covers dip lower, in a weak attempt at seduction. \"Willrnyou come back for me?\" Once more he leant down to her, andrnwhispered; \"Ofrncourse.\" With arnfinal, though none the less passionate, kiss he threw on his coat,rnand jumped through the open window onto the slates below. Thernmidnight Venice was scurrying past below him. The night was young,rnand he felt the indescribable knowledge that he was in a city filledrnwith women who needed to know how it felt to be truly loved . GiacomornCasanova was a self-confessed philosopher, devoted to the perfectionrnof experience. This included (but was certainly not exclusive to) therndescent of roofs by night. Oncernsafely on the street below, he made a note of his surroundings. Inrnthe house opposite, a very neglected but beautiful young wife, whosernhusband was away on business. Three doors down, a young and energeticrndaughter, equally devoted to the pursuit of perfection as he. And twornstreets away, navigable by boat, was an unmarried sister of a wealthyrnbusinessman, who as yet had spurned all suitors, for mysteriousrnreasons. Needless to say her brother had fitted new locks on thernwindows, and instructed the servants not to let any visitors into thernhouse while he was away. Especially male ones. It was,rnCasanova reflected, a good job the maid in that house (and come tornthink of it the cook and the housekeeper too), were such good friendsrnof his. Whistling a tune half remembered from weeks ago at a ball, hernsauntered across to the house opposite. He smiledrnwarmly as the door opened. The maid behind it blushed red, and shookrnout her hair. The young, beautiful wife could wait her turn. ","Summary":" Ok, myrnfirst (proper) Casanova fic. Rated for obvious reasons. Thernstreets of Venice relaxed unde"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"Carnevale di Venezia","Author":"immaculate amber","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6426002","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carnevale di Venezia As cores valsam pela cidade. Os panos correm pela pele, pelo ar, por você. E a música cheira a diversão. Está ouvindo? Ela não pára. Ela não se importa. Nós também não. Escute isso, meu bem! Gire, beba. É só isso! É só por esta noite! E mais uma, e outra e outra. Não nós veremos mais. Máscaras, se lembra? Sorria, e me beije. Eu vou lembrar-me disso. Quer que lhe diga? Claro!, você é única! Dance, pule. Não fará sentido pela manhã. Tire os sapatos; irei ajudar-lhe com o vestido. Ah, a viela está bem próxima. Mova os quadris. Sim, sim! Você é incrível. Vamos sair daqui, está tão cheio. Há pessoas atuando, quer ver? Troque os pés, caia. E pegue mais vinho. É só isso. Nosso querido Carnaval. Não sei quem és tu, nem você sabes de mim. E terminará deste jeito. Mascarados no Carnaval de Veneza. N/A - Cara, esse é o sexto fandom em português que eu estreio. Porque os pobres são tão abandonados? hey, leitor fantasminha, eu sei que você quer deixar uma review ;) ","Summary":" Carnevale di Venezia As cores valsam pela cidade. Os panos correm pela pele, pelo ar, por você. E a"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"Rule Venezia","Author":"stella8h8chang","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3979575","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author notes: I really hope I've put this in the right Casanova section. Disclaimer: I claim no rights to the BBC production of Casanova, which stars Peter O'Toole and David Tennant. I suppose, strictly speaking, this isn' t fanfiction – it was a creative piece I wrote during my last year of school for the study of \"Revenge Tragedy\". But it was inspired by (and owes A LOT) to the BBC production of \"Casanova\" , where the Revenge theme runs throughout. It borrows the setting and a couple of character traits. And that ugly bald guy in the first episode. There are also many references to our set text, \"The Revenger's Tragedy\" by Tourneur. Look at Venice at midnight. What do you see? Arching bridges, sparling pavements, yawning alleyways and waters lazily lapping away compose the frame for elegant lords and ladies, decked out in silk and lace. A playground of the gods. ","Summary":" Author notes: I really hope I've put this in the right Casanova section. Disclaimer: I claim no rig"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"The Flame","Author":"Missy Mouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2847076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, a veryrnshort drabble type thing. Not much to comment on, but please do! Don'trnbe the moth, be the flame. ","Summary":" Ok, a veryrnshort drabble type thing. Not much to comment on, but please do! Don'trnbe the moth, be"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"Carnivale","Author":"aspirer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2793386","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:rnI own the fact that I love the movie, but that's all. AN: I sawrnthis last night and loved it, but it just struck me that there mustrnbe some important, sentimental reason for Casanova to love Carnivalernas much as he did. So I thought about it, and this is just an idea Irnhad. Hope you like it, and please review! Carnivale.rnEven the word gave him a warm feeling inside. He closed his eyes andrnbreathed in the scent of body paint, wood fires, dusty caravans and arnfaint trace of roses, memories barrelling through his mind as hernremembered his mother. It was her scent. She had loved Carnivale.rnWhen he asked her why, she would simply smile, kiss his nose and tellrnhim he'd understand when he was older. Then she would whisk themrnoff to Carnivale, where Giacomo would sit and eat toffee apples andrnhot bread, watching as his mother performed with her troupe in therntown square, amongst the merchants, performers, flower sellers, and hordes ofrnspectators. Afterwards she would come and sit with him, herrntravelling cloak wrapped around the two of them as they lay on thernroof of the caravan and watched the fireworks. And he would fallrnasleep, under blankets of stars, breathing in her woody, dusty,rnflowery scent mixed with the theatre paint she never bothered tornscrub off entirely. Giacomo opened his eyes, back in the present, 15rnyears after he'd last seen her. And finally, as his hand closedrnaround Francesca's, he understood. His mother had found her onerntrue love at Carnivale. And now, Giacomo realised that for the samernreason, he loved it too. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:rnI own the fact that I love the movie, but that's all. AN: I sawrnthis last night and l"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"Casanova: Magnetic","Author":"DMarEssence","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4471759","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello peeps! I just watched Heath Ledger's Casanova , and it inspired me to write this piece. I don't hate Francesca, but I prefer OCs. Enjoy. BTW, this is kind of an alternate plot to the one in the movie. It conceivably takes place before the movie events. Possible sequel. \"Giacomo! Wait for me! I cannot run as fast!\" Adryanna shouted behind Casanova as he raced up the hill ahead of her. The cloudless, darkening sky allowed the sun to throw her long, lagging shadow onto the grassy path that Adrya was ascending; all her petticoats and overcoats; blues and greys and whites and creams were plumed out beneath her and she felt like a great, flightless bird chasing a rather quick and alluring fox through the underbrush. The sky's flushed pink color mimicked the exertion displayed on her face. \"Surely you cannot be winded already?\" Casanova called out behind, relishing in the wind blowing his sun-bleached blonde hair over his shoulder, beckoning his prey up to their destination at the summit. From where he was standing, Casanova could look out upon the entirety of Venice, just as the sun was setting to a gentle rose color over the buildings. From this one little island that his grandmother used to inhabit (and his mother, before she disappeared), he could get away from all the trivial affections that followed him through the ancient, water-logged streets below. Women left their windows open at night just for a chance to glimpse the famous senior Giacomo Casanova. None were so lucky as Adrya however. Since childhood, the flirtatious and untamable blonde haired rascal known to the rest of Italy as Casanova, had always held Adrya in high esteem. If he were to ever find true love, it would be with someone like her. Why can't it just be her? Casanova asked himself as he allowed the quick, sporadic beating of his heart to calm. No amount of exercise could run Giacomo's heart like when he heard Adrya's laugh, or even the mention of her name. But they were two different people, and she would never be the one for him. Not to mention they'd known each other their whole lives. Casanova always told himself that the love he held for Adrya could never be more than that of a brother for a sister. Adrya, born and bred under strict Catholic traditions would surely see it as heresy to commit such an act of incest, even if he were to propose. But when have I cared about sinning before? \"Carry me?\" Adryanna pleaded with her sinfully azure, sapphire eyes. That simple stare had caused Casanova to do many a questionable task… just to obtain that look of adoration in those ethereal, cerulean orbs. Like a slave to his master's whim, Casanova swept the petite girl off her feet, and allowed a feeling of contentment to wash over him like an irreconcilable typhoon. The object of all his love and affection trusted him to cradle her safely in his arms. The sun is so low, the sky is so clear… do I dare? Taking a seat at the peak of the green, grassy rise with the Venetian duchess in his lap, Giacomo Casanova, the famous incorrigible womanizer, felt a glimmer of doubt creep up in the form of goose bumps on his bare arms. His white tunic was rolled up to his shoulders due to the intense and cruel humidity of Venice's warm, colorful summers. \"Are you cold?\" Adryanna glanced up curiously from her position in front of Casanova, noticing the chill that passed through him only moments ago. She reached up hesitantly and swiped a sweat-damped, blonde curl away from the man above her's unwavering blue eyes. \"No, no… I'm fine. Just a little… troubled at the moment.\" Adryanna's expression saddened. Her highly empathetic nature picked up on Casanova's mood and she immediately found herself wanting to replace it with one that emulated her own joy. \"Trouble you say? One of your many admirers is perhaps evading you? To hard to catch?\" Casanova smiled at her attempts to cheer him up. It was better that she never knew the pain she caused him when they were together like this. She'd never guess she was the reason that he constantly felt unsatisfied. All those other women served only as replacements. Sometimes they shared the same hair as her- silky smooth, brown and luscious… other times it was the creamy, ivory skin or flawless, flushed complexion, her gently sloping curves or the perfect roundness of her breasts. But never had he found someone with a stare as alluring and desirable as the one Adrya possessed. It was hypnotizing in its intensity. She had always been the one. She only had to ask for his unconditional affection, and it would be hers. \"Not exactly,\" Casanova drifted off absent-mindedly. \"It's more like… she's so far ahead, she doesn't know I'm chasing her anymore.\" \"Well, maybe she needs a little hint, to remind her that you're unwilling to give up.\" Adrya chastised herself after the words left her lips. Am I talking about one of Giacomo's faceless lovers… or myself? Adryanna gazed up listlessly into the rising stars and sighed, resting her head comfortably on Casanova's chest. Casanova's eyes flickered down to watch Adrya resting contently beneath him and in a moment of confidence, he gently began to raise one of his hands to her shoulder. Slowly, slowly, gently, gently- When Adrya didn't respond to the palm resting on her forearm, Casanova smiled at his accomplishment. He casually began to grow bolder and bolder, rubbing her arm to her shoulder, back down to her wrist, back up to her neck… Casanova held his breath as he pulled back Adryanna's curtain of dark tawny hair to reveal the pale skin on the nape of her neck. When no objection was heard, he craned his head so that his lips were just barely inches away from her exposed flesh. It was so tempting… Without warning, Adryanna shifted around so that she could examine or perhaps foresee Casanova's next ministrations, and was surprised at what she received. Leaning forward into her chest, Casanova implored on the small Venetian girl a gentle kiss, one that neither of them expected to occur. When he withdrew, Casanova felt guilt add itself to his flood of emotions. \"Adrya! I'm so sor-\" Adryanna interrupted Casanova's unnecessary apology with another soft, butterfly-like kiss. \"I need a bigger hint, I think,\" she flirted, her voice soft and sensual as the night sky darkened to an exuberant violet. The look of surprise that found its way onto Casanova's face was highly amusing to Adrya, but as he leaned in for another kiss, she stopped him… momentarily. \"Are you playing games with me, Giacomo? I cannot stand to be a toy, I cannot tolerate all those others having their way with you if it is me you are seeking… \"I know it is silly of me to desire the most sought after man in all of Venice… but I can't help it. I saw you first,\" Adrya pouted, lifting up her smooth, uncalloused hand to stroke the planes of Casanova's beautiful face. Her touch was covetous, deliberate… taunting. \"It's not a race… besides, you hate games,\" Casanova reminded her, grasping her hand in his free one and planting gentle kisses on the unmarred palm, savoring each delicate, warm section of flesh. After a moment, he was somewhat surprised as one of Adrya's adorable giggle's escaped her lips. \"Just promise me this won't be like when we were twelve and you insisted that we practice kissing,\" Adrya reminisced. Of course, she left out the humiliating part which was that later she found out that the pre-teen Giacomo (still a scamp back then) had only used her to impress Bianca Fortescue down the way. Casanova, noticing her distant expression, realized what she was thinking about. Her eyes had always told him everything he needed to know. Although he was a child back then, Casanova recalled the way Adrya had pretended she didn't know about the incident just so their friendship could remained untainted. That's what she was about- holding things together. Of course, in Adrya's eyes, Casanova was the bridge between them. He was just so magnetic. She didn't seem to care how many women he seduced or slept with or enticed... she was always there. \"You were a much better kisser than Bianca was by far,\" Casanova smiled. His mood was... contagious. A requited moment of silence and satisfaction enveloped the air around the two, Adrya now entwined in Casanova's loose embrace. \"So, what becomes of us now? We've all but confessed ourselves to one another-\" \"Marry me,\" Casanova interrupted, taking Adrya's chin into one of his hands and tilting her face up so that he could read her expression properly. Her utterly flawless eyes couldn't lie. Not to him. Of course, it was that very same look that influenced nearly all his actions when he was around her. If she told him to marry her , he couldn't refuse. \"Giacomo, I-\" \"You don't have to say anything now… just think about it,\" Casanova interrupted yet again, taking Adrya's velvety hand into his own and warming it with a gentle kiss. \"Just think about it,\" he repeated, helping his hopeful fiancé onto her feet as he led her down the path they'd traversed only a few moments before. \"I'm just afraid. Afraid that it'll… end up like kissing practice again. I know it's silly, and I suppose I love and trust you too much to know your methods of seduction, but-\" \"But nothing. Don't talk. Just… think.\" Casanova smoothed Adryanna's gently curled locks affectionately as he spoke. It wasn't surprising that she suspected him of turning on her the moment they were wed, but somehow… he'd have to prove himself to her. Somehow, he'd have to show her that she was the only one he ever saw. It promised to be a long and winding road ahead. For both of them. Lame ending, I know, but I'm a little PMS-y that Casanova fics (especially with Heath gone) aren't a bigger venue. CATS, the musical has a bigger story list. Isn't it sad? DMar ","Summary":" Hello peeps! I just watched Heath Ledger's Casanova , and it inspired me to write this piece. I don"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"Holdfény","Author":"cassie89","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2844335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Holdfény Author: Cassie89 Summary: A kivégzés előtti éjszaka Rating: K+ Pairing(s): Francesca/Casanova Feedback: Első publikált Magyar nyelvű történetem, várok mindenféle kritikát:) Characters: Francesca Bruni, Giacomo Casanova Betas: Most kivételesen nincs. De Zsunak köszönöm, aki végigülte velem a filmet:) Disclaimer: Minden jog fenntartva a Touchstone Pictures-nek. Author's notes: Csak egy szösszenet, talán lesz több, talán nem:) Szeretném a közeljövőben lefordítani angolra, tehát a story: HOLDFÉNY Börtöncella, valahol Velencében „Miért tetted?\" – szólt csendesen egy férfihang. „Mit?\" – felelt rá egy férfiruhába öltözött hölgy, Francesca Bruni. „Miért fedted fel magad? Most mindkettőnket felakasztanak!\" – csattant fel Giacomo Casanova a cella egyik pallóján ülve. „Csak nem gondoltad, hogy hagylak meghalni? Mindazok után, ami történt?\" – vágott vissza a barna hajú szépség. „Én csak védeni próbáltalak...\" „Tudom. – vágott közbe lágyan a lány, – És köszönöm.\" Egy pillanatnyi csönd után a férfi nem állta meg megkérdezni: „Szóval, megbocsátasz?\" „Azt nem mondtam.\" – felelte Francesca tettetett sértődőttséggel, de ajka szegletében nem tudta elrejteni feltörő mosolyát. – „Még szeretnék haragudni rád egy kicsit. Legalább éjfélig.\" Casanova elnyomott egy vigyort. „Értem.\" Egy végtelen pillanatig mindketten hallgattak, majd a lány egy szomorú sóhajjal közelebb húzódott a faülésen és Casanova mellé lekuporodott. Az egykori nőcsábász védelmezően átarolta vállát és egy lágy csókot váltott szerelmével. „Kár, hogy így kell véget érnie.\" – jegyezte meg a férfi rá nem jellemző búskomorsággal. „Szeretlek.\" – suttogta Francesca, majd még közelebb bújt új kedveséhez. „Tudod, hogy szeretlek.\" – felelte Casanova gyengéden. „És a tudat, hogy szerelmeddel halok meg, nagyon sokat jelent nekem, Francesca Bruni.\" A lány csendeben sírni kezdett. Szerelme lágyan csítítgatta, majd mindketten álomba szenderültek. A rácson keresztül beszűrődő halovány holdfény megvilágította a szorosan összeölelkező párt. Éjfélt ütött a harang. FIN ","Summary":" Title : Holdfény Author: Cassie89 Summary: A kivégzés előtti éjszaka Rating: K+ Pairing(s): Frances"},{"Movie":"Casanova","Title":"His girl","Author":"GoonieGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6798486","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A old man sits at a table and dips his pen in ink. His face is withered with old age and his hair is a grisly mess about him though he does not care any more. The days the women flocked to Venice to catch a glimpse of him are long past, yet that does not bother him. 'I have enough stories to last a lifetime and that's all I need' the man thinks as he dips his pen to ink. His body quivers with the chill of the winter that is creeping in, yet his hand never wavers from the parchment before him. He always knew he must write it. The one story that had been nagging at him all these years to write. He had been too young and free to write it after she left. Though she was always there at the back of his mind waiting for her story to be told. He tried to push her out of his mind even though everything in the house reminded him of her. The paintings on the walls Lupo said she painted, the stories Lupo told of her. She never came back for any of her belongings and she didn't need them. Though her room stood as if it never left awaiting the return of it's owner. It was almost as though she never left. He knew now she was a important person in the lives of all the people of Venice. Only one person knew how important she was all along and she ran away with him he thinks to himself. \"I'm sorry I wasn't the one for you Giovanni. I know you loved me, but sometimes you just got to hold your head up high, wipe away the tears, and say she wasn't the one. There will be someone else\" she told him so long ago. \"I never will\" he had replied fearlessly. She had shaken her head vigorously. \"Don't you dare long for anyone from the past. There is a reason why they never made it to your future\" she insisted. \"Promise me Giovanni you'll find someone else. I found mine, promise me you'll find yours\" she had cried grabbing his hand strongly. He nodded not able to look her in the face for the tears clouding his vision. \"You got to admit you have the best occupation you could have for finding that girl\" she had laughed gaily looking behind her to share a look with Giacimo. He had found that woman after twenty years of being Casanova. He never told her of Abigail fore Casanova's heart was a vast ocean. Abigail was a different kind of woman and he still heard whispers in the streets of her. For she was one the town of Venice never forgot. But they had it all wrong. She never seeked to be a great lover like Casanova and contrary to the rumors she never was. She was never a whore as was the rumor paraded in streets for a long while after she left. She was an actress. And a right fine one at that the old man chuckles to himself. She was a funny sarcastic girl that knew someday she would die and she hoped that the world would come to remember her for who she was. She was Abigail Ganstella.[Chapter 2] Author's note: I know it's been a looong time since I updated this but I am ready to post chapters really frequently. So I hope you all start reading and enjoying so that I will be encouraged to continue! So everyone review! \"A Nunnery?!\" I cried jumping up from the table making the table settings to rattle. Lupo settled them instinctively, a bored expression on his face. \"Is there an echo in here Lupo?\" Gicamo asked as he tossed an apple up into the air casually. \"I believe there is. Maybe if I close the window it will help,\" Lupo agreed as he headed to the window and proceeded to close it. \"Not this again! You are not going to ignore me this time! I'm serious Gicamo, this is impossible!\" I cried jumping over the couch, my dress knocking over everything. \"That's what you said about Seniorita Gastuve' if I'm not mistaken,\" Gicamo replied casually as he looked at his nails. \"And Seniorita Lydia and Seniorita Gretchen,\" Lupo started listing names as he stared drearily out the window. \"Lupo, if we wanted to know all the names of the women I have slept with we would have asked.\" \"What about Seniorita Gastuve'? You barely made it out of there alive leaving me to distract her husband!\" I cried. \"And you did a good job at it I might add. Sometimes I think I don't give you enough credit for your acting ability,\" Gicamo laughed remembering what had happened. \"Hmm, I wonder why? Maybe it's cause you don't!\" I yelled, my arms crossed, facing the window. Gicamo smiled, as he realized what he knew would be the key to her heart. He rose out of his chair and headed over to me. \"No, no Gicamo! That's not going to work! Your flattery may work on the other girls but not me! Every time you want to get into some place impossible your 'Oh, Abigail your so lovely! You're the apple of my eye! The song my heart sings!\" I imitated a girly voice that sounded nothing like Giac's but I didn't care. \"Well I'm done with it, Giac! Good day and goodbye Gicamo! Lupo I am getting a flat by myself and you are welcome to visit. The womanizer formally known as Gicamo Casanova is not! And if you do happen to see him please let him know he is the most childish, annoying, and pig headed man in Venice.\" \"And quite possibly the world,\" I finished as I stomped down the stairs. \"She'll be back right? I mean come on getting a flat by herself-\" Gicamo laughed, before he saw Lupo's face. \"God, she was serious wasn't she?\" he grimaced. \"I'm afraid she sounded quite sincere,\" Lupo admitted solemnly. \"Then I guess I have to go after her. I mean it's the right thing to do and all,\" Gicamo admitted as he solemnly took his coat off the hook. \"That sounds like the right thing to do sir,\" Lupo agreed. \"But then again did I really do something wrong? Is the nunnery really an impossible place to get into?\" Gicamo went on as he walked around the flat. Lupo raised his finger to answer but Gicamo was already onto his next sentence. \"I think not! Who is she to say it is impossible? And who's to say those nuns don't deserve some fun every once in a while? I'm sure they get bored having to go to all those masses and be on their knees everyday! I'm really doing everyone a favor!\" \"I'm right, Lupo aren't I?\" \"I don't think it matters who's right at this time Mister Casanova.\" \"And why is that Lupo?\" \"Because if you do not hurry I fear you will lose Abigail, fore she is already past Mr. Kenningston's house and you know-\" \"She had a spat with him and only ever passes his house when she's seriously angry at Giacamo Casanova\" Gicamo finished, talking about himself in third person. \"She does pass by his house quite frequently when you think about it\" Lupo admitted. \"Cancel all Casanova's plans for today Lupo there is a damsel I fear is looking to leave him and never come back\" Gicamo said as he left the room, his cape billowing in the wind. \"Of course Giac-\" Lupo started, but then came to a realization and ran after him down the stairs. \"That means-\" Lupo was cut off by Gicamo's reply. \"That we are canceling the plan. There is a lady's favor I must win back that is much more important than any conquest\" Gicamo continued walking at a fast pace down the stairs. \"Even Mistress Huntington?\" Lupo called after him. Gicamo paused on the last step. \"I'll have to get back to you on that one\" he called up the stairs before exiting the flat. ","Summary":" A old man sits at a table and dips his pen in ink. His face is withered with old age and his hair i"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"A Story From An Introvert","Author":"hdarkness19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11740805","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A story from an introvert prologue Hey, my name is Nicole brandy and I'm an introvert. Now i know what you're thinking What the hell is that? Well if you want the technical version it's an \"a person predominantly concerned with their own thoughts and feelings rather than with external things.\" Sadly what it doesn't tell you is the consequences of being one. Unfortunately, you have to be one to know how it feels. Which means 'i'll have to put you into the mind of an introvert. First things first, your confidence level must drop, like 100%. Most introverts don't have any, mainly because of an incident in the past. Bullying is the main one these days, but looks can have an influence too. Secondly you must dress lower than causal. This means no dresses, no skirts and, no heels. What does this leave, t shirt, pants and my personal fav, converse. So now that your confidence is gone and you have a look that screams depressed, you're ready to begin the third and most important thing, friends. If you think you don't have that many friends, and get worried when you only get hundred likes on Instagram. Well try having your highest be twenty and guys only want to talk to you to get in your pants. Al Adairm high school wasn't any different than any other high school, you had your hot guys , your glamour girls who are past around like a can of soda, the geeks, who's the only excitement of their day is when they accidentally put potassium in a beaker of water and it changes blue. Yet there is an in between, it's called being an Ambivert, these guys can talk to anyone they please and are known as a fun outgoing person but they are also insecure about and base themselves on others opinions. Although in our society we are categorized in only three labels, they can become blurred at times . See, in high schools there are ways you could change your label, I know this because I changed all the time but, I wouldn't say for the better. Yes there was a time when I played one of the popular geeks , which is when I was only socially accepted because the real extroverts talk me into doing all the work. Next we have the glamour wrecks, the girls who are pretty yet to feel that they have to get laid at least once a week or keep the same pant size since freshmen year. This makes them a little bit of both categories, they are insecure (introvert) because they need other opinions to make her feel special and a extrovert because they are actually pretty and still get attention from the popular teens. Luckily I haven't been in that category. Lastly theirs my main category the socially challenge, the teens who the only attention when they make a complete fool of themselves. Granted i have improved since junior year, I've gained friends who actually give a crap about me,and I haven't made a fool of myself since getting taken away in an ambulance. How did I get to where I'm, well before there is a happy ending, there's got to be a tragic beginning. This is my story of an introvert. Chapter 1 freshman year 2012 I walk through a gate to a place filled with judgment and deceit, behind closed gates a whiteboard and graffitied seats I feel lock up with eyes all around, yep, this was my new life and it all starts here high school. \"Alright class let's get down to business.\" A tall, slightly large man comes up the railings that lead into the classroom. This was it I was in high school, a place where I can change for worst or the best, hopefully it's the second one. I walk into the classroom, it's decent size with little tables that are connected to the chair. I decide to sit in the middle, rather than at my old school I sat in the very front to try to lessen the bullying. Nope not this time, this time I'm starting a new lifestyle, one where I'm not just gonna be pushed around. \"Well class, welcome to Al Adarim high school\" he says with a giant warm smile. \"Now this isn't middle school anymore, this is high school and the expectations are going to be at high school level.\" Finally a teacher who actually wants to teach teenagers. Back at my middle school teachers were only there to get union benefits and then retire with a reasonable amount of money. As he preaches his rules and expectations, I look around and observe my new classmates. Instantly I see the distinction between the three categories, to my left there is a guy in the corner with his nose in a book, to my right a girl putting on make up, and right in front of me are some of freshmen football players texting away probably thinking they can pass just because they are on the most important sport Al Adarim has. While I continue to observe, my teacher writes his name on the board. He turns around and says \" Hello, I'm Mr. Will, and I will be your Language Arts 10 teacher.\"After that he tells us a little about himself and explains the bell schedule, it's the same except I have to get up two hours earlier, which is not too bad. Finally the bell rings and I we all rush out the door hoping we won't get lost again , being at the bottom of the food chain, we don't really get a helping hand on where to go and more importantly how to get there. As I walk down the crowded hallways trying not to get trampled by six foot guys walking in the opposite direction, I look for the building marked with the number on my schedule I had got when I went to Freshmen Orientation. I look up and down with a frown on my face, there was a two story building, which meant stairs. Great I think to myself, already trying to predict how many times I'm going to fall on my ass tripping over the steps. I take a breath and start to ascend up the stairs. I make it and find the number on the door that matches the one on my schedule. I open the door and enter into a much bigger classroom then Mr. Will's, their is a sign that says \"SIT ANYWHERE\" in bold letters. I choose to sit in the back with kids who looked somewhat ok to sit by. \"Hello I'm Mr. Yosen, welcome to geometry.\" He says as if math is fun. Now, I'm not that kid that says we don't need math, because we do use it for science and in our economy, but geometry, used in actual regular day jobs, HA! that's just isn't true. I mean maybe for a contractor or something but, a teen who wants to write and help people, is just not necessary. My mind begins to drift when ","Summary":" A story from an introvert prologue Hey, my name is Nicole brandy and I'm an introvert. Now i know w"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Storms and Lightning","Author":"Accidental-Ducky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11674007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kate left Clover when she was eighteen years old, she gave happy smiles to those who expected them, and she wrote on her notepad of the dreams she had. The notepad was her constant companion and Carson had often joked that it was her voice. You see, Kate didn't have a voice of her own, she'd never even spoken gibberish as a toddler. She didn't see the need as she grew older, she had a big brother to do the talking for her. Carson always seemed to know what she was thinking, he'd stick up for her when other kids were cruel, and he'd stay up late at night to write stories for the pictures she drew. Even when she broke her wrist, Carson would keep up the conversation and taught her how to write with her left hand. Carson had been there for her first crush, her first girlfriend, her first breakup; he'd held her when she didn't feel like she could walk another step by herself. But she'd never been by herself until two years ago when he left them all, when he was taken by a single bolt of lightning. It was funny when she thought back on it, funny in a sad way, because they'd always watched the storms together—they'd wrapped themselves up in blankets and watched as the storm turned the sky to violet and then leaden gray, the way the lightning created bright flashes of color. Kate had often drawn the yellow flashes against black, and even now she couldn't help but be fascinated by it all. Storms were violent and beautiful, they brought death and life, and Kate was drawn to the different types. That's how she found herself drawn to Oklahoma, she captured the destruction of tornadoes and the heartwarming scenes of reuniting families. Her drawings and photographs helped her pay for college, to become a photographer for a local nature magazine, and even bought the loft she was standing in. It was early May, the clouds overhead were growing darker and everything looked almost yellow as she stood out on her balcony. With every storm came the sharp reminder that she couldn't call her brother and listen to him describe everything—the way the storm gave him a burst of energy, the crackle of static that caused the hairs on his arms to rise, or the way the cool drops of rain purified everything around them. Kate smiles, setting her sketch pad on the table just inside the loft before moving to the glass and wood banister. Her hands rest on the wood for a moment before she stepped onto the balcony chair and then on the banister, balancing lightly on it. She was suddenly happy for the gymnastics she'd taken in childhood because she was sure she'd fall had she been untrained. She thinks back to a story her brother had written hours before his death, remembering the starting words fondly. She'd drawn a picture of Carson on her copy, a picture of him with his arms outstretched as he flew through the skies. ' Once upon a time, there was a boy who hoped to fly …' She was just a girl who hoped to speak, but they had learned a long time ago that it would never be possible since her vocal chords had never developed properly, the effect of her premature birth. But in that moment, she wasn't the mute photographer, she was just a girl again. She stretches her arms out and turns her face up to the sky, picturing Carson's face as he gave her one of his rare smiles—one that was filled with genuine happiness instead of bitter sarcasm. And with that image in her head, she allowed herself to fall forward, enjoying the way the air felt as it rushed past her. The next day, after she was found, the police did a search of her home in the hopes of finding evidence of a murder or at least a suicide note, but they only found one thing of interest. It was her sketchbook, opened up on the drawing of Carson and Kate against a backdrop of rain and lightning. What caught their attention was the caption she'd put at the bottom, the caption and drawing showcased in the next addition of the magazine just below her obituary. ' Once upon a time, there was a boy who hoped to fly and a girl who hopped to speak. When the boy was struck down, the girl opened her arms and fulfilled her brother's dream for him, but she never expected the impact or the bright flood of crimson that followed .' ","Summary":" Kate left Clover when she was eighteen years old, she gave happy smiles to those who expected them,"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Animal","Author":"ginnamay","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9472341","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Walking through the hallway after school with Scott has always been my favorite part of the day. After everyone has gone home, and there's not a single car in the parking lot, we don't have to pretend. Sometimes we walk down the hallway hand and hand, pretending to be a normal teenaged couple. But sometimes...well. Hormones get the best of us… I pushed Scott into the locker next to us, our bodies pressed together tightly. \"You're an animal Nicholas.\" ","Summary":" Walking through the hallway after school with Scott has always been my favorite part of the day. Af"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Letting You Go","Author":"dwgleek98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9211521","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Warning: tiny bit of language, spoilers, and cannon character death I walked down the hallways of Clover High School, looking as I normally did: slightly confused and holding a cam corder. I walk in my usual daze but not for the same reasons. I'm walking in a strange whirlwind of sadness and confusion. Not my normal confusion though, a different kind. I don't like this kind. I pass the writer's club room and paused in front of the door. I hadn't been inside since I heard that was Carson gone. I don't even think the janitors clean it anymore. I don't know why but I slowly opened the door and made my way inside. I could just see it: Carson looking up from his computer hopefully, maybe thinking I was there to join the writer's club and would look a little disappointed to see it was just me, little old Malerie. I could smell the fresh ink of whatever Carson was printing, maybe new copies of the latest issue of the Chronicle or new fliers to replace the ones hung around school that where covered in insults and profanities. I would ask: \"What are we doing today Carson?\" And he would answer by shrugging and saying: \"Same as everyday I guess Mal.\" Well, I'll be honest, he never really called me Mal. I just always wished he would sometimes cause, you know, Carson said that we're best friends. I walk over to his desk and run a hand over it. I lift it away quickly because I hate the feeling of dust. I was right, the janitors didn't bother to clean this place anymore. I shoved down my disgust and started wiping all the dust from the desk. When the whole room actually looked like another living person had been there in the past month, I sat down at one of the tables and propped my camera up on a couple of dictionaries. I looked around the room and felt for just a second that maybe nothing had changed. But everything had changed. Carson died about a month ago. I kept trying to tell myself that he wasn't dead. He was just gone. He would be back soon and I would show him my newest book which had been stolen from me by some big-name author. He would pretend to believe that I really wrote The Hunger Games . We would print new fliers to replace the ones that had been defaced during the day and I would talk about how we could take over the world using blackmail if we wanted to. It doesn't matter because I know he's dead. I miss him so much. I went to the funeral, I watched all those liars walk up and say how Carson and them were best friends (How dare they steal that title from me?) and how much they would miss him and all that crap. I tried to just sit and listen and not get too upset from all the bullshit that was spewing out of those peoples mouths, but I couldn't take it anymore. So I did exactly what I thought Carson would do in that situation: tell all those hypocrites who Carson Phillips really was. I marched up to the podium that Remy had just stepped down from, wiping what I am convinced were fake tears from her face. I am proud of what I was about to say for Carson. I'm sure he's smiling down on me from heaven...or up at me from hell. He always joked that he didn't know where he was going to end up. I tapped a finger on the microphone, just to be sure it was on so everyone could hear what I was about to say. I cleared my throat and said I in my loudest, clearest speaking voice. \"I hate all of you.\" Silence. My mom was waving at my and motioning to get away from that podium or I was grounded for the rest of my life but I didn't give a shit. I needed to say this. The newspaper reporters in the back were scrambling to get their little tape recorders and catch every word of what I said. \"You're all liars, saying that you care about Carson! None of you cared. You all hated him. Sure he could be annoyingly smart and make you feel like you weren't worth his time of day but you people started hurting him and making him feel like crap before he even started being the sarcastic, witty, mean person that all of you hated.\" I rubbed my eyes subtly, trying to wipe away my tears. Being here at his funeral, talking about what had happened, it just made everything so real. I've always tried my hardest to escape from pain and suffering. That was why I recorded things, so that I could relive every happy moment and skip the bad parts. Speaking of which, where was my camera? Was someone recording this? This could be the single most important thing I've ever had to do in my life and I couldn't re-watch later and reflect on my victory? That's outrageous! Oh well, you can't catch all the special parts of life. That's what was special about them, they only happened once. \"I don't know why you all hated him so much. Was it because he really wanted to go places someday? Or because he wasn't content to just sit back and become like you people? To become like me? Like everyone else in this God damned town? Well I would tell you people to get over it, to let the poor guy be himself but I didn't have the courage to do something like this until it was too late. Carson is dead. I hope you all are happy.\" With that, I step down from the podium and walk out of the chapel quickly, my head held high. Unfortunately, my pride didn't last very long because dd I was outside of the chapel, I allowed myself to break down in tears. I rubbed my watering eyes. Must be all the dust in the classroom, it's making my allergies act up. I walked over to the board and read the familiar words: Carson Phillips, Writer's Club President. He spent his life in this club, in this room. I could still feel his presence here. I don't know what came over me, but I just couldn't stand to anymore. I reached over to grab an eraser and wiped away the words on the board. I instantly regretted it. One of the last parts of Carson, gone. Erased by me. I threw the eraser down. I hated this feeling of hopelessness and confusion and anger. I wanted it all to stop. I wanted Carson back, I never was able to pay him back for everything. I wanted to scream because he wasn't coming back and I would never give him back what I owe him. I wanted to make these feelings stop, tell someone, anyone , about them. I needed to- I stopped, frozen perfectly in place. I knew what to do. \"I have something to write about Carson,\" I whispered. I scrambled over to the table where my camera was. \"I guess I'll start by just by recording everything,\" I started. \"I'll pretend you can hear me, Carson. I know I always kind of annoyed you since I joined writer's club despite not being able to write anything.\" I laughed a little at that. Now he would know why. \"The reason I joined the club was because a few years ago, I was getting picked on by some stupid cheerleaders, I don't know if you remember. They were calling me mean names and everyone else was either ignoring it or encouraging them. You saw too, Carson, except for you didn't just walk by like everyone else, you stopped and told them to knock it off. Then you took my hand and dragged me away. You asked if I was okay and, when I said that I was, you walked away. I remember thinking that I was never really going to talk to you again and it didn't matter. That was until those cheerleaders got some jocks to fill your gym locker with trash and stole your gym clothes so you had to wear really embarrassing clothes from the lost and found. Ever since then I've kind of felt like I owe you. So when you passed out fliers saying that you needed people to join the writer's club, I thought it would be a good idea, even if I couldn't write to save my life. I thought I could keep you company. I thought it might be enough. You let me stay. I always wanted to understand you, to really know you. I pretended to write all those books because than I would be at least trying. I wasn't lying about wanting to be able to write. I actually wanted to learn. Despite you obviously seeing through my lie about writing books, you still allowed me to be part of the club. I knew that could kick people out if you wanted to, but for some reason, you never did that to me. Now, you're gone Carson, and I'll never be able to pay you back. I don't think I've ever been this sad. I still record things on my camera. I told you once that I record everything so that I can fast forward through the sad times and re-watch the happy ones. I think I'll have to fast forward a lot during this time.\" I stopped talking and flipped the screen closed. I wiped the tears from my eyes, I told myself not to cry but the tears didn't stop. After I'd composed myself, I got up and left, leaving my camera behind. I walked down the hallways feeling empty from my lack of camera which had always felt like an extra limb. People were staring at me without my camera but I didn't care. You can't look at life through the lens of a camera, it does things to you. Peace, Love, Chris Colfer Julez ","Summary":" Warning: tiny bit of language, spoilers, and cannon character death I walked down the hallways of C"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"March 15th","Author":"Ninjy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9103802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a one-shot in honor of Carson Phillips death. Which I sadly miss the deadline to, well where I am anyway, some of you still have a couple of hours. Discalimer: I own nothing, except for my OC. I fidget as I straighten my tie; I was never a fan of dressing up, not even for church, but today was kind of important. Combing my hair back one more time, I grabbed my keys, pocketing them, and ran out of the apartment. There were kids out on the street throwing a football around, some flying kites, along with the smell of rain in the air. I better hurry; it could start pouring down anytime soon. Grabbing my bike I road down the road, not really worrying about cars, or any traffic for that matter. My mom and I lived in the small part of town, where not many people looking for a fancy home came to live. It was a bit of a ride, but I made it just as the clouds started to darken. I glance around before finally pulling up to the cemetery. It was vacant, with not a single soul to be seen. It's funny how there are graves here, but I never see any flowers except on the one that says, \"Miss you Johnny you're the best dog ever.\" How pets were put in here too I'll never know. I stop by Ms. Phillips mother's grave first, I probably shouldn't, but someone has to right? I set the bouquet of flowers I bought down on her grave, smiling a bit, before turning around and searching for another grave. I've been here a couple times in the past two years. After I found a reason to be here. It's the one I always visit when I want to get away for a bit, yeah I know it's kind of creepy, but ever since I found the journal I've needed to see him at least once, even if he wasn't here anymore. I spent a while searching for his grave the first time I came here, and when I found it well you could say I didn't feel anything, but regret. Regret that I would never have a chance to meet him, or thank him for his words, because even if he hadn't been around, or I barely knew him… I wanted to thank him for inspiring me. Finally, coming up the tombstone, I knelt down and placed a single #2 pencil on his grave before sitting back, and just gathering my thoughts. What should I say? I sort of talked to him before, but today it just felt different… More important and my words needed to have importance to them... I could wing it I guess… \"Hey Carson,\" I started off simply; good start good start… now what? I fidgeted a bit brushing back my hair before chuckling without much humor. \"Sorry it's just… well I never got all fancy when I came to see you those couple of times, and even before that I just sort of stared…\" I trailed off not really feeling sad… just uneasy I guess... \"Um… I passed all my test this year, except for that one math test… How the hell you kept your GPA at 4.3 I'll never know. And next year I'll be going to Clover High School, and you know I was thinking of joining the Writer's Club, carry on the legacy you know?\" I guess it was kind of silly to expected to hear his voice, but it was just a stone with his name on it. I could feel my eyes start to sting, and just got frustrated. \"I know we never meet hell I wasn't even born when you died which is just so unfair!\" I said fiercely, \"But… I feel I would have hated you if I ever meet you, and at the same time I would have been intrigued, maybe kind of glad! Sure you probably wouldn't know much about me, but you were just-just an inspiration! And I just-!\" \"Casey!\" I jumped at the sudden voice. I turned around and saw my dad holding a single white rose in his hand. I quickly got up and brushed any escaped tears before just standing there. \"Your mom told me you might be here, she saw you leave on your bike.\" I didn't say anything, only shrugged, and kept my eyes on the grave. \"Your suite case is already in the car,\" He said as he came to stand next to me, \"We should get going too, it's gonna be quite a storm tonight.\" I only nodded. We silently stood there, and it's not that I didn't like my dad, I just saw him in a different light I guess. I never understood why mom divorced him when I was two, it wasn't until I read Carson's journal that I understood, dad was still dad just not the one I thought he was. It's easy for kids to hate there parents, it's another thing when you doubt them. Dad didn't really know what to say so he just knelt down placed the flower on Carson's grave brushing away the dirt. We stood there for a while, and it wasn't until the first drops of rain came down did I ask, \"Do you miss him?\" \"Yeah,\" was Dad's simple reply, \"It's been 14 years, but it still feels like just yesterday he was yelling at me.\" I grinned a bit because that's what he would probably be doing. \"What was he like?\" I asked as we turned and headed towards the car. Dad grabbed my bike putting it in the truck as I got into the passenger seat. He came back inside starring the ignition before answering, \"He was loud, rude, but I guess that's all I ever knew... I wasn't always the best person Casey, but I've gotten better since then.\" I only nodded as we drove to his house in silence. 14 years ago, my brother Carson Phillips died when he was struck by a bolt of lightning. Three months after his death I was born. I didn't know about him until I turned 13, and I found his journal. Since then I've learned that my brother's words were true. \"Like having a great idea, life comes at you fast. It hits you and tries to escape and be expressed in any way possible,\" thunder roars out in the distance, \"in a way, it's a lot like,\" followed by a flash of light, \"...lightning.\" So this is my OC Casey Phillips, Carson Phillips younger brother. It nagged at me that the baby would be born not really knowing he had a brother, but I like to think he did in someway. I hope you liked the one-shot enough to leave a review! Catch you arond Motherstruckers! ","Summary":" This is a one-shot in honor of Carson Phillips death. Which I sadly miss the deadline to, well wher"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Blackmail","Author":"MovieBuffStarlet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8821503","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, I've finally seen \"Struck by Lightning\"! It's an intelligent, heartfelt little film and I loved it! I adored the friendship between Malerie and Carson and I love how he seemed to have a soft spot for her, and that she and his grandma were the only ones who seemed to be able to get him to let his guard down. I adore Chris, and I look forward to his multiple film and book projects in the future! On a side note for those who have seen the film/read the book….doesn't Malerie remind you of Brittany from Glee just a little bit? \"Carson?\" \"Hmmm?\" He inquired absent mindedly. \"Are you ticklish?\" What the fuck? Finally wrenched from his thoughts, Carson blinked and slowly turned his head to look at the chubby blonde sitting beside him in the passenger side of his car. The expression on her face was unreadable as she peered at him through her camera lens. This girl was strange and always made random comments, but this one made him especially nervous…because, really, there is only one reason why someone would ask you something like that. \"Nope.\" Carson kept a straight face even a veteran poker player would be proud of. Unimpressed, Malerie set her camcorder down on the dashboard. She smirked at him evilly. \"I don't believe you.\" Carson's blue-grey eyes widened a fraction of an inch. He could feel his heart rate pick up slightly as he briefly considered bolting from the car. \"Oh no . Don't you dare …\" Carson was shaking his head, his voice and expression filled with warning. The boy knew he had a glare that could make most people stop dead in their tracks (he loved using it to get idiots to stop approaching him or to get them to stop talking entirely). So, he tensed up and glared at her as hard as he possibly could, never once taking his eyes off of her as he fumbled blindly for the door handle…he hoped that he could \"freeze her\" with his gaze long enough in order to buy himself a few seconds to get the door open. Unfortunately, this was Malerie he was dealing with….the girl was close to him, they had a soft spot for each other….not to mention, she was immune to his prickly nature. So, the blonde cackled gleefully and, much like a hyper puppy, completely ignored the warning vibes that Carson was sending out. She went in for the attack and, moving faster than he ever thought she could move, pounced on his lean frame. \" Fuck !\" Carson yelled, failing around like a mad person. His foot connected with his steering wheel, cause the horn to honk briefly. He twisted and jerked in his seat, struggling with his half done up seatbelt and still trying to open the door…this last task was difficult, seeing as Malerie had him smushed up against the door. He found it nearly impossible to reach the door handle now…not with her constant assault on his body. Malerie cackled as she continued her attack. \"This is fun! Weeee….\" \"F-for you, maybe!\" Carson stuttered in a strangled voice. He was pretty sure he was fire engine red by now. Seriously, she was SO lucky she was A.) his friend, B.) a girl and C.) a girl with glasses. Had she not been all of these things, Carson was sure he would have kicked her in the face by now. Marlerie's fingers found a particularly sensitive spot on his torso. The reaction was interesting…. \"JESUS FUCKING CHRIST, MAL!\" Carson all but wailed, all composure shattered now. Despite himself, Carson could feel his face contorting into a smile/grimace of sorts, and he began to huff out these strange yelping/laughter noises….that is, when he wasn't screaming out every swear word known to man. His flailing increased tenfold (and he didn't think it was possible)…so much so, that he wondered if his old piece of shit of a car would start to fall apart under the strain. In the back of his mind, he could only imagine just how \"dirty\" a rocking car parked on the side of a road on the outskirts of town would look, and he prayed that no one from town would see them. News of their \"hook-up\" would be all over Clover by tomorrow, if Carson's red face and out of breath composure was anything to go by. Oh joy. \"Motherfuckingcocksuckingfuck goddamshitFUCK!\" Carson's mind, like his body, seemed to be on autopilot now. He couldn't string together coherent sentences anymore. His eyes were tearing up. \"How eloquent of you!\" Malerie teased. \"Mal…STOP! I…can't…fucking… breathe ! I'm gonna…. piss myself !\" Carson managed to gasp out in between gut busting laughter. Malerie's fingers froze. She wrinkled her nose. \"Seriously? Ewww….\" She backed off immediately. Carson sagged in his seat, panting for breath and thanking God that exaggerated figures of speech sometimes sailed over Malerie's head (although, he was sure he would've had she continued.) After a few seconds of downtime so his heart rate could return to normal, Carson gathered enough air in his lungs to speak. \"What the fuck was that for?\" He tried to sound pissed off, but the effect was ruined by his cracking, breathy, embarrassingly high pitched and downright giggly tone…he hardly ever sounds like this. He hates it. Answering him without words, Malerie moved and caused Carson to flinch violently in his seat. Turns out she was just going for her camera. She snatched it off the dashboard and aimed it at him. \"I'm blackmailing you.\" The girl cheerfully replied. Carson groaned. He had created a monster (but at least she learns from the best). He could just imagine how the camera microphone picked up on all of his girly screams and squeals that were high enough to shatter glass. \"What do you want?\" He ran a hand through his thoroughly messy hair and tried to compose himself. \"There is going to be a Rock Horror Picture Show screening at the movie theater downtown and I want you to come with.\" Malerie said. \"It's tonight.\" Carson breathed a sigh of relief. That was all? \"Just as long as I don't have to dress up, I'm fine with that.\" \"Great!\" Malerie flashed him a grin. \"By the way, you have a really cute laugh. I think you should smile more often.\" Malerie, the queen of awkward moments…. \"Promise not to tickle the shit out of me ever again , I'll try…for you.\" Carson smirked at her. An easy silence settled over the two friends as they resumed their earlier activity of tumble weed watching (seriously, this was as exciting as it got in Clover…aside from cow tipping, that is). After a while, Carson spoke up. \"Malerie?\" \"Yeah?\" \"You are so fucking weird.\" Carson chuckled fondly. Malerie grinned. That sort of thing was tossed at her time and time again in the school hallways by the other kids but here, for the first time ever, she took it as a compliment. THE END ","Summary":" A/N: So, I've finally seen \"Struck by Lightning\"! It's an intelligent, heartfelt little film and "},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"No amount of money, Can stop me from loving you","Author":"AriaHozuki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8887111","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alors voila ce One Shot n'a rien a voir avec Glee! C'est un one shot sur le couple Nicholas Forbes & Scott Thomas de Struck By Lightning le film et The Carson Phillips journal de Chris Colfer. - Inutile de préciser que rien ne m'appartient. Tout ça appartient a Mr Colfer héhé- Mais je voulais absolument faire un one shot sur eux parce que ils sont trop mignon et je les ship genre trop mais a mon grand desespoir y a pas encore de fics donc.. Je la met la sachant pas trop ou la placer sorry.. ésperant que ca vous plaise! Laisser une review :) (Pardon d'avance pour les fautes..) Mort. Il était mort. La seul personne qui savait, qui ne saurait jamais d'ailleurs. A propos de moi, de nous. De ça. Carson Phillips. Ne soyons pas hypocrite, ce n'est pas comme si sa mort m'attristait réellement, on a passé des années entre haine et indifférence, l'échelle sociale nous séparant de toute façon. Je devrait même être soulagé, n'est-ce pas? Que mon secret soit vouée au silence a jamais, gardé précieusement dans une tombe sous terre. Quoi que non, c'est rude. Je suis humain, j'ai des sentiments. Sa mort me touche, plus que je n'aurait jamais cru. Il était la seul personne qui savait, la seul qui savait et pourtant ne nous avait pas jugé. Malgré ce qu'il nous a fait subir, rien n'était dans le but de nous nuir, je n'est jamais vu une once de dégoût sur son visage, il a même pu se montrer.. Gentil. Et je devrait probablement bénir le ciel que ce soit lui qui nous ai surpris ce fameux jour. Mais ce sera la première et dernière fois que sa arrive. Je m'appelle Nicholas Forbes. Que dire? Jeune adolescent, riche, bien dans sa peau, populaire.. Pas vraiment a plaindre donc. Jusqu'au jour ou je me suis rendu a l'évidence, a cette putain d'évidence, a cette chose que je ne pouvait pas contrôler, peut importe combien je pouvais essayer. Puis il est entré dans ma vie, et j'ai arrêter d'essayer, pour tenter de suivre le dicton « pour vivre heureux, vivons caché ». Je ne garantit pas l'efficacité cela dit. Cette chose? Je suis Gay. Un jeune, beau et riche adolescent gay vivant à Clovis. CLOVIS. Un petit trou perdu au millieu de nul part, le genre d'endroit qui n'apparaît même pas sur une carte. Le genre d'endroit très conservateur et attaché aux valeurs familiales. Majoritairement- non, - Entièrement homophobe donc. Rien que l'évocation des homosexuels incite a la haine et au dégout – Grand parents, Parents, Enfants.. C'est comme ça que sa fonctionne, c'est une valeur qui se transmet. Le plus dur dans tout ça? Mes parents. Pas compliqué de deviné qu'ils sont homophobes jusqu'à la moêle. Il suffirait qu'il ai vent ce mes penchants pour me desherité et me jeter a la rue sur le champ. Le choix est vite fait n'est-ce pas? Que deviendrais-je si sa arrive hein? Je préfère encore être frappé par la foudre a mon tour. Mais.. Il a fallu qu'il vienne s'en mêler, qu'il entre dans ma vie et chamboule tout ce a quoi je m'accrochait, tout ce que je pensait juste pour mon avenir. Scott Thomas, la personne dont je suis amoureux. - Hey Nicholas. Dit une voix derrière mon dos. La cérémonie est fini, on va quelque part? Je reconnaitrai cette voix entre milles. Je me retourne doucement pour faire face a la personne qui se tient droit devant, un léger sourire flottant sur les lèvres. Ne me voyant pas répondre, sa main se posa délicatement sur mon épaule. Comme il fait toujours quand mes pensées s'égarent. Un frisson prenant possession de mon corps, comme a chaque fois. - Oui. Allons quelque part.. un endroit discret d'accord? Répondis-je tout en croisant son regard. Au cas ou, tu sais.. Je voudrait pas qu'on soit vu.. encore une fois. Son regard s'assombrit. Comme toujours. Il pense que j'ai honte de lui. De nous. Malgré que je m'efforce a lui dire le contraire. Je ne peut pas lui en vouloir de penser ça cependant. Nous marchons dans le silence. Mais pas un silence lourd, le genre de silence apaisant qui te fait sentir comme si tout allait bien se passer, comme si tout était juste dans le monde. Parce que tu marche avec la personne que tu aime et que les mots n'ont même pas besoin d'exister. Le monde n'a pas besoin d'exister. Le vent froid soufflant a travers les arbres, nous décoiffant au passage me faisait le plus grand bien. J'avais cette impression d'enfin pouvoir respirer. Nous arrivions en bas d'un arbre, l'arbre de notre champ. Celui ou nous nous rendions toujours pour avoir un peu d'intimité. C'était beau et calme, et jamais personne ne prenait la peine de s'aventurer par ici. On pouvais juste passez des heures l'un contre l'autre assis dans l'herbe ou contre des arbres. Juste a écouter le bruit du vent ou des oiseaux chantant au dessus de nous. Juste nous deux. Les mains liées comme seul point d'attache, regardant le ciel.. Essayant parfois de trouver des formes aux nuages. C'était stupide, mais ce genre de moment dépourvu de toute pression m'apaisait. C'était ce genre de moment que je chérissait plus que tout au monde. Le silence finit par se briser cela dit, sans pour autant briser la bulle dans laquelle nous étions, juste nous deux. - Dit Nicholas, après tout ce qui s'est passé, je pensais.. Il s'arrêta pour me faire face. Donc je pensait.. Que peut être, on pourrait le dire au lycée.. A propos de nous je veut dire. Honnêtement je suis fatigué d'agir comme je faisait quelque chose de mal ok? Je peut pas supporter de devoir prétendre d'être quelqu'un que je ne suis pas. Il s'arrêta a bout de souffle, étudiant mon expression un air inquiet sur le visage. Adorable. Mais que répondre a ça? - Scott, soufflais-je, exténuée de toujours revenir la dessus. Tu sais ce qu'il en est n'est-ce pas? N'avons nous pas aborder le sujet des milliers de fois? Je ne peut pas d'accord! Tu le sais très bien! Mes parents.. Ils- ils.. balbutiais-je des larmes brouillant ma vue. Tu sais ce qu'il me ferait? Je n'existerais plus! Ou pourrais-je bien aller hein? Sans argent, RIEN! Voyant que je commençais a craquer, il s'approcha doucement et m'entoura dans une étreinte rassurante. Nous étions au millieu d'un champ, loin de tout. Personne ne nous verrais. Me rendant compte du ridicule de ma situation et de la fierté que je venait encore de perdre, je me retirais brusquement, plus que je n'aurait voulu. Il me regarda, m'interrogeant du regard, comme si pleurer devant lui était une chose tout a fait normal. Bordel depuis quand une tel chose était devenu normal? - Ecoute Nicholas, Dit-il en prenant possession de ma main, Je sais tout ça. Mais merde pourquoi tu continue a te voiler la face? Tu crois que tu va pouvoir faire semblant toute ta vie? Et tu oublie un détail dans l'histoire. Tu m'as moi.. Non? J'ai juste.. C'est bon oublie, j'en ai marre. Laissons les chose tel quel et attendons la prochaine fois ou on se fera prendre quand je te ferait une fellation dans les toilettes du lycée. La colère me montait au joue. Comment pouvait-il dire une chose comme ça, comme si c'était rien? Comme s'il souhaitait que ça arrive? - Ah c'est comme ça? Murmurais-je en essayant de garder mon calme. Tu va agir comme ça maintenant? Scott, je pensais vraiment que tu serais celui qui me comprendrait le mieux. Tes parents sont peut être compréhensif mais tout le monde n'a pas cette chance. Souviens toi la peur que tu avait avant de leur annoncer. - Ok, ok fais comme tu veut. Mais je resterais pas ton sale petit secret pour toujours, je mérite mieux que ça. Souffla t-il, agaçée. Il allait me quitter. Si je faisait rien, il allait me quitter. La seule personne que je n'est jamais aimé allait me quitter, m'abandonner ici avec ces gens qui ne comprennent pas, qui ne comprennent rien. - Scott? Chuchotais-je, peu sûr de moi. Et si.. Si on ne leur disait jamais et que.. Juste on, on partait juste tout les deux, quelque part.. Après le lycée. Vivre ensemble tout ça. Je peut pas te promettre qu'un jour j'irais crier sur tout les toits que j'aime les hommes mais.. Je t'aime toi okay? Et bien que ça me fasse chier y a rien que je puisse faire pour ça. Et je serait prêt a je sais pas..Si on essayai d'entrer dans la même université.. Tu sais avoir un rêve, un peu comme Carson. Un but. Je peut pas supporter de penser que je vais rester piégé ici toute ma vie. Devoir épouser une femme que je n'aimerais pas, élever des enfants. C'est des choses auxquels je m'était résolu.. Mais tu est arrivé et honnêtement je suis plus sur de rien ok? Je peut juste pas supporter la pensée de te perdre, de te voir partir réaliser tes rêves loin de moi, dans les bras d'un autre. Ca me tue plus que je voudrait que ca ne le fasse. Et la je suis juste sur d'une chose c'est que je t'aime. Terminais-je en fermant les yeux, ne voulant pas voir sa réaction. Perdu dans mes pensées encore une fois, encore sous le choc de ce que je venait juste d'avouer a haute voix je ne me rendit pas compte de l'étreinte dans laquelle j'était emporté. Un souffle chaud contre mon cou me fit reprendre conscience. En levant les yeux une vision des plus belle s'offrit a moi. Scott me regardant.. Avec ce regard, ce magnifique regard tendre qu'il avait parfois. Celui qui me rassurait toujours, que peut importe ce qui se passait, peut importe si ma journée craignait tant que ce regard pouvait se poser sur moi, tant que ces bras m'entourait le corps, que ses doigts se mêlais au mien dans une harmonie parfaite.. Tout irais bien. Ce regard qui disait qu'il était la et qu'il le resterai. Un sourire étira mes lèvres sans vraiment m'en rendre compte. Fixant son regard je m'approchai, sentant son souffle chaud de plus en plus près. - Merci.. Chuchota t-il, les yeux embuée par l'émotion. Tu sais pas a quel point j'ai attendu que tu me dise ça. Je-je je t'aime tellement.. J'avait cette impression que j'était juste la pour t'amuser tu vois? Et ca fait putain de mal. Ce jour dans les toilettes.. J'avoue, j'avait juste envie de dire a Carson d'aller le dire, d'ériger un panneau lumineux s'il le fallait. Je voulais juste.. Qu'on sache que tu était mien. Et quand tu m'a parler comme si j'était.. Comme si j'était rien, j'avait tellement mal Et-.. Sentant mes larmes montée je coupit court a sa tirade en écrasant ma bouche contre la sienne, l'embrassant comme si ma vie en dépendait. Parce que ma vie en dépendait. Elle dépendait de cet homme blond devant moi. Approfondissant le baiser, resserrant nos corps, nous étions juste.. Nous. Et ca faisait tellement du bien. Sans faire attention je sentit des larmes tracer leurs route sur mes joues. Je ne sais pas si c'était des larmes de bonheur ou de tristesse ou même de soulagement.. A vrai dire j'en avait rien a faire car l'homme que j'aimais était avec moi, et il allait le rester. Caressant ma joue il chassa mes larmes, tout en souriant contre ma bouche. Mon coeur tambourinai plus qu'il ne devrait. Mettant fin au baiser nos front se posèrent automatiquement l'un contre l'autre. On se fixai en souriant. C'était beau. Je ne voyais pas ce que les gens pouvaient voir de mal la dedans.. C'était juste de l'amour et j'était juste heureux. - Je t'aime. Sussurais-je tendrement. - Je t'aime aussi. Et.. Nous devrions commencer a chercher appartements et universités tu ne pense pas? Ajouta t-il en souriant. L'année est bientôt fini.. Je ris de son empressement enfantin. C'était juste tellement mignon. J'hochai la tête toujours souriant. Ne pouvant juste pas me décoller de la créature qui se dessinai en face de moi, contre moi, qui était a moi. Et pour aussi longtemps qu'il le voudra. - En effet, on devrait. Et on le fera aussitôt qu'on sera chez toi, ok? Répondis-je, carressant la paume de sa main avec mon pouce. On en parlera a tes parents, ils pourront sans doute nous aider. Scott? L'interrogeais-je. Il hocha la tête tout en me fixant intensément. Attendant la suite. - Je suis pressé d'y être. Dis-je en lui volant un baiser. - Moi aussi. Plus que pressé. Murmura t-il en souriant. Nous étions nous. Peut importe ce que nous allions vivre et traverser. Tant qu'a la fin de la journée il soit présent avec moi, les conséquences pouvaient aller se faire foutre. Je ne voit pas ma vie autrement, pas sans lui. Et l'année prochaine, c'est un nouveau cap que nous franchirons.. Ensemble. Avis? j'hésite a ajouter une petite sequel.. devrais-je ? ","Summary":" Alors voila ce One Shot n'a rien a voir avec Glee! C'est un one shot sur le couple Nicholas Forbes "},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Stuck","Author":"carsonists","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8223707","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SBL: Stuck Carson Phillips hated the snow. He'd hated it ever since his freshman year of high school at Clover High. Every year, the students were forced to go on some sort of overnight trip that was supposed to help them bond with the others. It never did, however, and someone always got hurt. That year, it had been Carson. He had been hurt so badly that they canceled the trips indefinitely. Carson was a very different person as a freshman. He wasn't rude, didn't blackmail his peers, and let the others walk all over him. The majority of the school either ignored him or bullied him for his peculiar interest in writing and his abnormal voice. All of this changed in the aftermath of that year's overnight trip. That year, the plan was to go up to a Northern Californian ski resort to teach the kids to ski, seeing as most of them had never seen snow before. Upon arriving, Carson discovered just how cold snow was. He wasn't as good at skiing as he'd hoped, and he fell down quite a few times. Carson had just finished his first trip down the slope without falling and was feeling pretty good about it until Claire glided up to him. He supposed it made sense that she was better at skiing than him (she was a cheerleader, after all), but it still hurt. \"Hey, Carson!\" she said. \"What?\" he asked, trying to sound annoyed. She smirked at his attempt and replied, \"A bunch of the guys just found the most amazing thing in the woods. You should come see it. They said they wanted to show it to you.\" Carson didn't want to hurt her feelings by declining her offer, so he followed after her as fast as his skis could take him to a small clearing in the nearby trees. There were about five jocks in the clearing, a few of whom Carson recognized from being in some of his classes. When they saw him, they all jeered, which confused him, especially since he couldn't see what Claire had said they wanted to show him, so he looked around for Claire, but she'd left. When he turned back around, Carson realized he was surrounded. He started to ask what they wanted, but that was when the first punch was thrown. He didn't know what to do. He wasn't strong enough to fight back without getting hurt even more seeing as the jocks were required to work out at least three times a week, but the most he ever did was go for the occasional run, so he just let their fists fly. As more punches were thrown, Carson's vision started to blur and he tasted blood in his mouth from his now bleeding nose. He was vaguely aware of the jocks shouting insults at him, but then one punch sent him sprawling into the hard, unforgiving ground. The jocks took this opportunity to kick off any skis they were still wearing and start kicking him with their heavy ski boots. Carson was in so much pain, he could hardly think. Suddenly, there was a flash of silver and the left side of his neck exploded in pain. The last thing he saw before he blacked out was the violent warmth melting the snow into wine. When he regained consciousness, he was looking into the dark green eyes of Malerie Baggs, who jumped as their eyes met. Carson didn't know the blonde very well. They'd talked a few times, but it wasn't as if they were friends or anything. So why was she there? \"Carson… Are you okay?\" she asked. Carson tried to reply, but instead he just coughed out blood, no doubt from his nosebleed. Malerie's eyes widened, and she shouted something as loud as she could, which was surprisingly loud. Soon, the first-aid team arrived, and he was moved onto a sled and strapped in before it was tied to some large vehicle and pulled down the hill to the first-aid building. Once there, he was seated on a table and Carson realized just how cold he was. He shivered, and a blanket was draped around his shoulders as the nurses tried to clean him up and wrap something around his still-throbbing neck. All of a sudden, Carson's hearing became muffled, and his vision began to fade. Before he passed out a second time, he faintly heard the sounds of a nurse calling 911. The next few hours were a blur of ambulances, gurneys, waiting, and surgery until finally Carson ended up in a hospital room with eight stitches in his neck. His only thought was how much he wanted to get out of the hospital. How much he wanted to get out and find out what happened to the jocks. Had they been expelled? Suspended? He needed to know. The hour before visitors were allowed gave him time to think seriously about how he wanted to move forward with his life. He couldn't continue to let the popular kids at his school push him around. After all, look where that had got him- stuck in a stuffy hospital room with a whole lot of itchy string in his neck. He would have to change how he acted. He would become more confident and actually say all the rude comments he had always held back before. It might make him mean, but it would show his bullies that he wasn't one to be messed with and that they had to leave him alone. Carson smiled at the thought. By the time visitors were allowed in, Carson had constructed something like a mask for himself. Around the morons at school, he would be rude, arrogant, and most importantly, confident, but at home or around any friends he somehow managed to acquire, he would act pretty much the same as he always did, though with a noticeable increase in the use of sarcasm. This way, there was actually a chance that he could become the editor of the New Yorker like he'd always dreamed, since he wouldn't let anyone push him around anymore. A knock on the door made him look up, and he was surprised to see that not only his parents, but also Malerie had come to visit him. They gathered around his bed, and then the questions began. The three visitors bombarded him with questions about what had happened, so Carson started to tell them, but he hadn't even mentioned the knife when a doctor entered the room and interrupted his story. The visitors turned their attention to the doctor, who began telling them a skewed version of the story he had just been telling, and while it was very clear to Carson that the doctor had gotten this story straight from the jocks, his parents seemed to believe the more responsible adult who clearly knew what he was talking about. Carson was shocked when the doctor didn't even mention the knife. No, according to him, it was a stick that had caused the two-inch gash on the side of his neck. Carson's father finally spoke up and surprised Carson by asking the doctor about the fate of the jocks. \"From what I hear, Mr. Phillips, they got off with a weeklong suspension and a letter to their parents,\" the doctor answered, seeming much more monotonous than Carson thought made sense. The news made Carson angry, but he knew he couldn't do anything about it so he stayed silent. He half expected his parents to get angry about this as they should, but the other more realistic side of him knew they wouldn't, since they didn't even know about the knife and he didn't have the heart to tell them. He knew he should probably react to these things, but he hadn't quite figured out how to make use of his mask, so he just lay there, stuck between versions of himself. Eventually, the doctor left the room, and Carson's parents followed soon after. He was alone in the room with Malerie. She broke the silence. \"So, um, Carson. I have a feeling the doctor wasn't telling the truth about what happened.\" \"No, he wasn't,\" Carson responded before he picked up where he had left off and told Malerie the rest of the story up until when she had showed up. She was shocked, and there was a sad gleam in her eyes that Carson didn't quite understand. The two continued talking for a while, and somehow, in the middle of their conversation, Carson knew they had become friends. As their conversation continued, Carson's mask settled in its place, but rather than being intimidated or put off by his increasing use of sarcasm, Malerie seemed intrigued and was actually laughing at some of his jokes. Carson felt a boost of confidence that lasted him through to his return to school and with his newfound ability to be rude and sarcastic all the time, the jocks left him alone for the most part, and he was finally happy for the first time in years. ","Summary":" SBL: Stuck Carson Phillips hated the snow. He'd hated it ever since his freshman year of high schoo"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Laughter","Author":"MovieBuffStarlet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8915731","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Sorry for the lame title. But I must say, one of my favorite school moments ever is when the whole class-the teacher and the students alike-laugh heartily together about something. It creates a sense of friendliness. I am writing this fic in appreciation of Carson's joke in Government class, because really….a joke that bloody awesome deserves some credit, am I right? I thought it was brilliant. Also, I love the adorable little quirk Carson has about laughing at his own jokes. Well, it's kind of sad if you think about it, because no one at that school is going to laugh with him no matter how clever he is. But I think it's just hilarious when people laugh at their own jokes, for some reason…whether they are lame or clever. It always makes me smile. (Probably because I always laugh at my own lame jokes, but whatever.) \"Can anyone tell me which government was referred to at Camelot?\" The silence that greeted the young teacher was deafening. Carson sat amongst the sea of morons, silently wishing for this lesson to end already. He figured it was redundant to answer the teacher's question. Everyone knew he had all the answers, anyway. Where was Frodo-in-female-form (Remy) when you needed her? Surely she would relish in the act of sucking up to a teacher. \"Clinton?\" Said a stupid voice behind him. Justin Walker, the dopey jock, gave it his best shot. Carson's ears perked up at this, a devious little plan formed in his mind. Oh, this is just too good to pass up…. \"No, that was 'Came-A-Lot' .\" Carson 'corrected' his classmate with a self satisfied little smirk and a dorky chuckle. Unfortunately, none of his peers got the joke…his teacher did , however…and that was not a good thing, judging by his stone faced glare. Carson could hear the metaphoric cricket chirps… Suddenly, the entire class jumped at an obnoxious burst of laughter coming from the back of the classroom. Carson whipped around in his seat to see Malerie hunched over her desk, practically shaking the entire frame with her loud laughter. He couldn't help but grin at how she always had his back. Also, it was a damned good joke, and it was nice to see it get some appreciation. \"Malerie,\" The teacher reprimanded firmly. The girl ignored him, leaning her head onto her desk as she continued to laugh her ass off. Carson bit his lip to keep from joining in. Jeez. It wasn't that funny. Well, okay, it was . But anyway…. Carson couldn't help but chuckle along with her. Laughter was contagious. \"Mr. Phillips!\" The teacher warned. Carson turned to face him, and started laughing harder at his grim expression. He was not amused in the slightest, and this just set Carson off even more. He clamped a hand over his mouth to try to muffle the laughter, but his shoulders shook and his eyes watered. He could feel his face heating up. His head felt like it was about to explode. \"Yes, Mr. *hic*…?\" Carson's eyes widened in mortification as he hiccupped while trying to state the teacher's name. This made him laugh even harder, doubling over his desk in hysterics. He couldn't stop…it was like getting the giggles in church or something. Small titters and giggles began to ripple around the room now. When Malerie snort-laughed much louder than Carson thought possible for a human being, everyone began laughing in earnest then….everyone except for the teacher, that is. Oh, God…I hope Malerie catches this on film! \"All right, that's enough!\" The Humorless Wonder scolded, wanting to rein in his class as quickly as possible before everyone just lost it. \"You two,\" He addressed Carson and Malerie sternly \"See me after class. You both have detention today.\" Carson slumped and Malerie sobered up at his comment. Carson actually welcomed the change…his face literally hurt from smiling and his stomach muscles were aching. He suspected that he had just given himself amazing abs after this. He glanced back apologetically at Malerie, who just shrugged good naturedly as she fixed her crooked glasses. Carson almost began laughing again at the thought of sending detention into a laugh riot at well, but he held it in. After class was over, he met up with Malerie at her desk. \"Hey, I'm sorry I kind of caused you to get detention today…\" He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. \"If getting detention is this much fun, then I need to get in trouble more often.\" Malerie grinned at him without a care in the world. She picked up her camera and focused in on Mr. Bitchy at the front desk. \"Let's go.\" They shuffled their way up to the front of the now empty classroom in order to get their detention slips. Carson likened it to walking up to the guillotine. Suddenly, Malerie grabbed his arm to stop him. \"Oh, my God! Carson!\" She hissed in a hushed yet excited tone. \"What?\" He whispered back at her. \"I think I just got your joke now. Congrats. It was pretty funny!\" She held up a hand for him to high five. Carson stared at her in disbelief before obliging. He smirked to himself as they made their way to the teacher. Malerie always made things more interesting. THE END ","Summary":" A/N: Sorry for the lame title. But I must say, one of my favorite school moments ever is when the w"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"New Beginnings","Author":"StruckkByColfer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8864566","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rating: G Word Count: 523 Spoilers: Nothing major, unless you've been living under a rock and don't know that Carson dies in the movie. Author's Note: The whole Struck By Lightning story is very close to my heart for reasons I don't feel like going into right now. Because of how I relate to the story, ever since finishing the book I couldn't help but wonder what happens to Malerie?\" I'm curious about the other characters, too, but Malerie most of all. So many questions were left unanswered there. The movie helped, but only a little. Because of this, I took it upon myself to expand on that short scene near the end. Malerie hesitated outside of the newspaper room. It had been a week since she had last been in there, not since the afternoon she and Carson packed up all of the issues of the literary magazine to go to his grandma's old age home. She hadn't felt up to going in there since Carson died. Malerie couldn't even remember a time she was in there without Carson. Taking a deep breath, Malerie adjusted her camcorder and held it out at arms length, capturing as much of this moment as she possibly could. She looked directly into the lens before speaking. \"This is Malerie Baggs entering Carson's classroom for the first time without him.\" she narrated. Then, with one swift motion, Malerie turned the knob and walked into the room. She started in the direction of the student desks before thinking otherwise. With her eyes always on the ground and her camcorder always held up, Malerie changed course and headed towards the teacher's desk. Carson's desk. She set her books down and propped her camcorder up so that it was pointing at the blackboard. Then she grabbed the nearest piece of chalk and started writing. The Writers' Club President Carson P. No. Carson wasn't coming back, and he wasn't sentimental. If anything, he was probably looking down on Malerie right now saying \"How fitting, a dead president for a dead club.\" She could picture him rolling his eyes at her. She quickly erased Carson's name and replaced it with her own. Malerie took a step back and admired what she wrote. She couldn't help but smile when she read her name. It may be a self promotion, but becoming the president of the Writers' Club was the first major accomplishment in Malerie's life and for once she actually felt proud of herself. For the first time since entering the room Malerie turned around and faced the class. Like always, the room was empty. She was expecting that. No one ever came to a Writers' Club meeting when Carson was president and, as hated as he was, at least people knew who he was. Malerie was practically invisible to her peers and that certainly wasn't the kind of reputation that would attract new members. Still, just as Carson had done every day after school, Malerie announced the start of the meeting. \"This meeting of the Writers' Club is now in session,\" she began after first adjusting her camcorder to face her. \"I am pleased to announce that we have a new president. With Carson unable to finish his term, I, Malerie Baggs, was happy to take over. I hope to make Carson proud.\" With that, Malerie sat down at Carson's desk and opened her notebook. Pencil in hand, she thought hard, trying to remember everything the old president had taught her. And then, Malerie began writing the first original story she had ever written. \"From the day he was born, Carson Phillips was a dreamer. He worked hard every day to get him closer to what he wanted and wasn't afraid to take risks. Unfortunately for Carson, the odds were against him from day one.\" ","Summary":" Rating: G Word Count: 523 Spoilers: Nothing major, unless you've been living under a rock and don't"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"IT'S OUR LITTLE SECRET","Author":"kitten smitten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10166608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CARSON'S POV I NEVER THOUGHT THAT I'D FINE SOME ONE WHO LIKED ME. BUT I ALSO NEVER THOUGHT THAT IT BE SOME ONE OLDER THAN ME. IT ALL STARTED YESTERDAY. YESTERDAY \"OK SO ALL OF YOUR FOURMS SEEM TO BE IN ORDER\" \"GREAT THANK YOU MS. WELLS\" \"OK SO IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT\" \"NO NOT REALLY\" \"COME ON CARSON\" (GATS UP AND SITS ON THE ARM OF THE COUCH NEXT TO CARSON) \"YOU SURE THERE'S NOTHING WRONG?\" \"YES I AM VERY SURE\" \"OK WELL I-OW!\" \"ARE YOU OK?' \"YEAH ARE YOU?\" \"WELL YOU JUST FELL ON ME AND YOUR AND IS SOME WHERE IT SHOULDN'T THEN YES I'M OK\" \"I'M SO SORRY\" \"CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?\" \"SURE\" \"DO YOU MAYBE WANT TO GO OUT WITH ME?' \"CARSON I CAN'T DO THAT\" \"PLEASE I WILL DO ANYTHING TO BE WITH YOU\" \"CARSON I-I'LL THINK ABOUT IT. I'LL CALL YOU\" \"OK\" BOYS BATHROOM \"HEY CARSON\" \"AHHH! SCOTT DON'T SNEEK UP ON ME LIKE THAT\"' \"SORRY\" \"SO WHAT DO YOU WANT?\" \"I NEED YOU TO TELL PEOPLE THAT NICK'S GAY\" \"WHY I THOUGHT THAT HE DIDN'T WANT THAT?\" \"HE DOESN'T BUT I DO. AND AFTER WHAT HAPPEN TODAY I WANT TO HURRT HIM\" \"SCOTT WHAT THAPPEN?\" \"HE BROKE UP WITH ME\" \"I'M SORRY. BUT I CAN'T OUT NICK\" \"PLEASE I'LL DO ANYTHING\" \"THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN DO FOR ME TO OUT NICK\" \"I CAN DO YOUR HOMEWORK\" \"FINE.\" \"THANK YOU\" (SCOTT HUGS CARSON) \"OK. YOU'RE GAY I'M NOT GET OFF\" \"SORRY\" \"SO WHERE IS NICK?\" 'HE'S IN THE NURES ROOM\" \"WHY?\" \"I HIT HIM\" \"OK...SO I'LL SEE YOU TOMMORROW\" CARSON'S HOUSE \"HEY CARSON\" \"HI! MS. WELLS\" \"SO I THOUGHT ABOUT YOUR OFFER AD I PICKED YES\" \"REALLY?!\" 'YEAH\" \"THANK YOU SO MUCH.\" \"COOL. SO I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW AT 8. IN MY OFFICE\" \"YEAH\" NEXT DAY CATHY'S POV \"HI \" \"HI CARSON\" \"SO WHY DID YOU WANT TO MEET IN YOUR OFFICE\" \"SO I COULD TALK TO YOU ABOUT THIS...RELATIONSHIP\" \"OH OK\" \"DON'T GET ME WRONG I LIKE YOU BUT WHAT IF PEOPLE FIND OUT?\" \"THEY WON'T I LIKE YOU AND I'M NOT GOING TO LET ANYTHING HURT THIS RELATIONSHIP\"[Chapter 2] NICHOLAS'S POV \"HI CARSON\" \"NICHOLAS \" \"IS IT TRUE THAT SCOTT WANTS YOU TO OUT ME\" \"NO...MAYBE...YES\" \"HOW COULD YOU DO THAT TO ME?\" 'YOU BROKE THE GUYS HEART HE DOESN'T DESERVE TO BE HURT\" \"THEN HE SHOULDN'T HAVE CHEATED ON ME\" \"WHAT?\" \"HE CHEATED ON ME.\" \"NICHOLAS I'M SO SORRY\" \"IT HURTS SO MUCH\" \"OK I'M SORRY THAT SCOTT DID THAT\" \"I LOVED SCOTT HE WAS MY SOUL MATE NOW... I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO\" \"MOVE ON HE'S A JERK. YOU'LL FIND SOME ONE MUCH BETTER\" \"THANK YOU CARSON.\" I KISS CARSON'S CHEEK. \"SO DO YOU HAVE YOUR EYES SET ON ANYONE ELSE?\" 'WELL YEAH\" \"WHO?\" 'I CAN'T SAY\" 'WHY NOT?\" 'BECAUSE THEY'RE NOT GAY AND THAY HATE ME\" \"HOW COULD SOME ONE HATE YOU?\" \"I DON'T KNOW\" \"WELL I GOT TO GO MEET SOME ONE BUT TAKE CARE NICK\" \"THANKS CARSON\" \"YOUR WELCOME\" CARSON'S POV \"HI MS. WELLS\" \"HEY CARSON' \"MS. WEL-\" \"CARSON CALL ME CATHY\" \"OK CATHY. I WONDERED IF YOU COULD COME TO MEET MY MOM\" \"CARSON I CAN'T DO THAT\" \"PLEASE\" \"CARSON. I'M 26 YOU'RE 16 THIS IS ILLEGAL\" \"I DON'T CARE I LOVE YOU AND I SAID I'D DO ANYTHING FOR THIS RELATIONSHIP\" \"I'M SORRY BUT I JUST CAN'T\" \"OK.\" \"CARSON I-\" 'I GET IT. YOU DO IT\" \"CARSON\" \"I HAVE TO GO\" SCOTT'S POV(CARSON'S HOUSE) \"HEY MOM I'M HOME\" \"HEY HOENY THERE'S SOMEONE HERE TO SEE YOU\" \"SCOTT WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?\" \"I HAVE TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT SOMETHING\" \"OK. COME WITH ME\" CARSON'S ROOM \"SO WHAT IS IT YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT\" I THINK THAT I MAY BE IN LOVE\" \"HOW WOULD YOU BE IN LOVE IF YOU JUST GOT OUT OF A RELATIONSHIP\" \"I LIKED THIS PERSON FOR A LOT TIME\" \"HOW WOULD YOU KNOW IF THEY LIKED YOU?\" \"I WOULDN'T\" \"DO I KNOW THEM?\" \"YES\" \" CAN YOU TELL ME?\" \"I CAN'T\" \"OK. SO WHAT ABOUT NICK?\" \"I LOVE HIM BUT I DON'T THINK THAT WE WERE EVER A GOOD MATCH \" \"WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?\" \"BECAUSE HE SAID THAT HE'D COME OUT TO HIS PARENTS AND THE WHOLE SCHOOL AND HE NEVER DID. I LIKE PEOPLE THAT ARE OUT AND OPEN. \" \"SCOTT YOU'RE REALLY AN AMAZING GUY. AND I THINK THAT ANYONE WOULD BE GREAT FOR YOU. BUT I ALSO THINK THAT YOU'RE BETTER OFF ON YOUR OWN CUZ YOU KNOW WHAT AND WHO YOU WANT\" \" CAN I KISS YOU?\" \"WHAT?\" \"I'M SO SORRY. I HAVE TO GO\" 'SCOTT, SCOTT PLEASE DON'T GO\" \"I REALLY HAVE TO GO\" \"SCOTT\" ","Summary":" CARSON'S POV I NEVER THOUGHT THAT I'D FINE SOME ONE WHO LIKED ME. BUT I ALSO NEVER THOUGHT THAT IT "},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Life is but a Dream","Author":"Hummelberry Addict","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8990559","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Looking at my watch I realized that the writers club started forty-five minutes ago. Great just great! From what I've heard around the school the president was one tough guy, and probably wouldn't appreciate my tardiness. Hey you try getting around here in a wheelchair and be on time. I pushed the joystick forward a bit more forceful than I should have and the motor whined in protest but I ignored it and reached the journalism room finally. I pushed open the door and met eye to eye with Carson Phillips. He looked bored, as if he were just waiting fore anybody to come in, black framed glasses sat by his side on the desk; he sat up as he noticed me. My eyes raked his form, he wore a lot of blue, gray and black. His blue eyes were studying me as well until he walked over. \"Hello,\" he said holding out his hand. \"I'm Carson, welcome to the writers club. And you are?\" I put my less useful right hand in his. \"Angelique,\" I told him, my voice soft and shy. \"Angelique Mortensen.\" Sparks flew up my arm from where our skin touched. My face burned, and from the look of shock on Carson's face I guess he felt it to. Brown eyes met blue until he stammered, \"um...s...shall we sit down?\" I grinned. \"Carson I'm already sitting,\" I said. \"Very funny Angel,\" he said his tone very sarcastic. That surprised me no one has called me Angel before. He crossed the room and sat back down. \"Now could you tell me about yourself?\" I joined him at the table and rested my arms on it. \"Well my mom is from Milan, France, She's a fashion designer. My dad is a Broadway actor, he met Maman in West End when they were both on vacation. I haven't seen them since they dumped me and my three month old sister Rebecca here with my Grandparents. Which is good because they want me to follow their footsteps. I was pushed into singing and sewing classes, so I do those pretty well. But do they care that I want to write? Do they care that I have a 4.34 GPA? Do they care I have to raise Becca?\" I was ranting now, but snapped myself out of it. \"Sorry.\" He smiled. \"It's OK Angel.\" Reaching over he grabbed a tissue and held it out. \"you're crying,\" he said. \"I.. I am?\" I reached up to touch my face, black mascara stained my fingers. \"Ugh!\" Grabbing the tissue I furiously dabbed at my eyes. \"Whoa whoa,\" he said taking it from me and grabbing my chin gently. \"You're making it worse. Here...\" His finger guided the tissue around my eyes, being careful not to poke. \"There.\" \"Thanks,\" I mumbled blushing. Our eyes met again and he smiled. The sudden sound of the door opening startled both of us out of our bubble. In walked a heavyset girl with light blonde hair and glasses. She carried an old camcorder in one hand. \"Hi Carson,\" she said in a chipper tone. \"Who's this?\" \"Malerie, Angelique. Angelique this is Malerie, the only other Writer's Club member,\" Carson introduced us. Malerie stepped forward and hugged me. \"Hey 'Lique,\" she said. \"Um, hi.\" \"Attention Student Council members there is a Council meeting in the activities office.\" blared over the speaker. Carson sighed.. \"God, I swear they only have these meetings when they think I've gone home,\" he said picking up his things. \"Jokes on them, I never go home. Angel give me your phone for a second.\" \"O...OK.\" I handed it to him. He typed something into it before giving it back. \"Text me when you get home.\" The order was gentle but still an order so I nodded. \"See you two tomorrow,\" I said, still blushing. As I went to the student parking lot I started to think. I've never blushed around a boy before. Usually they're so annoying I end up wanting to run them over. But Carson was different, sure he was rough around the edges, but there was something about him. Was I in love?[Chapter 2] \"Grandma, what does falling in love feel like?\" I asked, looking at her. \"Why?\" I picked up an Oreo from the paper plate and bit into it. \"Well, there's this new girl in school. She's beautiful, funny, and smart. When she was crying today all I wanted to do was take her into my arms and comfort her. Is that love?\" \"Could be,\" Grandma said, shrugging. Suddenly my phone began to ring. I looked at it and saw I had a text. Hey Carson, I made it safe and sound. Tomorrow I'll be bringing Becca to TWC hope that's OK-Angelique. After labeling the number \"Angel\" I texted back. Sure Angel that's fine. See you tomorrow. \"That was her wasn't it?\" Grandma said with a knowing look. \"Yeah.\" The next day as I passed the auditorium I heard someone singing. Curious I walked in and saw Angel on the stage singing to a small bundle in her arms. I was mesmerized by her voice, it was lovely, soft and clear. If I needed any more proof that she was an angel this was it. Without thinking I walked forward until I was by the curtains still listening. Hands touch, eyes meet Sudden silence, sudden heat Hearts leap in a giddy whirl He could be that boy But I'm not that girl Don't dream too far Don't lose sight of who you are Don't remember that rush of joy He could be that boy I'm not that girl Ev'ry so often we long to steal To the land of what-might-have-been But that doesn't soften the ache we feel When reality sets back in Blithe smile, lithe limb She who's winsome, she wins him Gold hair with a gentle curl That's the girl he chose And Heaven knows I'm not that girl Don't wish, don't start Wishing only wounds the heart I wasn't born for the rose and the pearl There's a girl I know He loves her so I'm not that girl \"That was beautiful Angel,\" I said when she finished, startling her. She blushed. \"Thanks. Come meet Becca.\" Moving forward I knelt by her side and was finally able to see the infant. She had the same mesmerizing brown eyes that Angel had, slightly pudgy cheeks that held the same blush, but her brown hair was a touch darker. \"She's adorable,\" I said. \"Wanna hold her?\" Angel asked me. \"Um...\" I was nervous, I'd never held a baby before. What if I broke her? \"Sure.\" With Angel's help Becca was soon in my arms cooing contentedly. I looked at her with a sense of awe, she liked me. Well, she liked my fingers, as she was gumming at them. \"Feeding time,\" said Angel handing me a bottle of formula. \"Well go on.\" I pressed the rubber nipple to Becca's mouth and she latched on and began to slurp happily. After she was done Angel taught me how to burp her. And soon she was asleep in her carrier. \"We should find Malerie,\" I said. I attached the carrier to the stroller attachment and began to push the sleeping Becca out of the auditorium. What was wrong with me? I was acting really weird, caring for a baby. I only ever cared for myself before. I felt no one in Clover was worth my time or attention. Well, now Angel was an exception, and to some extent Becca...yes, and Malerie too. Maybe Grandma's \"Could be\" from yesterday was true and I was falling for Angel? ","Summary":" Looking at my watch I realized that the writers club started forty-five minutes ago. Great just gre"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"Caaron Philstopherson drabble (continued)","Author":"darrenmyer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9328500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a prompt a filled on my tumblr, check it out if you want to see who prompted :) \"Dude, c'mon. Go out, have fun like a normal teenager for once.\" Aaron sighed, resting his head at the locker next to Carson's. Carson pretended not to listen. \"Will you pay attention to me?\" Aaron said, grabbing Carson's hands and forcing him away from the locker. \"Aaron, I've told you this before,\" he sighed \"and I'm telling you now: I'm not a party person.\" \"I just want you to hang out with me, I want to make sure everyone knows how awesome my best friend is! And besides, you're familiar with my house.\" Aaron exclaimed, gesticulating a lot like he always did when he was trying to prove a point \"You told me you weren't a people's person too and look: best friends.\" \"I'm not a people's person. I'm an Aaron's person.\" he sighed once again. \"Aww that's sweet but you're not getting away with this shit.\" Aaron said and Carson blushed hard at the compliment, like he always did when it came to Aaron. Aaron was just a really open, honest person. He never hid what he was feeling, whether it was sad, excited, tired or anything really. That was what made Carson trust him so much. He was easy to read. They'd became fast friends after Carson got over hating on him just because he was popular, and it was one of the, if not the best thing he did in his life. He was lonely to say the least, nobody wanted to befriend him, that's why he'd become so bitter and sarcastic, he used it as a way of self-protection. Aaron had simply walked into his life and broken the barriers he'd built around himself for so long. He was grateful. So of course, he couldn't resist anymore when his best friend looked at him with those big puppy eyes he loved so much. \"C'mon Carsey… do it for me?\" he begged. \"Okay.\" That was going to be a long night… —- \"It's so loud in here, Aaron!\" Carson yelled over the song, looking around and taking in the view of lots and lots of drunk teenagers. \"I know, it's the fun part.\" he smiled, the hazel eyed boy was a little tipsy himself, as Carson didn't drink, he was making sure Aaron was safe. \"Ugh, why do you love this so much?\" Carson sighed, rolling his eyes. \"Why don't you love this so much?\" Aaron winked at him and walked away, swaying his hips. Carson was 100% sure he'd never felt more flushed. —- \"LET'S PLAY SPIN THE BOTTLE!\" Nicholas had yelled in the small room Carson and Aaron were currently in. A choir of YES! erupted around them. Tsk, drunk horny teenagers , Carson thought. \"SPIN SPIN SPIN SPIN!\" Aaron shouted, grinning like the cheshire cat. You too, Aaron? I can't believe this-no, wait, I actually can. Nicholas went first, the bottle pointed to Remy. \"Come here, girl!\" he said, gesturing for her to come near him. Ugh, I think I'm gonna puke . Remy and Nicholas kissed slowly and messily, you could even see Scott's jealous face in the background. The kiss lasted longer than it should. Ewww, I'll have to get my eyes sterilized after that. \"It's my turn!\" Scott yelled over the music and spun the bottle until it landed on Nicholas. \"Whoops, sorry, do you want a re-do?\" he asked Nicholas, fluttering his eyelashes at him. \"Um… n-no you… you can.\" Nicholas said and leaned in for a kiss, which actually had to be separated, because otherwise they wouldn't stop sucking on each other's faces. \"MY TURN!\" Aaron obnoxiously shouted, laughing like an idiot. Carson felt something his stomach dropping. Was it… jealousy? Aaron then spun the bottle so fast it was almost flying, it started to slow down until it stopped on- Oh shit. Carson didn't know if he should be dying from embarrassment and hiding himself in a hole or flipping out and jumping and kicking and screaming like a fucking twelve year old girl. His emotions were conflicted. He stared at Aaron who was grinning at him widely. \"You have to kiss me now…\" and everything seemed to move so fast, firstly Aaron kissed him softly, barely a press of the lips but then he started running his tongue over Carson's bottom lip and then Carson granted him entrance and well, turns out that they were now fully making out. Aaron in Carson's lap, groaning. \"Whoa, boys. Get a room!\" Scott shouted, laughing. And then Carson realized what they were doing. Wrong, this is wrong, this should never happen, Aaron is straight, he's gonna think you're disgusting and you can't let that happen, Carson. You need him. He's the most important person in the world to you after grandma. Get a fucking grip . \"Um, I'll… I'll just go…\" hee said, getting up and running out of the room. \"Wait!\" Aaron shouted after him, but Carson was already gone. —- Carson drove back to his house in the rain, without even bothering to close the convertible's roof. His tears getting mixed with the water drops. You're so stupid, Carson. You shouldn't have done this, he was drunk and you took advantage of him. You don't deserve anything. You don't deserve him. He parked outside his house and cried for minutes that seemed like ages, he cried and cried. His whole body shaking with the force his sadness was erupting in him. Until he heard the sound of an engine turning off, a very familiar engine. \"Carson.\" Aaron whispered, and even with the rain around them, Carson was able to hear. \"I'm so sorry, Aaron, I shouldn't… you were drunk… I… did you drive all the way here? You could've gotten hurt!\" he started, the air failing to come into his lungs. He felt like he was drowning in anxiety and fear. \"Shhh, breathe, Carsey.\" Aaron said, making his way to Carson and hugging him tightly, pressing Carson's face to his chest. \"I couldn't let you go like this.\" \"What do you mean?\" Carson's voice was so small and he'd never felt so vulnerable, so exposed as he had at that moment. \"I mean that,\" Aaron breathed. \"I love you, not just as a friend but in the romantic sort of way and I want you to be my boyfriend, and I'm a complete asshole for letting our first kiss be in a shitty party I set up with tons of people you and I dislike.\" \"You… you love me?\" Carson looked up from his chest and it took all of Aaron's willpower not to kiss him right there in the spot. \"Yes. I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things.\" he brushed a stray of wet hair off Carson's forehead. Carson couldn't take it anymore so he leaned for a passionate, beautiful kiss, that left them both breathless. He then rested their foreheads together, looking into the other boy's eyes which were filled with so much passion he couldn't even believe it. \"I love you too.\" he said, smiling softly and hugging the other boy closer, if that was even physically possible. \"And you totally stole that quote from The Fault in Our Stars.\" Aaron paused. \"Maybe.\"[Chapter 2] Aaron was the one to give a ride to Carson the next day. He didn't even ask anything, basically, he just woke up really early to be able to park in front of Carson's house before the boy drove to school. \"What are you doing here?\" Carson asked, he couldn't hide the smile on his face at the sight of Aaron. \"Hmm, just thought I could give my boyfriend a lift to school.\" he winked, making Carson blush. \"Well, your boyfriend approves of your decision.\" Carson flirted back, making his way towards Aaron's SUV. \"I'm glad.\" he caught Carson's lips in a deep kiss, running his tongue over the lips of the chestnut haired boy, who happily granted him access. \"We should get going.\" Carson stated, breathless. Aaron nodded. \"Yeah.\" They drove to school in a comfortable silence, as soon as they parked, Aaron got out of the car quickly, to open Carson's door for him. \"I'm not a lady, you know?\" he laughed anyway. \"I'm aware… But I'm your gentleman.\" Aaron smirked in a way that should be illegal. God, why do I have to blush so much? Damn you pale skin! \"Cheesy.\" he smiled softly, not even bothering to hide the fond look he was giving him. \"You love it, Phillips.\" he winked once again, grabbing his hand and pulling him towards the school. By the looks they were receiving, people didn't appreciate the fact that they were together, whether it was because this was a small, close-minded town and they were a gay couple or because Aaron was a popular kid, and popular kids aren't supposed to be gay in Clover, except for Nicholas Forbes and Scott Thomas, of course, but no one but Carson and Aaron knew that. \"Aaron is dating that writer's club freak.\" Carson had heard someone whispering. The jocks sneered at them, making kissy faces, Carson looked at Aaron, just to see how the boy was reacting. Aaron was as confident as ever, greeting people as if he hadn't just come out of the closet. Even though his boyfriend was apparently not worried at all, he couldn't help but feel like everything was building up to a nasty ending. \"Okey-dokey, you're making the face.\" Aaron chuckled, shaking his head and wrapping his right arm over Carson's shoulders. Carson let out a nervous laugh. \"What face?\" \"The one you make when you're worried, along with your furrowed brow.\" he said, tapping the center of Carson's forehead lightly with his index finger as if to make a point. \"Have you seen the way people are looking at us?\" Carson shook his head, making Aaron stop walking altogether. \"Hey, tell me, how many of them came and talked right to our faces they don't aprrove of this?\" he smiled \"None. And you know why is that? Because we approve of this, because it's our goddamned life, and we are proudly exposing the fact that we are together and not ashamed to admit it.\" Aaron's grin was contagious, and suddenly Carson felt a lot more sure of himself. \"And even if they don't like what they see, I sincerely couldn't care less. I love you and I'm sure of what I'm doing here. Popularity is something dumb, something that won't matter in a few months when we are out of this pit of a town.\" \"I love how you're always the optimistic one out of us both.\" Carson sighed \"It gives me hope, because I always think everything is gonna end badly.\" \"Welp, if you feel more secure about the subject when I'm present, don't you worry kid, I'm planning to stick around for a long time.\" Aaron winked at Carson. \"I certainly hope so.\"[Chapter 3] \"Have you heard from Northwestern yet?\" Aaron asked, moving closer to Carson on his bed, where they'd been previously studying. Carson sighed, dropping his forehead on the pillow he'd been using as a desk. \"No... I'm... kind of becoming worried.\" Aaron sighed back, wrapping his arms around his boyfriend and kissing his temple. \"Don't worry, I'm sure you got in, okay? You're amazing.\" He smiled against Carson's hair, dropping a light kiss. Physical affection was never a thing for Carson, his parents had always been distant when it came to these things. To be honest, he never thought it was something he couldn't live without, that is, until he met Aaron. At first he'd been quite taken aback by Aaron's frequent hugs and pats on the back, but as the boy had no clue of Carson's stiffness, he continued to do so until Carson got used to it. \"Your letter came today.\" Sheryl said as soon as Carson got home from school the next day. He froze in the spot, no, he couldn't open it without Aaron. No matter what it said, it would change his life for the next years. He immediately fished his phone from his back pocket and dialed Aaron's number. \"Carson?\" He asked. \"Yeah, um... my letter came... can you come over?\" He asked quietly, the anxiety was killing him. \"Yeah, of course, I'll be there soon, okay?\" \"Okay.\" \"And Carson?\" \"Hm?\" \"I'm sure you got in.\" \"Carson's upstairs.\" Sheryl informed Aaron, who simply nodded in politeness and walked up the stairs as fast as he could. Carson was laying on his bed, staring at the unopened letter, not even looking up when Aaron settled himself next to him, throwing an arm over his shoulders. \"No matter what it says, I'm here for you, okay?\" He said, rubbing Carson's arm, trying to comfort him. Carson sat on the bed and tore the envelope open, not caring about anything but its contents. He quickly scanned over the letter. \"I got in.\" He said aloud, as if to process the information. \"I GOT IN, AARON!\" he shrieked, hugging the other boy tightly, burying his face on Aaron's shoulder, barely containing his tears of joy. \"I'm so proud of you, baby, so fucking proud!\" He laughed into Carson's hair, kissing it frantically. Carson paused. \"But... what does that mean... for us?\" he said, the smile disappearing from his face. Aaron reached back into his pocket, fishing a folded envelope which read 'Northwestern University'. \"I applied there too...\" he smiled softly, reaching out to run his thumb over Carson's cheeks, which were wet with tears. \"Did you get in?\" Carson breathed, eyes wide. \"I... I couldn't open it without you either...\" he admitted, smiling down at his lap. \"Do you want to do it now or do you want to wait?\" \"Let's just rip it off... like a band-aid.\" Aaron ripped open his envelope, unfolding the letter and settling it down on his lap. \"I got in, Carson, I got in!\" He grinned, tackling Carson on the bed and kissing him desperately. \"We won't be apart... we'll be there, together !\" Carson grinned back at him, brushing Aaron's hair away from his eyes. \"I can't wait.\" ","Summary":" This is a prompt a filled on my tumblr, check it out if you want to see who prompted :) \"Dude, c'm"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"A Nicott Story","Author":"Nik Ice","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9592450","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello again, dear readers. I haven't written in a long, long time and last time I beta'd was around two weeks ago. But now I feel like I'm about to burst. All I wanna do at the moment is write and write and write and I know I should be working on and prioritizing Griffin's Ending but I watched Struck by Lightning the day I wrote this story and I'm obsessed with Nicott = Nicholas and Scott. They're so adorable and one of my OTP's now! This is a MULTI-CHAPTER STORY and I don't think it'll go m-rated but I dunno. Well, quit with the rambling, here's the story, enjoy guys and girls :) Ps. who loved the small role Lauren Lopez had as the Celibacy Club girl? :D Chapter 1: Introduction. Stupid rain , Nicholas Forbes thought. He was rushing from the last class of the day to his car, a Cadillac Escalade he had gotten for his sweet sixteen. Suddenly he crashed into a solid body, his books and papers flying everywhere on the drenched ground. He cursed under his breath. \"Watch where you're going,\" he snapped, looking up at the person who he'd bumped into, the guy staring right into his eyes. \"Oh god I'm so, so sorry,\" he apologized, bending down to pick up some of Nicholas' books behind him, giving Nicholas a splendid view of his beautiful ass. Wait, beautiful? Don't even go there, Nick , he told himself shaking his head to get the thought out of his mind. He leaned down to pick up his stuff before it all got completely spoiled by the pouring rain. When he looked back up the boy was staring at him again. Nicholas forced his look away from the boy's eyes, instead analyzing his good looks, starting with the mop of golden hair, slowly moving down to the blue-green eyes that seemed deep like oceans. His glaze floated down from the eyes to the cute and slightly pointy nose, before staring at his lips. They had a perfect shape and were a beautiful shade of light red/pink. Nicholas just wanted to reach out and touch them, or kiss them, just to see if they really were as soft as they looked. He quickly scanned the rest of the blonde's body his eyes lingering on the feet, mostly his purple nail polish and the dark grey flip-flops. It felt like hours, but was probably really seconds, before Nicholas looked back up at the guy's face and found him blushing slightly. Suddenly the guy muttered something about after-school study group and ran away, his flip-flops clicking behind him, spraying water up behind him. Nicholas turned away to go back to his car before he got too drenched, even though he knew it was too late. His mind was racing. Who was this boy? A/N: And that was the beginning of my new multi-chapter story.. Did you like it? Please review! And to you haters: I don't care about you so kindly f*ck off :) Ps. I need a beta so if you beta-read, please pm me! And I ALSO NEED A TITLE FOR THIS STORY and the one with the best one will have the reward of having an OC-appearance over a couple of chapters, I'll pm you with more information if you win :D I'll choose when there's 10 contestants at least I think :)[Chapter 2] Nicott Story 2 A/N: I started writing this chapter immediately after publishing the Introduction chapter so when I'm writing this I can't say thanks for all the reviews etc. But I hope you liked the introduction and I promise this chapter will be longer. I'll try making it the longest chapter I've ever written :) Enjoy! Chapter 2: Who is Scott Thomas? Scott ran away from the place he'd bumped into Nicholas. Nicholas Forbes was a legend around the school, the spoiled rich boy. He was the most famous person on Clovis High School except for the athletes and cheerleaders. Scott pulled out his phone and instantly went on tumblr, writing a post. Title: OMG! Just (literally) bumped in2.. guesswho! junior Forbes! thats right the rumored gay.. I should go 4 him next! I wonder if his ass is as round& bubbly as it looked! He instantly got reblogged by some of his couple of thousands followers. It's incredible how interesting people think you are if you're a regular bisexual drama club leader from a place in the middle of nowhere. He then texted one of his club friends telling her about what happened. In the other end of Clover, Nicholas was driving home, running through his mind to figure out who the guy was. He'd never seen him around Clovis High before, and that was something, because he got around. He was the biggest celebrity in this loser town, and the talk of every single old-lady dinner in the next couple of miles radius. He pulled up in his house's driveway and shut off his car, leaning his head against the steering wheel. He groaned. He didn't know what it was about the boy, but something was very alluring about him. He had to find him. Grabbing his bag from the passenger seat, he entered his house going up to his room on the top floor of the three-floored estate. He took out his laptop, sitting down at his desk; and he turned it on, entering the Clovis High website and clicking on the link leading to the list of transfer students. He searched every single student on the list but the guy wasn't there. Now, Nicholas didn't think it possible, as he'd never seen him before, but he could be a student who'd been there since last year. The website changed to a digital version of the yearbook from the year before with a click of the mouse, and Nicholas scrolled down. His breath caught when his eyes fell upon a picture of the drama club with the guy in lead position, and he scanned the page to see where his name was. After a couple more clicks he was on the student's short profile. Nicholas looked at the name. Scott Thomas. Now, Nicholas wasn't the person you'd expect to be on social medias, but he did have a tumblr and twitter. Under names he wouldn't get recognized as, of course. He opened a new page on his browser and scrolled down his Tumblr feed, already logged on from the last time. Yup, there he was. Scott had posted, just an hour ago, right after they'd collided. Quickly looking over the short (scott usually posted novel-length stuff) post, he paid the most attention to the words 'rumored gay' and 'round and bubbly ass'. Nicholas couldn't believe it. The guy was Scott. Thinking of it, Tumblr-Scott had never posted a picture of himself. Now he knew though, he knew that the guy he'd been kinda flirting with through dm's on Twitter for months was the hot and obviously flamboyant guy from earlier, with the purple nail polish and all. That night he ate his dinner in silence, only talking to answer his parent's questions about school with the shortest responses possible. Not that they cared anyway. When he went to bed later on, he couldn't sleep, his mind staying very awake, thinking things like 'what if he knows' or 'what if my parents have heard the rumors I'm gay'. God only knows how fast rumors spread in this little town. And sure, he was gay, and would be out and proud too, if it wasn't for his extremely homophobic, right-wing parents. He just wanted to turn 18, get his inheritance, and then escape far away, hopefully somewhere he could have peace until he decided what he wanted to do with his life. He sure as hell didn't want to become anything with a large income from doing nothing, because spoiled as he may be, his goal was to not spend any of his inheritance to things other than moving away. What he wanted to do was earn money by himself and not having anything to do with the money his dad had earned, both legally as a lawyer, but also through illegal scams. Yes, he'd seen all his father's papers. His expensive digital watch beeped, signaling it was 2am. /If I don't get any sleep now I'll probably pass out in class tomorrow and I really wanna chat up Scott.. I better go to sleep../, he thought before yawning, willing his thoughts to relax and not run around in his mind. /Shut up, brain./ A/N: I wrote the end of this chapter when I was really tired but I couldn't go to sleep cause I had all these Nicott scenarios in my head.. This helped loads. Goodnight from me, dear readers. Sweet Nicott dreams :P Next chapter will probably be longer.. Maybe shorter.. There'll be more Scott POV next chapter but the fic will continue to focus on Nicholas for a bit longer :) BUT I'm finishing and publishing this just before I leave for my first day of school this year so I'll write during the travel time which is about 1 1/2 hours[Chapter 3] Nicott Story 3 A/N: Now I'm writing, 6 hours before I have to get up for school -_- Enjoy! Chapter 3: Finding him When Nicholas came back to school the day after, he looked all over the place for Scott. He was all set on telling the truth about who he was.. In private, of course. It couldn't get out that he was gay, let alone that he was talking to Scott Thomas /outside/ the student council. But even though he looked everywhere, even sneaking into the auditorium once when the drama club was practising, Scott was nowhere to be found. When Nicholas realized that Scott probably wasn't in school, he quickly went on Tumblr to see if the boy had posted anything about his absence. Title: This sucks So I'm sick.. Which sucks.. I finally had a chance to chat Forbes up and he's probably not gonna remember me when I come back.. And school musical rehearsals were today and I had the perfect idea for some of the solo dance parts! It's this sorta move where... And Nicholas didn't read anymore. He was about to exit Tumblr and log on Twitter to dm Scott (who still didn't know who he was), when some tags on the post caught his eye. #Forbes if youre reading this then I have one request #Please get the fuck off my Tumblr account #Thank you have a nice day A couple hours earlier, in an apartment near the Clover Meadows Assisted Living, Scott pressed the post button on his phone. He kinda hoped that Nicholas would see it, but being the rich guy he was, he probably was avoiding social medias to avoid spammers and such. He yawned. Taking a nap sounded great to his ears. Even though he just had a headache from staying up too late last night and he really could've been in school today, he thought it was a great opportunity to catch up on sleep. He'd been up late every night in a month rehearsing for the school play. He decided to take a nap. He was woken up by his phone beeping. He rubbed his eyes and looked at it, seeing he had a new Twitter dm from _urfutureboss_. He opened the app and walked to the kitchen in his apartment while the message loaded. _urfutureboss_: Hey I saw on your tumblr that you're sick :( get well soon Scotty! ScottTheMocha: Don't call me Scotty.. I'm fine just have the flu ScottTheMocha: Btw what happened today in Clover? I've been out cold all day sleeping.. This headache is terrible _urfutureboss_: But you said you were sick? Nevermind. So what's really the deal with this Forbes guy? Nicholas felt a bit ashamed when he pressed send but he wanted to know what Scott had to say about him. He recieved a response almost immediately, a link to a website he knew wasn't Scott's. It the local printing press who wrote some articles about him and his family. They went in pure detail on everything about them. He didn't click on the link though, as he'd already read the articles so many times that he now was able to retell it word by word. Instead, he tweeted back a couple of minutes later. _urfutureboss_: Oh okay. _urfutureboss_: He sounds like a dick. ScottTheMocha: Oh really? Thanks for the support, I feel honored, haha Scott rolled his eyes at the response that came next. _urfutureboss_: Any time, blondie boy xD Scott made his afternoon tea but suddenly he realized something that made him drop his (empty) tea cup down on the kitchen counter, clattering. He had never posted a picture of him anywhere. How did urfuturboss know he was blonde? Nicholas cursed when he realized what he'd just said. He had written blondie boy at Scott. Sure, they'd flirted around with wanting to know how the other look but they'd never informed the other about their physical appearances in any way. It was only a matter of time before Scott found out. Nicholas was right. It /was/ only a matter of time before Scott found out. It had come to him slowly, like one of those 10.000-piece jigsaw puzzles being but together, one by one piece slowly forming a picture. First, the rich complex. Urfutureboss had already hinted he was rich. WeLl, more than hinted. He was your stereotypical spoiled rich boy. They'd met through some location service saying they were less than a mile away from each other (when they were at school). This meant that the boy was from Clover as well. He'd only just stated a look of Scott's today, and well, there weren't many really rich boys around other than Nicholas and it made sense with the run-in yesterday… Scott Thomas had come to a conclusion. Nicholas Forbes was urfutureboss that he'd flirted with through months. Shit. A/N: I'm poopin' out chapters! Alright, this wasn't that long but I wrote it in a day and I had to wrap it up. I'll do everything to make the next longer! My goal is to have a new chapter up every week when this non-stop writing-need ends (for now). I've also started on Griffin's ending again and I hope to have it updated by the end of August but I can't promise you anything :/ Night guys! ~Nikoline ","Summary":" A/N: Hello again, dear readers. I haven't written in a long, long time and last time I beta'd was a"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Tray's New Life: A Fresh Start","Author":"william.russell.77995","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10335472","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OK THIS IS MY NEW STORY TRAY'S NEW LIFE NEVERMIND THE CATEGORY MOVIE STARS I CAN'T EXACTLY POINT IT OUT EXCEPT FOR KATE AND TRAY 8 YRS-OLD KATE: THE ARHUOR ONES EVERYHING! 8YRS-OLD TRAY: SHE SAID WAS THERE IS NO DISCLAIMER AND THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING! KATE smiles TRAY AND RUNS OFF CHAPTER 1: THE PAST Trayvon was just uh well in his room playing with his toys, his walls were blue and so was his floor but his bed was black and white, he held two cars. One was red and the other was blue. The sky was sunny \"Ruby is coming down fast vrrrmm pack!\" said a very shorter kid who had brown eyes and black hair and had on white and grey, \"Vrrrm\" he raced the cars across his room floor \"Vrrrm\" he made a left around his bed. His Mom stepped into the hall way and yells up to his room \"Tray sweetie do you want to go to the park?\" Tray was driving up his bed side then stopped and says loudly \"Oh boy the park!-\" he had a feeling that something was going to happen later on at the park. He felt hot and sort of sick then he had a vision. VISION Tray saw the park and lots of other kids just like him they wanted to have fun but there was a girl who was by a tree all alone. And she was by herself, The girl played with her hair and watched the other kids play. She didn't seem very happy, she look sad. VISION ENDED Tray blinked a few times then grabbed two toy trucks and ran downstairs \"Mommy Mommy I had a vision!\" said Tray smiling \"Did you now? that's great\" said his mom, she knew Tray had a power and some he never knew about. \"What was it about?\" Tray sat the cars down while his mom made sandwich. \"I forgot haha\" She laughed with him and says \"I've got your peanut butter and jelly sandwich and two packs of cookies with some milk and some chips and juice for later am I missing anything?\" she asked \"No mommy\" said Tray running to the car it was a chevrolet challenger and it was pink. As he got in the back seat his mom was driving there. \"Finally the park!\" said Tray looking out the window it only took them 15 minutes to get there but it was a nice day so why stay inside?. As she opened the door Tray went to the slide to play \"Come on mommy\" he yelled from the slide \"I'm coming sweetie!\" she said running over to him. Tray was pretending he was racing \"vroom vroom\" he said while going up the slide \"Heaters is in first, Trayvon is in second, they're neck to neck\" He went higher up \"Who will-Whoa!\" He threw his cars in the air and fell off the slide \"whooa!\" he yelled letting his cars go and putting his arms out. \"Huh? I've got you\" said a girl who was about the same age as him and had grey eyes with brown hair, she stretched her hands outwards to him.(What the?) He was stuck in the sky then he was set on his feet and had his two cars come his way in his hands. \"Huh?\" he said picking jumping up and down \"Thanks\" he said but when he got closer to her the girl she turned her head \"No, don't look at my eyes. I'm very shy\" said the girl giggling, Tray looked at her suspiciously \"My curiosity wants me to see them, please show me\" the girl shook her head. \"if I show you, you'll run away and call me mean names\" Tray shook his head \"No I won't. I promise on Aquarius's honor.\" She finally gave in and turned to face him, she had red eyes and when she talked he saw her fangs that he never knew she had. \"Mom-\"said Tray backing up in fear. \"No don't be afraid of me, what's your name?\" asked the girl, Tray wasn't sure if he should or shouldn't then says \"It's Trayvon...Nimakaze and my mommy is over there\" he said pointing to her \"What's your name?\" Tray asked her \"I can't tell you\" said the girl \"Why not?\" asked Tray. \"Because if I tell you then I will have to kill you hehe\" Tray didn't laugh \"It's Kate ferland but you can call me Eilly\" she said \"Ok then call me Tray, do you want to play with me?\" said Tray his eyes flashed red a little then returned to normal, Eilly smiled with glee and says \"Your like me..ok I will play with you\" she said. Tray passed her a car. Tray heard this and got excited he never met someone else with powers before. Then when they finished playing with the chased him around when they got done they split a pack of cookies and a peanut butter sandwhich. \"Tray it's time to go\" said his mom \"Ok mom bye Eilly\" he said waving to her while walking off. She watched him leave as she had to leave with her mom as well. \"Bye Trayvon Nimakaze...\" she said in a low tone. A YEAR LATER Tray and his Mom was wlaking from the grocery store when he came upon this girl who had brown hair and grey eyes. he was certain he saw that girl somewhere before. \"Hey mom didn't we see her somewhere?\" Tray asked \"I don't know\" she said, The girl turned around and faced him and smiled \"Tray is that you?\" asked the girl \"Uhh and you are?\" said Tray tapping his chin, She sighed and says \"Silly it's me Eilly!\"said Eilly \"Eilly\" said tray happily. They walked to Tray's home together talking at the same time. what he didn't know was He had something she didn't have. THREE YEARS LATER Tray had been gone with Eilly for three years now and he did miss his mom but he wanted to learn what his hidden powers was so he set off with her he had grown attractive to her as well and he really liked her a lot to but he was afraid to tell her that he had a crush on her, he was afraid she might reject his love for her. THREE YEARS LATER Tray and Eilly was both fifteen and boy did they have a lot of stuff to tell people kind of like a book, a story or a chapter. Eilly and Trayvon we're in the living room chatting, he sat the computer while she sat next to him. Eilly bite her lip and says \"Do you remember Jack from Fisothen?\" she asked Tray, Tray nodded slightly and says \"Yeah I remember him why?\" Tray asked smiling to Kate \"Hey Kate before you answer can I say something?\" tray asked her while looking away from the computer screen, he was on The Under World Net, they found things Tom and Spike needed done and did them. As a reward they was paid handsomely. \"Anything?\" she said eating her ice cream by then these two was in their old home that still had everything in it. Every since then they've been protecting each other from a lot of villans and those so called powerful demons. \"weelll I like you but I don't know if you like me that way so im asking you?\" tray walked away for a minute then looked away from her. (idiot she's going to say no) he thought, Eilly licked he rice cream slowly and says \"Yeah I like you too but don't you remember what Tom and Spike said?\" she reminded him, Tray laughed nervously and says \"Yeah yeah two demons who are partners can't have any personal feelings for each other or they will be killed\" Tray repeated for the first time. Tray shook his head and says \"So we are going out but..we can't even-\" she kissed Tray on the cheek while blushing and says \"happy now Tray?\" Tray nodded \"Yeah a little but..i want to like really kiss you like I put my-\" Eilly placed her ice cream on his lips and says quickly \"Ohhh you mean frenching, I wished we could do that to but we can't even do that. It's sad I know\" she said. Tray shrugged and he looked up another mission from Spike and Tom for them. Tray saw a message that was in red, he opened the message and began reading it out loud \"News reporters have been seeing strange things happening around Chicago. They've seen monsters and unknown creatures appear and disappear, officials wants to know is this an attack from their enemies?. Everyone believed it was an attack from the other side, Now they're going to have a meeting about this and wage WAR..\" Tray let the word war linger. \"Wait war is bad, they can't go to war!\" Eilly finished her ice cream and says \"Of course war is bad. See what time the meeting starts\" Tray scrolled through the list and says \"In exactly 45 minutes-Oh and the Cash reward for whoever stops this from happening receives four hundred dollars.\" Eilly wiped her lips and looked at Tray \"Well let's get moving Tray. We can use that money\" Tray sent in a form to Tom and Spike letting them know they would do it for six hundred dollars instead of four. They agreed to it. Eilly leaned over his shoulder and saw what he had typed before sending it and says \"That could work too. But seriously we have to go\" Eilly grabbed her pink polo jacket and passed him his jacket as well and started leaving out the house, Tray quickly put it on and zipped it up. Once outside the two ran three spaces south and shot into the air like a bullet going at medium pace. The people saw them fly off but believed it was just their Imagination. OK SO CHAPTER TWO WILL TELL A LITTLE MORE ABOUT AGES 9 AND TEN THEN AFTER THAT THEY WILL CONTINUE THE STORY R AND R MOVIE STARS EILLY RUNS IN FIRST EILLY: IT WAS TOTALLY AWESOME BUT WE ARE DOING SOMETHING DIFFERENT NEXT CHAPTER TRAY:YEP AND NOTE THESE ARE TRUE EVENTS[Chapter 2] OK SO THE LAST CHAPTER WASN'T FOCUSED SO YEAH LIKE I SAID AT THE END OF CHAPTER 1 IF YOU READ IT THEN YOU KNOW WHAT'S COMING MOVIE STARS KID-TRAY: OK SO HERE WE GO AGAIN SO I HIPE YOUR BEADY FOR THIS SAPTER PESTLES KID-EILLY: HE MEANS OK HERE WE GO AGAIN I HOPE YOUR READY FOR THIS CHAPTER PEOPLE RIGHT TRAY! KID-TRAY: BIGHT OK DISPLAI— EILLY COVERS HIS MOUTH..BECAUSE TRAY ZAPPED HIS TONGUE WITH A ELECTRO BALL KID-EILLY: ACTUALLY THERE GONNA HAVE A HARD TIME WITH YOU SO IM LEADING…DISCLAIMER THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND MAY YOU BE REMINDED THESE ARE REALLY REAL EVENTS COOL HUH I KNOW! KID TRAY:BLOW OSS KID-EILLY: WHAT EVER IM NOT A SHOW OFF ONWARD WITH THE STORY! (thinking) CHAPTER 2: THE PAST PART 2 AGE NINE Tray was on his way to the store with his Mom and his so called gifted powers had become more unstable, everytime he removed his glasses his eyes was so brightly red that heat vision came out of it and his visions wasn't really a problem but he wasn't sure how was he able to control his flight ability. He always ended up hitting a wall or something and his force was the worst everytime he used it, the power in the whole house would go out and it was this, his fire power, was namely number one everytime he was hot it would spark up and cause a fire by that time his whole body would be covered in flames, that's why his Mom would try to keep it nice and cool for him, They finally made it to the store Tray and his Mom went inside the store. \"Mommy...Can I have some candy please?\" he asked her making the puppy dog face, She laughed while saying \"Hahaha! sure Tray go ahead but not to much, okay? you still have to eat dinner.\" she told him, he hugged her tightly then let go \"Thanks Mommy\" he said running to the candy aisle, he saw various of candy to pick from. \"Lemon heads…Pop Rocks…Ring Pops…Oooo Fish Heads\" said Tray grabbing the candy and the moment he turned around some girl with brown hair was behind him. \"Excuse me but have you seen anyone suspicious over here?\" asked the girl, Tray thought on it for a bit and checked he rout and says \"Nope sorry\" he ran after his mom and she paid for the candy and some spices for dinner. Shortly after they they left the store. \"Boy you sure did get some good kinds\" she said eating some of the candy...Out of nowhere the girl was with her Mom, walking side by side. Tray was certain he saw her before, he just couldn't remember where so he asked his Mom \"Mommy did we see her somewhere before?\" he asked, She pressed her fingers to her lips and says \"I don't know Tray, did we?\" she gave him a puzzled look. The girl kept walking, once she saw Tray she stopped and says \"Tray is that you?\" asked the girl, Tray gave her a confounded look and says \"Uhh…and you are?\" he asked her, The girl rolled her eyes and gave a deep sigh before saying \"Silly it's me Eilly\" just hearing the name alone was enough to jog his memory \"Eilly!\" said Tray in a astonished tone. They walked home together and talking at the same time but he had something she didn't. \"Do you want to come over for dinner?\" Tray asked her \"No...I have to get going bye\" she said leaving but before she left she asked him \"Are your powers under control?\" Tray rubbed his head nervously and replies \"Uhhh…well you see-\" He was interrupted by Eilly \"I see you can't nail it can you?\" said Eilly thinking \"No I can't\" he tells her. \"Well I can teach you I mean mines is down packed\" she said smiling \"Ok we start tomorrow\" says tray walking off \"Okay\" said Eilly leaving as well. \"Tray are you sure?\" his Mom asks \"I'm sure Mommy I need this chance\" he tells her. THE NEXT DAY Eilly and Tray was in a field training \"What does training have to do with this?\" he asks her \"Practice makes perfect\" said Eilly. \"Step 1 flight..Imagine your chakra or ki as others call it going to your feet, imagine yourself being lifted higher and higher once you've done that open your eyes\" said Eilly floating off the ground with her eyes open. \"see easy\" she said hovering over him. \"Ok I've got it...Imagine my chakra going to my feet-\" he stopped talking when he was nearly as high as Eilly was \"Nice\" she mummured \"Whoa!\" he shouted falling but he used his force to try and stop himself but he failed. \"Almost had it just keep trying\" she told him. After 19 tries he finally mastered it \"Finally!\" he said flying around \"Nice one but this is only a three step process do it right the first time and all of your power will fall in line step 2. Use your force pretend your moving..a toy car around and lift\" said Eilly continuing she went on and on and on. \"Right I've got it\" Tray focused on the fence (Keep focusing) he thought then the gate broke in half (Almost) then he fixed it right with the force (Yes!) after that he felt tingling in his body. \"Whooa..i feel weird\" he said feeling all of his power line up. \"That's good now step three love,hatred and peace\" said Eilly telling him \"Ok..love\" he thought of love with his Mom then it turned into a metal version of his mom \"Hatred\" he thought of how kids teased him at school and called him names before he knew it three metal kids was there but then they started melting. \"Tray what are you doing? Focus on the peace, Do it now Tray\" she told him The moment he thought of going to the park and meeting Eilly a year ago was the best peace ever so then it turned into three smiling kids and a metal version of himself until the tingling stopped. His powers made the gate turn into nothing but a blowing pole then it melted, Tray opened his eyes and started wheezing \"What..huff..huff happened?\" he asked her \"Your power is used up if you want more I can help you but it's gonna be a long training trip\" said Eilly moving her hands move far apart \"I don't care I need more I want to become stronger\" said tray sitting down \"Ok you asked for it\" she snapped her fingers, his mom and hers didn't know they existed until the training was over. AGE TEN Tray was just coming from championship one hundred. The walls were grey and the sky was purple. Eilly waved to him as he came out and says \"Wow im impressed after one year the training was a challenge for you I'm glad\" she hugged him, he returned the hug and says \"Yeah yeah I know I know\" Tray letting her go. \"So far we've got one unit TUT and well almost Forethesis\" said Eilly \"I know\" said Tay looking at some of the girls who looked very attractive to Tray, came to speak with him. There were three of them, they were all light skinned, the first one wore grey jeans and a white sleeveless shirt while the other two wore the same thing but in separate colors. Their names we're Sheen, Clara and Molly\"Wow we totally love your fighting stance\" \"yeah I mean your soo strong can I kiss you?\" \"Uhh..i..uh..sure\" the girl was about to kiss him. \"Wait that's Eilly…..Hey is he your boyfriend?\" asked the girl \"who Tray? uh no why?\"Eilly said punching his arm playfully \"I always thought they went out sorry for the confusion\" said the other girl \"yeah we have to go now bye Tray\" said the girls leaving. Two of the girls Had the 360 logo on their arms \"did you see that Eilly?\" asked Tray \"Sure did let's go I don't want to stay here any longer\" Eilly grabbed her Samsung and grabbed Tray's phone a nokia 1. She then teleported them to earth. \"Thank goodness it's over\" Tray said standing on a tree \"What was that all about being confused about our relationship?\" said Tray \"Tray I don't know..at all..but why was they confused\" asked Eilly \"Yeah they was confused\" said Tray as they went to go find somewhere new to live they found a abandoned house. \"This is it\" said Eilly going inside. Mold,rats and burned floors stood there \"Come on ready go!\" she shouted, she and Tray built it to a five storie home but it was still abandoned. The moment they finished doing that they zapped around changing things it took them 40minutes, but the place looked like a baby mansion when they was done but the outside was a mess. They left it like that so no-one can try to rob them. They had camera's stuff like that and when they leave out it turns into a one story abandoned home with nothing but fire and the stuff. \"It looks like the way we started\" Tray whispered \"I know watch\" she went inside and a green light scanned them and it transformed into the five story house once again. Eilly flashed a friendly smile towards hhim \"Nice right?\" they had lasers for intruders and weapons, That night. Tray decided to sleep in Eilly's room 'knock knock' \"Mmm come in Tray\" she groaned waking up \"What's wrong partner?\" she asks him \"I'm..a little scared of the rain\" he told her \"Come lay down with me\" she said pointing to the other bed on the far side by the wall \"Ok\" he went to the far side of the room and got under the blankets starring at her in the night's light. She looked in his eyes \"Go to sleep\" she said throwing a pillow at him \"Haha okay captain\" he whispered and they fell asleep in separate beds. THE NEXT DAY Eilly said \"Im on the first floor second bathroom ok?\" Eilly began walking off \"Yeah I got it\" he told her.. twenty minutes later he was opening the bathroom door when he saw her clothes on the toilet \"Wrong one..!\" he whispered closing the bathroom door it made a creaking sound,\"Who's there!\" said Eilly looking at the door but it was closed. \"It's just my imagination\" she told herself in a flash she was out the tub dressed and ready and left the bathroom \"I took my bath\" she said pulling out the drain to the tub. Tray was in the living room when Spike and Tom showed up. SO THIS WAS COOL HUH I KNOW R AND R FOLLOW FAVES WAT IFS[Chapter 3] OK LIKE I SAID LAST TIME ONWARD WITH THE STORY TAKE NOTES THIS IS TALKING ABOUT WHEN HE WAS YOUNGER SO I HOPE YOU LIKE IT MOVIE STARS KID-EILLY: OK SO THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS STORIE AND FORGET THE CATEGORY IT'S NOT WHAT YOU THINK KID-TRAY: DISCLAIMER THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING…HEY I WAS SAYING THAT WHY DID YA STEAL THE SCRIPT HUH KID-EILLY: IM NOT STEALING IM JUST IMPROVISING KID-TRAY: WHAT IFS ANYWAY ONWARD WITH THE STORY! CHAPTER 3: THE NEUTRAL DEMON Tom and Spike was like just standing there in their living room with Tray and Eilly. \"What do you want now Spike?\" Tray asked him \"Huh?..oooh right sorry Tray but this is top class information\" said Spike \"This is top class information well…..I am top class right?\" Tray asks them \"Nope that was just part of your training later on we'll test your power to see if your worthy of joining our team..What was it called again? that's right The Ultimate Team\" said Tom \"Fine what ifs..Eilly you've got this\" said Tray leaving out. \"What's up Spikey and Tommy?\" she says boredly. Spike rubbed his head \"We've just got word there's a Neutral Demon somewhere on earth\" said Spike Eilly was taken back by this \"A Neutral Demon? weird I thought those guys was at extinct\" said Eilly. Tom shook his head \"Nuh-uh the Neutral Demons are born Neutral but for some reason there's been one hiding out for years and we've just got word for it\" said Tom, Eilly raised her hand to stop him \"Wait a minute Spike if there is a Neutral Demon..don't those guys work only for themselves?\" she asks them \"Exactly they double cross the angels as well..If we can get that demon to just join our side then\" Spike scratched his head, Eilly stuck her hands inside her jeans pockets. \"We would have the last one we would have what we need to defeat them once and for all!\" said Eilly interrupting Spike \"Yeah one problem if it is on earth we don't know where it's at\" said Tom sarcastically \"Yeeaah I mean it's hard\" \"To crack this...We thought that maybe you can see if it's Trayvon?\" Spike asked her \"See if it's Trayvon ? your kidding right if it was Trayvon don't you think he would have two sides?\" said Eilly annoyed. \"Just check for us okay and good luck\" said Spike, after that those two vanished into thin air. \"Trayvon!\" she calls going to the training room \"What?\" he asks her sarcastically \"We are going to see who wings are bigger ok?\" she tells him \"Wings..oooh ok sure sounds fun\" said Tray faking a smile. He let Eilly go first and to his surprise her wings was white \"They're white\" he tells her \"right you are\" she responds \"that means you're a angel\" he asks \"Yep\" she responds \"Why are you working with demons then?\" he asks her. Eilly shows him her fangs \"I'm a vampire angel, you do know what that means?\" Eilly asked him \"That means umm..your a lightwood!\" he shouts jumping back \"Easy there i'm on a mission from god to help you understand\" she said \"A…mission from god…..your lying no one has ever seen god!\" tray argues \"I'm a vamgel ,part vampire part angel. He assigns me to these missions were in good with the demons\" said Eilly explaning \"You mean the fallen angels but why were you casted out then?\" he asks her. \"That's not to worry but I'll tell you this after you show me your wings ok?\"said Eilly annoyed \"Sure\" he showed her his wings and to her surprise \"they're ..grey your wings are Grey!\" Eilly stood there examing them making sure they wasn't painted gray. \"Yeah so what?\" he tells her, Eilly pulls a feather to see it only grow back \"Owch! Hey take it easy with that\" he says. Suddenly she told him about the Neutral Demon legacy \"Your sure?\" he asks her. \"Yes so will you do it?\" she tells him \"Yeah…I'll do it\" he says plainly just as they hide their wings \"Anyway here's why im casted out of heaven\" Eilly was about to start her life's story. THE REASON WHY SHE WAS CASTED OUT OF HEAVEN Ok so I was like In heaven just chilling with my cousins \"hey eilly how's it going?\" said one of my cousins who was 12 years old blue eyes and green hair \"im fine catrice what do you want anyway?\" eilly asks her\" \"well I've just got word that god has chosen you as the legendary angel but he said 'you was made that way' is it true?\" catrice asks her \"yeah why?\"said eilly watching her, I looked at the clock \"oh! Im so sorry catrice but I have to to work now\" I said leaving her to be So I walked in the station to see cloud couches..snacks…drinks… a tv and a giant portal that was faced on the underworld \"whoa! So I guess I have to keep this in check?\" I asked myself but clod the worker before me explained what I had to do \"just choose if they live,die or life in prision 8\" said clod \"sounds easy enough\" I say \" it is easy but I freed a little girl who was very dangerous that's why im fired I failed my lord and he has replaced me hopefully you won't make the same mistake\" he says leaving out \"ok the tv is to watch the earth..hmmm some kid who I can't say he seems nice..aquarius..8 years old..un-controlable power\" I was so interested in watching him play with his toys in his room I forgot that I was still on duty so I let the t.v play then I went to the giant portal..the underworld watcher it was called. I saw a demon who had big eyes black hair and killed 430 citizens \"life or death kate?\" they asked me \"death she doesn't deserve to live\" I told them so they shot her head off…another girl who was my age with dark eyes but her hair was brown and curly black hair in her demon form but she was named jodelle cortez and she killed..10 citizens \"she must be new\" I mumbled \"life or death kate?\" they asks again \"mmm..life\" I told them she looked at me in her form and said \"please don't let them put me away please I beg of you\" said jodelle. It hurt me so much to see her cry so when they left and she had gotten out her gate I was going to warn them but instead \"hey lilly get to the bathroom quick\" I said through the underworld watcher \"ok\" she said following my commands but once she got inside a demon guard was there. \"hey jodelle cortez back to your cell!\" the guard was a women \"im sorry' said jodelle snapping the girls neck I opened the portal of freedom but the alarm went off in heaven and hell \"hurry up!\" she tells me I put the code in and the moment a guard comes in the bathroom she's out of there, I don't know where she was at but I closed the portal back to assure her she was safe. I changed her last name to the same last name as mine ferland I was useless after that but I looked at the tv to see her in Washington \"she's safe\" I said to myself her human form looked a lot like me but her eyes was also the same but they was hazel with long black hair and she didn't have a phone so i. Figured she was safe and when I turned around I saw gaurds that worked for god there \"I knew you was trouble\" said a man I got up \"please I don't want to hurt you\" I created a blast which sent them away. The moment I was out of that place god probably knew where I was heading so I used the earth transporter and sent myself to my auntie's place and no I wasn't dead that's when I hide my fangs and my wings but god sent a message that I was casted out of heaven he took my halo away from me I wish I never done it but it was too late I was still a angel but I did one thing wrong free a demon that was suppose to have life in prison 8 and that's what happened I was a angel. THE END OF EILLY'S STORIE \"wow! I didn't know that\" tray says looking at her 'there still some things you don't know about me tray just as I don't know as much about you\" said eilly leaving the training hall and went to the living room and called spike \"you guys was right spike trayvon is the neutral demon\" 'ok well send you two to fortheses tomorrow rest up now' ok\" eilly ended her connection when she sensed tray \"fortheses…eilly what are you hiding from me?\" tray asks her but all she did was shrug.[Chapter 4] Next OK SO THE LAST CHAPTER WAS A LIKE YEAH A TOTALLY GOOD GOING START FOR TRAY'S NEW LIFE BUT NOW THIS TAKES PLACE AT AGE 11 NO PAST STUFF JUST STORIE BOARD FROM HERE ON OUT ACTORS: KID-TRAY: OK SO IM LIKE A YEAR OLDER OK BUT ENJOY BECAUSE WE ARE GONNA HAVE A MYSTERY CHARACTER! KID-EILLY: WHY ARE YOU LYING TO THEM…. KNOW WHAT I GOT THE DISCLAIMER KID-TRAY: DISCLAIMER THE AUTHOR OWNS EVRYTHING IN IT AND IGNORE THE CATEGORY BECAUSE THIS IS ABOUT TRAY! ?: I AGREE TRAY SO LET'S GET ON WITH THE STORIE..WHAT IS IT TO GET THINGS MOVING? KID-EILLY: YOU MEAN TO START THE STORY? ?: YEAH KID-TRAY: THE WORD IS ONWARD ?: ONWARD WITH THE STORY CHAPTER 4: TWO NEW BIRDS! Tray was just waking up in Eilly's room, She groaned while waking up \"Mmm..Tray don't you think your old enough to sleep in your room?\" Eillly asks playfully. Tray got out of the bed and stood up and says \"Maybe I am but I don't even care\" He walked out the bed room and advanced to the bathroom to go wash up when he heard water coming from the bathroom beneath him. Tray tapped his fingers three times and says \"I better get moving\" Tray went in the bathroom for a few minutes then turned the water off. In a second he was done taking a bath, he was also dressed and the tub was clean again. \"Boy now im hungry\" he said using his super speed to get to the kitchen but he was surprised Eilly was there first. Eilly giggled and waved her finger at him and says \"I'm..faster than you\" she repeated for the fourth time that week, Tray shrugged and says \"Whatever\" Tray took a minute to check himself out, he was wearing all white and gray. Eilly saw how he was dressed and says in disgust \"Really?\" \"trust me this is my number one colors\" he tells her after they ate breakfast Eilly went to their control room and pushed the portal switch for it to open and it did. \"You first\" she told him \"Ok\" he responded. The moment he went in Eilly went in right behind him then the portal closed and they saw the portal morph and change and morph again the portal shot a beam of light and disappeared. Tray and Eilly was flying through the sky inside a beam that went so fast it had no limits \"Ahhhhh!\" Tray screamed \"Hahahaha!\" Eilly laughed in only ten seconds they landed on Fortheses. A guy wearing armor came out of no where. \"Nice to finally meet you two Kate and Trayvon\" said the man removing his helmet it was red and black with wings attached to it \"This is Fortheses\" said the man \"Oops-I almost forgot I'm Dray\" said Dray shaking Tray's hand. \"Easy there kid you still have a long way to go Dray\" said the girl behind him. Drey rolled his eyes and says \"What ifs Eil- oops I mean..oooh forget it..my name is Trayvon Nimakaze and that girl over there is my partner Kate Ferland\" said the older version of Tray. kid-Tray chuckled and says \"Hey that's my name weird\" ( from now on the future Tray will be known as Trayvon while kid-tray is still Tray) They showed them around I mean it was a little hard for Tray to breath but that was just how it was. Eilly looked at Tray worried and says \"So Trayvon why is it hard for Tray to breath here and not you?\" (Again the future Eilly will be known as Kate and the kid Eilly is still Eilly) \"That's because Tray isn't trained to the max like me but stay here for a year you'll get your results\" said Trayvon. A YEAR LATER NOW THERE TWELVE YEARS OLD Tray had suddenly found it easier to breath on the planet Foretheses. He and Eilly was like soilders there but little did they know they had a much bigger role. A little later on Eilly was in her room talking with Tray \"Yeah that new guard Jack is such a hottie\" she said smiling \"I'm sure he is\" said Tray looking away. (She's helpless) Tray thought to himself then Jack came inside Eilly's room. \"Did I say you can ente-ooh uh..h-hi jack\" said Eilly blushing, Jack was the same age as them he had black hair with blue eyes and was skinny. \"Huh oh hiya Eilly I was wondering if I can like borrow Tray for like something\" said Jack smiling \"Bor-borrow Tray? sure..y-you …can..borrow him Jack\" said Eilly, she had a crush on Jack and every time Tray comes in her room every morning. She talks about him \"I'm pretty sure I'm leaving\" said Tray laughing as he left with Jack \"What did she say?\" Jack asked him \"Dude you know she'll kill me if I tell you so why even bother\" said Tray walking off. \"Awww come on I thought we was cool\" said Jack stopping him. \"We are dude\" he told him. Tray led Jack back into Eilly's room I mean they did share the place together \"Yo Eilly are you here?\" Tray shouted only to get \"I'm in the kitchen\" she yelled \"Sshhh\" said Jack putting his finger to his lips. For nearly a year he's been trying to get those two together but this happens as they go in the kitchen they see a bowl of ice cream but no Eilly \"Ice cream my favorite!\" said Jack eating some of it \"A hamburger also my favorite\" he bit a piece of the hamburger. \"Traaay where are-\" Eilly stopped when she saw a half eaten burger and a half eaten ice cream \"Tray did you do this?\" she asks him \"What no it wasn't me it was Jack\" said Tray putting his hands up in a defensive way. Eilly looked around to see only Tray \"Liar..seriously I know I trained you better than that all you had to do was ask\" said Eilly looking out the window. Jack came from the ceiling and ate more but Eilly turned to see Tray holding the spoon \"Tray please stop doing that\" said Eilly annoyed \"I told you it's Jack!\" said Tray looking innocent Eilly looked Tray in the eye and says \"I don't believe you\" she said \"Eilly it was me, Tray's telling you the truth sorry if I caused any problems between you two\" said Jack from behind her \"Do you think copying-J-Jack hi no worries you didn't cause any trouble between us hahaha right Tray?\" said Eilly blushing madly \"Sure you didn't jack\" said Tray crossing his arms. \"Eilly can I be your boyfriend ?\" he asked her \"Sure you can!\" said Eilly hugging him I mean they have been dating for a year. \"Great my work is done\" said Tray then they've been teleported. To fortheses headquarters to see a demon girl who looked just like Eilly \"Find her and kill her\" ordered Kate. The three took the space ship to earth and found her the moment tray and the other two got out. Lilly attacked him \"Fire stager!\" said Lilly knowing that attack was fatal, the four of them pulled out three dracu-beams and a heavens beam \"Boy she's fierce!\" said Tray jumping in the middle of it but was careful not to get hit \"Lilly lay down your weapon im not going to hurt you\" said Eilly getting her attention \"No you three are here to kill me aren't you?\"she asks them \"Yeah\"said Jack \"Jack you idiot!\" said Tray aiming at Lilly \"Hold fire!\" shouted Eilly. Luckly the bullets stopped and Eilly went beside tray. \"Your Lilly right? tell me what is your full name?\" Eilly asked eagerly \"It's Jodelle Lilly Ferland\" said Lilly \"Lilly im your sister the girl that set you free a year ago\" said Eilly dropping her heaven-beam \"Yes I remember you,Your Kate Eilly Ferland right? thank you\" said Lilly smiling, Eilly was about to walk next to her sister but she stopped \"Sorry but I can't trust you not now you're a angel of gods!\"said Lilly frowning \"I used to be a angel of gods now im just a regular angel…Lilly please come with me you can go to my Mom's place and stay with us forever\" Eilly begged \"Sorry angel but I can-\" Lilly saw Tray watching her. \"He's the neutral demon that's everyone talking about Trayvon..Nimakaze\" said Lilly aiming at Tray. \"Hey whoa whoa chill out sweet heart!\" shouted Tray \"Yeah it's two against one don't shoot\" said Jack aiming at Lilly's chest \"I'm sorry Eilly im so sorry\" said Lilly \"What?\" asked Eilly. Lilly shot at Eilly but Tray got in the way and took the three beams (heavens-beam =kills all angels and stuns demons….demon-beam= this has no effect on a angel but it can kill other demons) \"TRA!\" eilly shouted, Jack shot Lilly in the chest. \"Ugh...\" said Lilly falling down. Jack ran to Tray and grabbed the lazer reverser. The lazer reverser pulled the three beams from Tray's chest then the holes in his chest healed \"Tray are you ok?\" Jack asked , Tray's vision was a little hazy but he can see that the body on the ground was Lilly's. \"Lilly...!\" Tray shouted and got up he ran to her side \"Speak to me...Now\" Eilly begged \"I'm still here…don't…worry\" said Lilly, Eilly used the force to bringe the lazer reverser to her side she used it to get the beam out \"Ahhh…huff..huff…Kate Ferland?\" said Lilly in between death \"kiras'ime!\" said Eilly using the healing technique to bring her back Lilly sat up straight and looked at Eilly. \"You saved my life why?\" she asked him \"because I want you on our team\" said Eilly helping her up \"fine\" said Lilly signing papers then the Tut logo appeared on her chest. Eilly was happy to see her sister back so she went home and found her Mom who she hypnotized the whole family and made them think she had twins at birth with her and now Lilly was her sister for real. Eilly found some photo's of Lilly and her Dad and wondered why they didn't tell her she had a twin sister. \"It was to much for you to bare\" said the Mom after that Tray and Jack was in the park with Lilly and Eilly \"Yo Lilly come here for a minute\" Tray yelled to her,of course she was followed by Eilly. Jack put Eilly's chain around her neck and Tray put Lilly's on for her. \"Necklace's with our names..so you won't get confused right?\" Lilly asked \"I won't but Jack will\" said tray laughing he forgot about his crush on Eilly and focused it on Lilly but he knew it would take a whole year to go out with her just as long it took for Eilly and Jack but it was worth the wait. OK IM DONE LIKED IT I KOW R AND R FOLLOW FAVE WHAT IFS[Chapter 5] SORRY IM RUNNING BEHIND SO LET ME CONTINUE MOVIE STARS: TRAY:HI WE ARE BACK BUT IT'S COMING CLOSE TO A END SO LET'S KEEP THIS MOVING EILLY:TRUE SO LETS CONTINUE THE MORTAL STORY LILLY TAKE IT AWAY LILLY:THE DISCLAIMER OK..DISCLAIMEER THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING IN THIS STORY AND ALL THE CHARACTERS TRUIE (inner) CHAPTER 5: DISTRATION OR IMITATION The Next Day Tray was just in his room doing absolutely nothing besides being in his room and laying on his bed. He was looking at the ceiling and says \"Men...Lilly's nice but she isn't really my type\" Tray twisted his hair around a few times before sitting up \"What's that?\" he sensed an unknown beings coming straight for him. There was the sound of something breaking and it came from the hallway. (Whose out there?) Tray stood up and took one step towards the door. (It's absolutely no one out there-well maybe Jack and Eilly). He took another step forward, he heard this unusual screaching noise, it got louder and louder until it blew the bedroom door off it's hinges. Tray caught his door and sat it down, he looked around for the figure but he didn't see anyone. By the door was a can that rolled directly by him (Is that a flash bang?!) the flash bang went off and blinded him, Tray couldn't see but he did hear them \"Quickly get him out of here!\" \"Yes sir!\" Tray was picked up by the men then they left the house. AT Eilly's Place . Eilly was watching movies when a voice came in through mind chat. (Eilly! Eilly! Help!) Eilly paused the movie and looked around \"Huh? Tray?\" she looked outside to see a giant ship and the men who had him Eilly yelled out \"Tray!\" She ran out the door and chased after the ship, she looked left and righr only to see Lilly and Jack on their way out. \"Jack!\" Eilly shouted to him. he turned around to see Eilly running towards him \"Get to Tray's place quick!\" she yelled. then she took off with a burst of speed \"Whooaa!\" yelled Lilly runnnig behind her, Lilly didn't like Tray but she was after him to help out her friends. (Hang on Tray I'm on my way towards you please hold on!) Eilly thought to herself. Along the way she pulled out her dracu-beam and shot at the ship 'tsew tsew' was the sound of beams Eilly shot at the ship, of course it hit it. Eilly had enough of this running, she took off her jacket and with one push she flew off into the sky and was followed by Jack and Lilly. Lilly flew next to her sister and says \"Eilly! hold on what if they capture you too…..We can't risk it!\" Eilly shook her head no and says \"I don't care, Tray's in trouble and it's my job to protect him from danger!\" she started speeding up on full speed and disappeared. \"Whoa so that's her full speed, I can't see her-\" Jack stopped when he saw Eilly kill three gaurds on the ship. Tray was being held inside a room which he was just awakening in \"Uuhhh…my head is killing me-\" Tray looked around to see he was in a room with a crystal ball and a table and three gaurds. \"Hey where am i ?\" Tray asked them \"We are taking you to our king he needs your help\" said the guard (Tray what do you say we break out of here \"I'm with you\") Tray charged a final-beam and shot the three gaurds. \"You are the legendary hero we heard of welcome?\" said a old man who was very muscular, he showed Tray tensed a bit as the old man went to the crystal ball and showed him what was going on with Eilly,Jack and Lilly. The gaurds was pointing guns at his three friends \"Eilly!\" \"she can't hear you don't worry your friends will be here with you\" said the man. \"How can i trust you?!\" Tray yelled which destroyed wall in the process. \"He's got serious power…Ok ok Tray\" the old man snapped his fingers and the gaurds stopped aiming at his friends \"Can you Bring them to me\" tray asked while blowing up a second wall \"Ok ok\" he clapped his hands and Eilly,Jack and Lilly was next to him. They yelled in unison \"Tray!\" \"Guys!\" Tray explained to them why he was kidnapped \"Eilly can we trust him?\" Tray asked her. \"Yeah if he's lying I'll kill him\" said Eilly \"my name is Chad set destination for home planet Forthisd\" yelled Chad then a portal opened up and they flew through it. Tray was looking around in a very dark room. \"Well how did I end up here?\" he asked himself. Eilly,jack and Lilly was on the other side of the portal \"Hey Chad where did you send our friend?\" asked Jack \" I didn't set the course yet he flew through a dark void of no return\" laughed Chad. Jack slammed Chad to a wall \"Look old man we don't have time for your games tell us where is our friend!\" yelled Jack in a threatening tone. \"I already told you i…Do not know where your friend went he could be anywhere...he could be between worlds or dimensions for all I know …Now kid if you do…Let me live I'll tell you about everything i know about the void of no return\" said Chad. \"Jack let him go it won't do us much good if you kill him\" said Lilly sitting on the table. \"She's right you know..without him Tray could be anywhere\" said Eilly walking around to the crystal ball. Tray was in a room where he saw a white room with a crystal ball there he saw his friends \"Guys I found you!\" said Tray in relief. Lilly rolled her eyes at him and says with a frown \"Hmmm..no-one cares if you found us or not\" Tray stretched a bit and says \"What ifs your just jealous because im better than you.\" Tray saw Lilly and Eilly watching him \"Wait where's Jack-\" he stopped when he sensed Jack coming from above him with a powerful blow to the ground. Tray dodged it just in time \"Dude what's gotten into you? snap out of it!\" yelled Tray getting in his fighting stance \"You really don't want to fight me do you?\" Tray asked him. Jack was in his fighting stance not saying a word Tray looked at Jack's eyes but he couldn't see them because Jack was moving his head. \"Then let's go!\" said Tray rushing Jack. The two of them faught against each other in a fatal blow (Tray what's going on! \"Jack's going crazy!) Tray was hit in his stomach \"Ahhh…\" then Jack sent another blow to his face \"Ugh!\" and he punched him in the face \"Ahh\" Tray was being pounded all around the room. Tray let out enough power to knock Jack backwards by 5feet, Tray had his teeth gritted and says angrily \"That's enough!\" Tray grabbed Jack's hands and started fighting him with his feet. \"…\" said Jack making a face of pain \"….!\" Tray hit Jack in the face. \"…!&*%\" said Jack, Tray stopped fighting and says \"What did you say?\" \"He said this!\" he turned to see Lilly punching him in the stomach \"Ahhh\" she kicked between his legs \"Ahhhhh...\" she was really getting into fighting Tray that she was going all out \"Ahh!\" said Tray being sent into a wall \"Huff…huff…huff..my…zurn\" said tray delivering a blow t Lilly's chest nearly crushing it just by punching her. Eilly got up and helped her sister. When the three of them had Tray pinned down they aimed a dracu-beam at his head \"…!&*$%\" said Jack \"Huh?\"said Tray laughing to himself. They pulled the trigger but Tray seemed to have gotten loose and got away. When Tray found the door he came in he quickly ran through it and was glad to be in the room with his real friends. \"Dude we watched you in the globe..men what was the other me saying?\" asked jack \"Are you ok Tray?\" asked Eilly \"Im fine..i don't know what he said\" said Tray answering their questions. Eilly twirled her hair around her fingers \"Good now we are joining a tournament but were going to need your help to Tray\" said Eilly. GOOD RIGHT I MADE THIS IT'S VERY OWN CHAPTER SWEET HUH R AND R FOLLOW AND FAV THANKS![Chapter 6] Movie stars KATE:THIS IS NOT A GAME ANYMORE TRAY JACK: THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND EVERY ONE TRAY: SO WHAT IF IT'S NOT A GAME LILLY:YOU REALLY NEED HELP IDIOT ! TRAY: WAIT WHAT- KATE: ENOUGH..ONWARD WITH THE STORY PEOPLE chapter 6: The Tournament JUST As they wete in the portal Tray asked about this need to know \"You sure are a fighter..Okay listen we need for the four of you to win this tournament for us\" said Chad, Jack had to stop him \"A fucking Tournament! Are you kidding me?! we went through all this for a Tournament!?\" Jack yelled at Chad \"Listen to me brave kid. I know it sounds bad but hear me out… if we win we can…Nevermind you'll find out soon enough if you win\" said Chad looking at the station as they pulled up. After they all was inside the stadium Tray had to admit it, this stadium was big enough to fit at least 500 people in it. \"When will this Tournamment start?\" Tray asked Chad, \"Well you four are right on time this Tournament is a four men team battle-\" \"In other words since there's four of us you think we have what it takes to win this don't you?\" said Lilly interrupting Chad \"Well yeah-\" \"Sorry pal but even if we do enter we aren't using any of our powers got it\" this time Jack was interrupting Chad. \"That's fine by me\" said Tray walking in the opening, immediatley the stadium was filled with citizens \"Ladies and Gentlemen! The moment we've all been waiting for is about to start!\" said The Announcer, the first team was Team Obnuvious vs Team Selon. Misty was short and a little chubby with green eyes and black hair, Selon was light skinned with brown eyes and yellow hair, Dawn was a girl with blue hair and eyes, she was skinny and their fourth member wasn't able to participate. \"Misty strike high while me and Dawn attack below!\" said Selon, as the battle went on Team Selon lost to Team Obnuvious \"That was an exciting battle! Now for the second round...It's. Team Striker versus Team Poke'Fans , The battle was long but at least they were winning. At the end team Pokefans lost to team Striker. \"That round was intense, round three is about begin, it will be team. Narufans vs T.U.T I don't know why they're called T.U.T but nevermind...\" Tray,Eilly,Jack,and Lilly walked into the battle area. \"Let's get this over with\" said Tray getting ready. \"Begin!\" They ran in blinding speed and attacked the Narufans but of course they put up a Jack dodged the upcoming attacks \"Boy time for a new trick-\" \"Don't you dare\" Eilly interrupted Jack who only sent team Narufans packing. \"Nice one pal\" said Tray congratulating him \"Thanks let's go\" said Jack and the others leaving the arena. \"That was a fierce battle but time for the fourth match it's Team Obnuvious Versus Team Striker!\" All of the fans went crazy over these two teams. \"We love you Obnuvious\" \"Wipe the floor with them Strikers!\" As the battle went on the leader Obnuvious had lost 1 member in battle against Striker but they managed to get ride of Striker's three members but Striker took down two more members of Obnuvious \"This battle is so intense that it will be hard to decide who the winner will be!\" Obnuvious and Striker was doing hand to hand combat of course Striker was hoping on it because when he got an opening on Obnuvious he blasted him downwards \"Oh no Obnuvious!\" yelled a member, Obnuvious pulled up and used his secret technique \"Secret technique….Dark moon!\" yelled Obnuvious, out of now where a Dark moon appeared and the stadium was covered in fog 'How will they fight in Obnuvious's fog? This is going to be a hard battle!\" Striker saw Obnuvious and decided to attack him \"Force Striker!\" a green blast hit him. \"That was weak!\" said Obnuvious sending a dark ball directly at Striker, (Dark moon is a trap move that makes you look vounerable while the enemy falls for it) And Striker was out but the power of that blast was so strong it nearly killed Striker \"Obnuvious is a cheat!\" Tray yelled disappearing. When the stadiumwas uncovered he saw that Striker was on the side lines badly injured. Obnuvious scolded him \"How bout you take me on instead!\" Tray challenged him \"Ugh okay\" Obnuvious said \"But it was a 1 on 1\" Obnuvious defeated Jack and Lilly easily, he struggled against Eilly so she forfieted and now it was Tray's turn. Obnuvious kept a close eye on him \"Tell me your name kid before i destroy you\" Obnuvious asked \"Trayvon Nimakaze, the best on my team\" said Tray stretching \"Ok im Obnuvious Demetrius Gardner let's fight!\" said Obnuvious rushing him, Tray stapled stretching and ran towards him as well shouting \"Obnuvious!\" Obnuvious shouted back \"Trayvon!\" cheered the two team members from their sides \"Huh?\" said Tray looking behind him and he saw darkness covering the stadium very slowly and very carefully. \"What's going on here?\" asked Obnuvious watching the darkness getting closer in front of them \"Did you do this?!\" Obnuvious yelled at him, Tray shook his head and says \"You'd wish..Wait a minute if it's not you or me..then\" Tray stopped talking for a second \"Obnuvious we have a problem\" said Tray \"A problem?\" asked Obnuvious, the darkness fully ate them. Time seemed to slowed down things was weird Obnuvious and Tray looked into the darkness not sure what they should do \"I don't care about the dark im still going to destroy you\" said Obnuvious rushing him, Tray alerted himself and shouted \"Wait Obnuvious-\" After seeing it had no effect Tray and obnuvious flew at each other in the dark. That's when everything stopped moving and when the darkness cleared they was gone! \"Where did Tray go?\" asked Lilly \"I don't know but he can handle himself\" said Eilly getting serious \"Of course he can after all he is Trayvon Nimakaze\" said Eilly winking. \"Eilly rubbed her hands on her jeans and says \"All we have to do is wait for him to return.\" SO THIS WAS A SOME WHAT SHORT CHAPTER BUT I HOPED YOU ENJOYED IT CHAPTER I HOPE YOU ENJOYED IT LOVE U MY FANS[Chapter 7] OK SO HERE I AM WITH NTHE LAST TWO CHAPTERS COMING YOUR WAY IN A HURRY SO LET'S REFRESH OBNUVIOUS DEFEATED THREE MEMBERS OF TEAM TUT BUT NOW HE'S AFTER TRAY LET'S MEET THE CAST REAL MOVIE STARS: TRAY: OK SO NOW OBNUVIOUS WANTS TO FIGHT ME FOR SAVING STRIKER EILLY:YEP BUT ANYWAU JACK WILL SAY THE DISCLAIMER LILLY:HE SURE WILL JACK: DISCLAIMER THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING BECAUSE HE CREATED IT HIMSELF SO IN SHORT WORDS THERE ARE NO DISCLAIMERS TATA! OH AND ONWARD! (INNER) CHAPTER 7: FOREVER RIVALS! (TRAY HAD JUST SAVED STRIKER FROM OBNUVIOUS DEVASTATING ATTACK THAT NEARLY KILLED HIM AND NOW OBNUVIOUS FOUND HIMSELF RUSHING TRAY BUT THE DARKNESS COVERED THEM COMPLETELY) Tray flew through the darkness after a clash like that he seemed to be enjoying himself along the way to victory. \"Who do you think you are coming in the middle of a fight like that?!\" raged Obnuvious shaking his fist at him \"Wel well…my name is Tray\" said Tray looking around and noticed that they both have been transported to some dimension of red and black. \"Where are we?\" Obnuvious asked him. \"I don't know we probably got disqualified because of you Obnuvious\" Tray was angry he really wanted to win that Tournament \"What are you going to do about it!\" obnuvious charged a attack at Tray and missed \"We-\" tray was interrupted by a voice 'Hello fighters I have brought you here for the battle of my power!.' \"Power well excuse me all I need is-\" 'My power is so great that even the mightiest warriors will fall.' Tray looked at Obnuvious who seemed interested in this. A white light formed into a girl who looked about 9 years old 'I am the light keeper call me Crystal..i sensed the power between you two and decided that maybe It was time for me to pass my power onto someone with real power' Tray only smirked like it was a joke. 'But in order for you two to get this power must know the truth behind my power I will not teach you how to use it..you may use my power for good or destruction but beware they both come at a price' \"What price are we dealing with here?\" Tray asked her 'The two of you will fight to the finish-' \"What!-\" 'But not now so I give you two fragments of my power this will let you know who is who when you have forgotten the other so from here on out you two are now forever rivals!' Crystal wanted to test their power \"Fight!\" said Crystal \"Wait fight as in-\" Obnuvious saw Tray was off guard and decided to go in for a opening. \"Uhh..\" said Tray taking the hit to the face \"That was cheap\" said Tray punching Obnuvious in the face \"How do you like that!\" laughed Tray \"Well see who's laughing\" said Obnuvious charging his attack \"Now where having fun\" said Tray charging his as well. \"This will prove I am the surperior!\" yelled Obnuvious letting his fly \"What ever you say\" said Tray But a white light came \"What's going on?\" asked Tray, the next thing he knew he was on his home planet with his friends but Obnuvious was also sent to his home planet as well. Tray looked around they wasn't in the arena anymore they was back on Forthesis. \"Where exactly did you and Obnuvious go?\" Eilly asked \"I don't know\" \"When the light covered you two it was then you disappeared and after that we find you here and now this...We have to talk\" said Jack \"No we don't\" said Tray going to his room not telling them what exactly happened so he fell asleep.[Chapter 8] OK SO IM BACK WITH THIS LAST THRILLING CHAPTER ENJOY IT MOVIE STARS: TRAY: BOY THIS IS GOING TO BE FUN! KATE: IF YOU SAY SO TRAY JACK: DISCLAIMER THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING..OH AND IGNORE THE CATEGORY LILLY:HERE WE GO EVERYONE ONE LAST FIGHT FOR THIS MOIVIE GOO I MEAN ONWARD WITH THE STORY! CHAPTER 8: assault on homeplanet! A FEW HOURS LATER THAT DAY Tray woke up because he heard a alarm in the main frame room \" just great I come for a nap and im back up at what..2:30 am\" tray got up and went to the secret passage in his home and entered the password 'password accepted' a light scanned tray and sucked him inside , when he looked around he saw the planet fortheses sending out a s.o.s for help \"fortheses..what's going on here?\" tray tapped on the keyboard and he saw a new threat attacking his planet. \"I got to warn the others-\" \"or maybe we can leave now\" tray turned around and saw jack , lilly and eilly all strapped up and ready for battle \"we already got up when we heard the first beep\" jack sent a response back to fortheses letting them know they was one their way \"all set..kortheize kojing!\" lilly pushed the button and all four of them was in fortheses main frame with trayvon and kate \"thank god you four picked up the call\" \"trayvon what's going on?\" eilly asked him \"Jeffery their back\" said trayvon \"who's back?\"asked jack \"the crawlers of the night and day\"said kate \"no!\" jack, trayvon and kate ran out in the open. with guns and troops \"why don't those two use their powers-\" \" because the crawlers..will shoot back at them plus they'll eat their power any time they want to\" said jack interrupting jodelle. tray looked at lilly \"and how do you know all of this?\"asked tray \"because.,..it happened to my dad before..they sucked all his power out of him every inch…until he died\" said jack shooting faster. then lilly ran outside shooting at the crawlers \"one more time with these guns\" said lilly \" you got it\" said tray grabbing on of them and shooting at the crawlers. \"you got it\" and they both ran outside helping out the team , the crawlers had four legs and they was dark purple with blacks eyes and they shoot out toxic waste which can kill a immortal in a second \"so are you having fun killing these things or do I have to show you what I can really do?\"said eilly \"show me fearless leader\" said tray, eilly dropped her guns and flew up into the sky and shot barrages of energy blasts at the crawlers..after a lot of firing the crawlers retreated in defeat they teleported out and never was to show again…Eilly, Tray,Lilly and jack was being rewarded medals for their brave act \"we reward you four with the medal of bravery and appreciation\" the mayor put the medals on their necks \"if you four ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask..and if you need any help at all just give us a call\" after that tray,lilly and eilly plus jack all went to earth recruiting more partners for tut \"so we successfully saved another planet and in return we have them in our graditude how shall we celebrate?\" \"mmmm…how about we..go out to eat!\" \"yeah\" \" sounds good\" \"I'd like that\" \"ok then but where…old country buffet\" yeah!\" and they all flew towards old country buffet SO WAS THIS OK SRRY I'LL UPDATE SOON ANYWAY PART 2 WILL BE ON'IT'S WAY SOON SO ENJOY MY OTHER SIX STORIES GOOD BYE FOR NOW MY LOYAL FAN'S OH AND THIS WAS A TWO PARTER BUT IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN BYEE! ","Summary":" OK THIS IS MY NEW STORY TRAY'S NEW LIFE NEVERMIND THE CATEGORY MOVIE STARS I CAN'T EXACTLY POINT IT"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"No such time like the present","Author":"KatanaSabaku","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9221439","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hey guys, it's my first time writing something non-fictional, so please be gentle. I watched Struck by Lightning and it was one of the most inspiring movies that I ever saw. The plot was amazing. I wish there were more movies like that which revolves in the reality of life and life in high school. Disclaimer: I don't own anything except for the plot and my original character. Please enjoy and review! :D The morning I had woken up on was, as usual, calm and bleary, my room still dim. Slivers of sunlight peeked through the green curtains and brightened the start of my day just a little bit. I got out of bed and got ready for school, just like any other normal day. I'm Raewyn Evans, seventeen years old, a senior in high school and an only daughter to a widowed man. In my seventeen years of existence here in the humble town of Clover, there's three things that I've learned to believe in. One is normality. Of all the blessings that have been given to me, I'd like to think that I'm grateful for normality the most. Normality meant peace and order and routine. It meant going to school ten hours a day, five times a week; it meant spending Saturday evenings at some junior's house that I'm tutoring and Sundays staying inside the house with my father the whole day. See? I like routines, too. The second thing I believe in is the power of hard work. Hard work equates to a successful future. Hence, the straight A's, the determination and the patience that I show in my stressful extracurricular activities after school. My third belief sounds a little cliché, especially given my first two and I've yet to experience it first-hand. Love. Yeah, I believe in love. I believe that two people, any two people, could meet someday and just fall in love. There's no need for reasons, no need for the phrase 'I love him/her because of this and that'. It would be simple and clear and just plain love for each other. It's what my late mother taught me. Before my mom died and left me and my dad alone, I saw how my parents would interact everyday. My mom would wake up exactly ten minutes before Dad does and she'd go downstairs to fix breakfast. While the coffee was brewing, she'd wake me and Dad up with a kiss; me on the forehead and Dad with a loving peck on the lips. Dad would smile at her and kiss her again before getting ready for work and head downstairs to gobble down his toast and eggs. After breakfast, he'd usher me to the car with a grin and throw Mom a teasing wink, saying goodbye by kissing her yet again and then proceeding to drive me to school and then himself to work. It was always, always like that. Our mornings were made of the three things I believe in. The hard work of Mom and Dad, the evident love between them and of course, the normality of everything. Oh, and speaking of normality, I needed to get going for school. It's 5:45 already and despite Clover High being only a five-minute drive away, I like arriving there ten minutes early. Marching downstairs and heading for the kitchen table to write Dad a short 'Good morning!' greeting with a smiley face at the end on a piece of Post-it, I placed it beside his coffee and his plate of eggs, jogging afterwards to the front door. As usual, I took out my keys from my left jeans pocket and threw my bag on the passenger's seat. The drive to school was fast and quiet. The hallways made my head ache again, the one thing I'd rather not have in my every day routine. It was crowded and stifling, people shoving people away, locker doors banging noisily and mouths chattering non-stop. The hallways were like the epitome of utter chaos, a miniature warzone of sorts. And it smelled so bad; imagine fifty different colognes and perfumes spraying into the air at the same time, then add in the scent of sweat and body odor. Yes, it was that horrible. I held my breath for as long as I could as I desperately dodged and pushed past other students. I had Algebra 2 as homeroom and we were supposed to have a quiz today. I can't afford to lose my brain cells to the stench. \"Cattle! Cattle, cattle! Slow cattle. Fat cattle.\" The sharp, snarky voice echoed amidst the noise of the student body and it caught my attention. I turned my head, stopping just for a minute to look at the person biting out the insults. A small smile reached my face once I saw who it was that was pushing people aside without a care: Carson Phillips, possibly the only person in Clover High that still made sense. I know what they say about him: Loser, perfectionist, sarcastic, overachiever, weird. But honestly, I couldn't care less. I still think he's perfectly sane, despite all the people who hated him. We were classmates back then in middle school (Clover is a really, really small town) but somehow we never talked to each other. I knew him, in a way. He was ambitious, a good writer, he knew what he wanted and he worked hard to get it. He's smart too, and determined. For those qualities, I respect him. Sure he was sarcastic and a tad bit cynical. So what? We were teenagers and all of us had those sides. The only difference was that he had the guts to actually show that side of himself to the rest of the world. \"Shoo! Get the hell out of my way. Cattle, cattle!\" I saw him approaching in my direction and immediately, I rushed off. I may think he's alright, but I'm definitely not okay with getting shoved off to the side by him. When I found myself in a safe position to stand still—in the small gap in between lockers, if you're curious—I scanned the crowd again and saw him already ahead of me. I sighed a little sadly. Carson was too headstrong, too busy to even stop and take a minute to relax. Ah well, I guess he was just that eager to get away from this town. He probably doesn't even remember me anymore. Middle school seemed so far away from where we were now… The quiz we had was followed shortly by another discussion about a new lesson. Mr. Coughs-a-lot (don't worry, it's a nickname, not his real name), our Math teacher, coughed into his hand (get the point of the nickname now?) before launching into an introduction about imaginary numbers. He asked us to turn our books to a designated page number and jotted down an equation on the board. The room was silent as we copied the equation in our notebooks, my fingers keeping a firm grip on my pen as I wrote the numbers in my clean, round handwriting. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa.\" For the second time that day, I found myself craning my neck to look back and see who it was. The only difference was, this time I wasn't the only one who was intrigued. The whole class turned its attention to Carson who sat on the fourth chair at the back, his face tainted with obvious disbelief and irritation. \"What's the i ?\" He asked the teacher with his eyebrows furrowed and his hands open in a confused gesture. \"The i signifies an imaginary number.\" Came the brief explanation and it came with a cough. I bit my lower lip down to prevent the laughter from bubbling up. I couldn't help it. Don't get me wrong, he was a nice guy and I wasn't a bad student. It's just that, why did he have to cough every single time? Carson, though, didn't look amused. He was still disapproving of the whole turn of events. \"There are imaginary numbers now?\" He asked rhetorically, looking a lot angrier now. \"Are there unicorns the next lesson?\" He snapped again and the teacher frowned. As if on cue, half of the class rolled their eyes and muttered comments under their breaths. The other half decided to ignore him. The minority—and by that, I mean, me—raised both eyebrows in genuine surprise. I didn't know he disliked Math. Maybe it was the lesson. Or maybe it was the teacher? \"Mr. Phillips, please. Refrain from making unnecessary remarks during class.\" Our teacher scolded in a nasal tone, sniffing in annoyance. \"Let's go back to our topic.\" Carson threw him a glare and snorted begrudgingly and it was the end of the argument. The class went back into silence and Mr. Coughs-a-lot continued to write down equations for us to copy. After a few more minutes of writing and explaining and coughing (seriously), our teacher glanced back at the clock that hung on the wall at the back and checked his own wrist watch, just to make sure. \"Alright. Class dismissed.\" As soon as he had said that, the classroom cleared out faster than someone could say 'Imaginary numbers'. I guess it was obvious what subject students hated the most. It was a shame they did; Math wasn't complicated, it was just…um, challenging, at times. Closing my notebook and capping my pen, I unzipped my bag and stuffed in my things carefully. Closing it, I got up and walked to the door, only to be stopped by Mr. Coughs-a-lot on the way. \"Ms. Evans, a word with you.\" Frowning, I turned back and walked toward his desk in confusion. \"Sir?\" I voiced out from his side, watching him as he cleared up the scattered papers at his table and wondering what he could possibly want from me. I'm sure it wasn't detention…was it? As far as I could recall, I'd done nothing wrong. I listened and kept quiet, I did my homework. I'm pretty sure I aced the quiz earlier as well. So what was the problem? The sound of his throat clearing cut me off from my thoughts. I blinked rapidly and focused at his face, hesitantly returning the polite smile he offered me. \"Please, sit down.\" He gestured at the chair on the front row with his hand. Swallowing back down my nervousness, I trudged towards the chair and sat, shifting uncomfortably in my seat. I still didn't have the slightest clue where this conversation was heading. Sighing inwardly, I decided to be straightforward about it. \"So!\" I prompted with forced cheerfulness, smiling awkwardly when my teacher chuckled. \"Do you still tutor, Evans?\" Oh. Oh …. I relaxed immediately once I realized what he was asking. \"Yes.\" I answered with a nod, smiling and this time, meaning it. \"I still do, Mr. Grace.\" I said. I didn't join any of the clubs in Clover High when I first started off as a freshman here and I never did. None of the clubs felt right for me. The cheerleading club was too intimidating, Drama club was too extravagant and dramatic, Yearbook club was boring, the Celibacy club took too much time, and I don't sing or play musical instruments, so no way I'm joining Clover High Choir. The Writer's Club…Well, let's just say writing is a sore topic for me. It's not that I'm bad at writing; it's actually a passion of mine. Nothing ever makes me feel so good than when I'm with a pen and a piece of blank paper, just writing my heart out and letting the ideas flow. But, like I said, I just don't do it anymore. Incidents happen and things change. I'd rather not reminisce again. So instead, I got stuck with part-time tutoring as my extracurricular, taking advantage of my high grades. I'm particularly content with my situation. \"That's good.\" Mr. Grace said cautiously, coughing into his hand (gee, what a surprise!) and looking down at his lap for a quick moment before glancing up at me. \"Could I, perhaps,\" he began again, picking up a pen and fiddling with it, \"ask you to tutor one of your own classmates?\" \"Sure.\" I replied without a second thought, grinning and reaching for my bag. \"I'll just check my schedule so I can work it out. Is it an after-class session or could we do it on weekends? 'Cause, you see, I'm kind of busy during—\" \"Great!\" Looking utterly relieved, Mr. Grace interrupted me and smiled in a way that had me questioning my decision to agree with it. He seemed so…pleased with himself. That can't be good. \"You can start right away! As for the schedule, you'll have to meet your classmate to work it out between yourselves, alright? Tell you what\", he coughed shortly and grinned once more, and I'll admit, it was getting creepier by the second, \"you teach this guy and if he gets a score of above 75 in our next exam, I'll give you an additional grade for it. Sound good?\" \"Um…\" He coughed. \"Well?\" \"O-Okay.\" I answered uncertainly, frowning. I bit my lip and reached for my bag, standing up with it instead of opening it and looking for my schedule. It was Tuesday today and I'd be meeting him tomorrow after class, if he's available. That seemed fair enough. Perhaps I could go meet that person now, just to work out our schedules properly and settle the awkwardness that may arise between us. \"Who am I supposed to tutor again?\" I asked, already dreading the answer. There came that smile again. He said it was a guy. There were a lot of guys who were having trouble in Algebra 2. Oh god, what if it was George, the guy with the crazy piercings all over his face? What if it was Walter, that jerk who threw paper airplanes during Physics class? Or, or Justin Walker, the quarterback? Or Emilio, El Salvadoran exchange student? Shit, I can't speak Spanish! \"Congratulations,\" Mr. Coughs-a-lot drawled out with that stupid, stupid grin of his and propped both his elbows onto the desk, \"you'll be tutoring Carson Phillips.\" \"Hey, Raewyn, over here!\" At the sound of my name being called, I searched the crowd present in the cafeteria and found Remy waving her hand in the air. A grin appeared in my face at the sight of the enthusiastic blonde girl. Remy Baker, vice-president of the Student Council, editor of the school's yearbook, is my friend. Yes, believe it or not, I'm friends with her. I have friends too; I'm not some kind of loner. Remy's an interesting girl. She's sensible and funny and she talks a lot. She's a little bit self-righteous at times, but that's alright with me. She tolerates my boringness and lack of fun in return. \"Hi, Remy.\" I sat on the chair beside hers and placed my tray on the table and bag on the free seat next to me. Remy smiled widely, leaned in and began to chatter about her day before I could even pick up the sandwich that I bought. \"Guess what's coming up!\" She squealed out after the daily report of how her morning went. I bit into my sandwich and chewed thoughtfully, looking straight into her expectant stare. \"Um…\" I started, swallowing, \"I don't know.\" She rolled her eyes at me and pulled away, slumping into her chair. \"Homecoming, Wyn!\" She said and glared at me. I could only shrug in reply. \"Seriously, do you even call yourself a student? Aren't you just a tiny bit excited about this?\" \"No.\" She pouted. \"But why not? Homecoming's fun! Live a little!\" I sighed loudly, dropping my sandwich back to the tray in favor of my bottled water. \"Look, as much fun as Homecoming could get, I can't find myself caring. I still won't go.\" I told her, ignoring the look of disbelief on her face. \"I'm busy. I have students to tutor and after that, someone needs to fix dinner at the house.\" Remy scowled at me, crossing her arms. \"You sound like a stressed out housewife.\" She spat, clearly upset about what I just told her. \"Yeah, well…\" I gave her a lopsided smile. \"I'll make it up to you some other time.\" \"You always say that.\" \"Fine.\" Pausing to take a mouthful of water, I gulped it down and leaned in. \"I won't be coming to Homecoming but\", I said, smiling at the way she looked up hopefully, \"I'll make sure to join you guys in this year's Sadie Hawkins Dance. 'Kay?\" She let herself grin brightly again. \"Okay. You promise?\" \"I promise.\" \"Okay!\" She clapped excitedly, earning us a few looks from other tables. I fought back a smile of my own. She was always easy to please. I heard her sigh in content and opened a notebook that was placed on her right. Remy kept a lot of notebooks in her bag, so many that I found myself giving up counting them. She said she needed them for planning the yearbook themes and for taking notes during Student council meetings but we both knew she bought them because she found the covers cute. \"So\", she said, cheerful tone back in place, \"how's your day so far? Anything new? Anything…interesting?\" By interesting, I think she meant 'anything non-academic related'. I took in a deep breath and shrugged simply. \"Mr. Grace asked me for a favor this morning.\" I said, keeping my voice light. She wouldn't be pleased with this piece of information, no matter how interesting it may seem. \"Mr. Grace? The Math teacher who coughs a lot?\" I snickered under my breath and nodded. \"Yeah. That one. He asked me if I could tutor this guy.\" One of her thin eyebrows rose up and she looked positively evil. Her lips curled up into a devious smile, one which I knew would fade away as soon as I tell her who it was. \"This guy? Well?\" She pressed on giddily. \"Who is it?\" \"It's…a classmate.\" \"What's his name?\" \"It's a secret.\" \"But why?\" \"I'd rather not tell you.\" \"Come on! I won't judge!\" She insisted, desperate to know. Her eyes widened just then. \"Is he cute? I bet he is, or else you wouldn't hesitate telling me. Is he popular?\" She said in a stage-whisper, giggling in excitement. Nervously, I smiled, thinking back. Well, I do find him cute, handsome even, with the air of seriousness around him. And he is popular…in a twisted, infamous sort of way. \"Um…yeah, I guess?\" I supplied hesitantly and she frowned at the obvious way I looked lost. Rolling her eyes, she dragged her chair closer to mine, invading my personal space. I tried not to flinch at the noise the chair made as its legs scratched against the tiles. \"Raewyn, come on.\" Remy urged again, looking up from underneath her eyelashes and giving me her best puppy stare yet. \"We're friends. You can trust me with this. Please?\" \"Fine.\" I sighed, turning my head away to look down at the floor. I took in a breath and counted to three. \"It's Carson Phillips.\" \" WHAT ?!\" Our neighboring tables shushed her and both of us shrank back in our seats, her biting her lip to prevent herself from screaming again and me groaning and hiding my face behind my hands. This was a disaster. I shouldn't have told her. Remy hated Carson more than she hated ugly pictures in her yearbook. They clashed like oil and water and they could never get along. Perhaps one reason is that they were so much alike. Both were driven, both had big dreams for the future and they had no qualms whatsoever on getting their hands dirty. The only visible difference I see is that Carson is a tall guy and Remy is half his height and is a girl. \"Carson freaking Phillips?\" I heard Remy hiss out angrily after everyone lost interest in us and went back to minding their businesses. \"Of all the—Of all the people in this freaking school, you have to tutor that arrogant asshole?\" She ranted, throwing her hands up and threatening to tear out her hair. Glancing up, I narrowed my eyes and scowled. \"You said you wouldn't judge.\" I snapped, feeling hurt that she reacted so badly. It's not like I had a choice on who I tutored. She knew that. \"I know what I said.\" Remy grumbled, pouting. \"But I—\" She stopped in mid-sentence, eyes widening again. I rolled my eyes and let out a heavy sigh. \"Now what?\" I whined, already tired of her complaints. I think I've heard every possible insult she could throw at Carson. It was becoming exhausting. She looked at me, expression half accusing and half horrified as she said, \"You said he was cute.\" She said coldly, eyes narrowing in suspicion. I paled and fidgeted in my seat. \"No. You said he was cute.\" I corrected. \"I merely agreed.\" Her mouth dropped open in shock and I resisted the urge to grab my things and run for it. To hell with saving this friendship; this was the most awkward and unwelcome conversation I ever had. \"You think he's cute!\" Remy hissed in accusation, glaring at me. \"No, I—\" \"You do!\" \"Fine!\" I relented, huffing out indignantly. \"Yes, I do. So what? What does it matter if I find him cute?\" Her eyes widened for the third time around and I mentally wondered if it was physically possible that eyeballs would pop out of their sockets. Hers seemed to be in the borderline of jumping out. \"Omygod.\" She whispered in realization, her hands gripping the edge of the table. I stared her down, unimpressed. I could feel a head ache coming around and it was the last thing I needed. I was still supposed to meet Carson after class. Damn it. \"Oh my god.\" She said clearer this time, a smile breaking out of her face. I gave her a skeptical glance. Was she going insane? She squealed so suddenly that I winced for real and scooted away from her. \"Oh. My. God.\" Remy laughed out, chuckling and giving me a look that said 'I just found out something you don't know'. \"I know what this is. You have a crush on Carson Phillips.\" She blurted out and I froze in my seat. What? W-Wait, what? \"What?\" I snapped out incredulously, unable to process how things escalated to this. \"How did you get to that conclusion?\" I asked her, looking scarred for life. Remy merely grinned at my reaction. \"It's true. See? You're blushing.\" \"I'm blushing because I'm appalled.\" I shot back, feeling queasy. So I found him cute. So I respected him. So what? It doesn't mean I have a crush on him! I sighed, forcing myself to get back the control I had. I shook my head and looked at Remy again, rolling my eyes at the way she was still giggling uncontrollably. \"Okay, you had your fun. Can we stop now? This is getting ridiculous.\" \"Ridiculous but true.\" I scowled. \"I don't have a crush on him.\" \"You do.\" She said, sounding so sure of herself. \"And because I'm such a great friend, I'm willing to push aside my hate for him in order for your love to bloom.\" \"Your words make me sick.\" \"Acceptance is the first stage to love, Raewyn.\" \"I do not have a crush on Carson, Remy.\" I told her, emphasizing everything word for word. She gasped, putting a hand on her chest and looking offended. I wondered what I did wrong this time around. \"You did not just use my name and his name in the same sentence!\" Oh. That. I cleared my throat, sparing her a tentative gaze. \"I'm sorry?\" I tried, no longer putting effort in apologizing. This was tiresome. Remember how I said she was sensible? I take it back. Why am I friends with her again? I looked up at the wall clock of the cafeteria and sighed, grabbing my bag and standing up. \"Look, Remy, I gotta go. I'm going to be late for Chemistry.\" \"Oh, sure.\" She said, blinking and turning to check the time as well. She stood up with me and piled her notebooks on top of each other before lifting them up and shoving them inside her shoulder bag. \"I need to get going too. I have English.\" I nodded once, pleased that she finally dropped the topic. \"So, I'll see you tomorrow?\" \"Tomorrow?\" She asked. \"Aren't you available after class?\" \"I have to meet Carson to work on our schedule.\" Remy grinned again and I began walking away. \"Right.\" She said, snickering. \"Have fun with your date, Raewyn!\" I have never felt more embarrassed in my entire life. Where was the normality in this day?[Chapter 2] It was hard to think straight with this migraine pounding in my head. I'd thought correctly when I noticed the telltale signs of a headache coming my way: the swimming vision, burning heat radiating off my face and clammy hands. It must've been from me over-thinking again. I had just gone out of my History classroom and my nerves were on fire. Our professor dismissed us roughly fifteen minutes ago, yet I stayed behind, deliberately taking my time in shoving my notebooks inside my bag. I even took it upon myself to tidy up the room, arranging the chairs into organized rows and wiping the dry erase board clean so that my pounding head could relax. I had scanned the room thoroughly, looking for something else to fix, only to find that there was none left. Dammit. Sighing and rolling back my tense shoulders, I adjusted the strap of my body bag and began walking for the journalism classroom. If I recalled correctly, Carson always stayed there after classes to work on the latest edition of Clover High Chronicle, the school's newspaper, despite the fact that the Writer's Club only held meetings during Wednesdays. I knew that because I saw him that one time from when I got home late after a tutoring session. It's not like I was intentionally stalking him. It was just that one time…and another time after that. But I swear, both times were coincidental! Poor guy though, he must be working himself hard. Maybe it would be better if I didn't interrupt him today… I groaned out loud and mentally slapped myself. I could feel my headache worsening but I can't make excuses for every time that I had to meet him. It'll get me nowhere. Brushing back the strands of hair that fell on the sides of my face, I took a left and continued my sluggish, reluctant pace. I didn't even know why I was so worked up about this. It was just Carson Phillips—for goodness' sakes, not some celebrity—that I needed to tutor. Remy might've thought that I harbored a crush on him but I didn't. And I really don't like him. I don't, I don't, I don't. Well, I can't , a bitter voice inside my head that I hadn't known existed added stubbornly, even if he's as brilliant as I think he is, he's too out-there, too keen on getting out of this town. I'm staying here; and I'm staying forever. The two of us have two very different, very opposite goals in life. Besides, he probably doesn't even know I exist anyway… Shaking my head resolutely with my lips pursed, I blinked into focus and nearly collided with a closed door. I stumbled back safely just in time. Pasted on the surface of the door was a washed-out paper held up by tape and it read in big, black letters: Journalism Classroom. Behind the closed door, I could hear the muffled noise of an open computer and the sound of a ceiling fan working. Taking in a shaky breath, I pushed aside my hesitance and knocked three times, the noise echoing loudly in the empty hallways. I waited for a few seconds, expecting to hear some scrambling inside the room and for the door to open. It didn't and I frowned. Did I make a mistake? Had he gone home and unknowingly left me knocking on an empty classroom after all? Swallowing and frowning tighter, I knocked thrice for the second time around. Again, there was no response and I felt my hope die down. Perhaps, he had already gone home. Discouraged, I went in for the last resort, grabbing the door knob firmly. If the door was indeed locked, then yes, I'm going home too. I can just meet him tomorrow before or after the Writer's Club meeting. I turned the knob tentatively and to my surprise, it clicked open. The humming of the open computer sounded much clearer from the tiny opening. Wait, had he been ignoring me? Blinking and scowling at the thought, I yanked open the door further with a little more force than I intended, stopping it with my hand just in time before it banged with the wall outside. My irritation went away at the sight that welcomed me. In front of the noisy computer sat Carson Phillips on his chair, his shoulders slumped down and his head buried down on his crossed arms. The slight rise and fall of his upper back confirmed that he was sleeping. Immediately, I felt guilty for being upset. He probably would've made some sort of effort to at least ask who it was—instead of ignoring the knocking like I had thought—if he was awake. Carson may come off as a snarky person but he was probably polite enough to do that. Staring at him for a few more seconds, uncertainty took its place in me. What should I do now? Should I wake him up and introduce myself? Or was that rude? Should I leave him alone since he was sleeping? I mean, he looked exhausted and besides, I can meet him tomorrow… Or was leaving him there rude, too? He might have something planned for the evening and it would be too bad if he was late for it. \"This is so stupid…\" I sighed tiredly and ran a hand through my hair. Placing a closed fist on my hip, I stared at him intently and made up my mind. Fine, I'd wake him. If he became upset later on with the decision I made, then so be it. I stalked forward, making sure my footsteps were light and quiet, and stopped beside him. \"Carson.\" I said and paused, his name sounding weird coming out from my mouth. Wetting my lips slightly, I reached out for his shoulder, feeling the firm muscles bulging underneath his blue shirt. Damn it, this was not the time for inappropriate thoughts! Flushing red in frustration and embarrassment, I gripped him harder and shook his shoulder. I cleared my throat and called out. \"Hey, wake up. Carson, wake up.\" He began to stir from the all shaking I did and groaned, his brown head lifting up slowly to look at me. I took away my hand and allowed him to gather his foggy thoughts. Frowning, he looked at me through his narrowed gaze and I noticed just then that his eyes were a weird combination of grey, blue and green. \"What?\" He asked, his voice sounding slightly rough from sleep. \"You fell asleep.\" I pointed out lamely, unable to think of anything else to say. Thankfully, he ignored my unintelligent reply and turned to the bright computer screen. His eyes widened once he glanced at the taskbar. \"Shit!\" He swore loudly and I jerked away, startled at his reaction. What just happened? \"I must've lost track of time. Stupid article.\" He muttered harshly and stood up, ignoring my presence in the room. He gathered his things and collected the papers scattered messily on his desk, mumbling things under his breath, most of which I missed. I only caught a few words like 'Grandma' and 'late' and 'fucking uncooperative members'. Really, the only thing I could do was gape at him while he cleaned up like an angry hurricane. \"Hey?\" I snapped up at the sudden question. How long was I staring at space? Based from the curious look Carson gave me, I'd say long enough to make me look like an idiot. I shifted from where I stood awkwardly and nodded at him. \"Hey.\" I said back and paused to think of my next words. He was staring at me like he was expecting something and I couldn't help but feel pressured. \"I'm—W-Well, Mr. Grace, he…I'm s-supposed to—\" \"Whoa, hey, calm down.\" Carson cut me off and held up both hands before him, obviously taken aback by my broken tirade. Great, five minutes after we met and I was already scaring him with my stupid stuttering. He probably thought I was an incompetent fool. What was wrong with me? \"Um\", Carson began tentatively, looking as if he didn't know what to make of me. That's alright; I didn't know what to make of myself either. \"Sorry about that…I probably scared you with all the swearing I did.\" What? I blinked rapidly at his casual apology. He thought I got scared of him? \"No, it's okay.\" I said when I regained my voice back. \"I'm…\" Taking in a deep breath to support my courage, I let it out part by part and continued, \"Well, I heard you were having trouble in Algebra 2?\" I offered helpfully, relaxing once I realized that we were falling into the conversation I wanted all along: a normal one that meant business. \"Mr. Grace asked me to tutor you.\" He glanced quickly at the door then back at me. He looked like he couldn't wait to get out of the room and I took no offense in that. Even I wanted to bolt out of this room as soon as I can. Carson nodded once, shifting from one foot to another. \"Yeah, I kind of figured that out.\" I nodded too and we fell into a tense silence. Carson looked around the room, impatiently drumming his fingers against the strap of his messenger bag. I gripped mine in a tight hold, looking down on the ground, just to avoid his gaze. Finally, Carson snapped. \"Look\", he sighed out awkwardly, \"I gotta go. I'm tired and kind of late for something…\" I glanced up, relieved that he took the initiative to say goodbye. \"Yeah, okay.\" I agreed, trying hard to not sound as eager as I really was. \"We can talk tomorrow.\" At my reply, he all but jogged happily to the open doorway and ran out. I watched the empty hallways for a moment and sighed, slumping down and sitting myself on the edge of the computer desk. What a messy day. I sat in peaceful silence for a few minutes, relishing in my calm surroundings and the comforting hum of the computer. Oh, Carson forgot to turn it off. Resisting the urge to sigh again, I went around the desk and bent down to reach for the mouse, not bothering to sit down properly. I closed all the open tabs in the internet browser and clicked the shut down button. I stared at the screen as it went from bright to pitch black in a matter of seconds. \"Hey.\" I looked up at the door, surprised to see Carson peeking from behind one of the doorframes. That's funny, I didn't hear him come back again. I straightened up unconsciously. \"Yeah?\" \"Raewyn Evans…right?\" I tried to contain my shock this time but I obviously failed, if his almost smug expression said anything. Well, it seems that I was proven wrong once more. Apparently, he did know that I existed. I cleared my throat. \"Yeah.\" I told him with a quick nod. \"Just call me Raewyn.\" \"Okay.\" Looking down on the floor, his earlier expression fell into a thoughtful frown. I waited expectantly. Carson looked up at me again, biting his lip with obvious discomfort. \"By the way, thanks.\" He said the word 'thanks' uneasily, almost as if he wasn't used to thanking people. I wonder how often people did him favors, whether willingly or not. \"For what?\" \"For waking me up.\" \"Oh.\" He released a noncommittal grunt. \"Yeah…\" With another bob of his head and a forced crooked smile on his face, he raised his hand to give me a tentative wave. \"Bye.\" I managed a weak smile of my own and waved clumsily. \"Bye, Carson.\" He was out of sight before I could even finish saying his name. The sound of the door opening and the 'Wyn, I'm home!' greeting that came after it had never felt so comforting to hear before. I stood up from where I sat on the dining table with a wide smile and walked towards the tall man in the coat and tie to give him a hug. \"Hey, Dad.\" I said after pulling back from the hug and caught a smile identical to the one I had on his tired face. He rarely looked at ease anymore. After Mom died, my dad had to quit his old job in the city and look for one here so he could come home every night. He settled here in Clover as an accountant and although I know next to nothing about being one, I could tell that he wasn't particularly happy with his new career. I once asked him about it but he only shrugged and told me the pay was good and it was impractical for him to look for another job; it was especially risky since I was in high school and I needed money for projects every now and then. I couldn't even begin to express how grateful I was for the obvious sacrifice. \"Hungry?\" I asked him immediately and was answered with an exaggerated groan. I muffled a laugh as he pretended to sway on his feet and clutched his stomach dramatically. \"You have no idea.\" He said and grinned when I rolled my eyes. Trust my father to be an overgrown whiny child. \"Come on then.\" I told him, beckoning him to the table. He pulled out a chair and sat and I did the same with the chair opposite to his. \"It's mashed potatoes with peas and carrots and fried chicken.\" I said when he asked what was on the table. \"Yum.\" Silence took over as we began to eat, the occasional collision of spoons and forks against the plate the only things disrupting the otherwise calm quietness. \"So…\" Dad began, in the process of chewing a mouthful of food. He swallowed and picked up his broken statement. \"How's school?\" He asked expectantly with an encouraging smile, his tone sincere. I knew that he was truly interested in whatever I had to say, unlike other parents who asked questions for the sake of making small talk but not really listening. I was glad that we were able to maintain our closeness despite the rather sad incidents that took place in between times. I wasn't, however, pleased with the question he presented. I'd hoped that school wouldn't be brought up during dinner, but then again, it wasn't as if I had work to discuss with him. \"School's okay.\" I kept my answer short and safe. \"We had a quiz on Algebra 2 today. I'm pretty sure I aced it.\" He smiled proudly at me. \"I'm sure you did.\" He supported wholeheartedly, not even batting a doubtful eyelash. \"Even back then when your mother was still alive, we never had any problems with you in school. Your elementary teachers even told us that you were a good kid. Your mom was so proud of you, she couldn't help but tell every one of our neighbors that she had the perfect daughter.\" A nostalgic chuckle followed his statement. \"I think she annoyed them at one point.\" I'm far from perfect. I bit my tongue to prevent myself from saying the words. I shrugged at his praise and smiled slightly, trying not to make a big deal at the inward pain I felt when he mentioned Mom. It's been five years; It wasn't supposed to hurt as much as it did just now. \"Well, I try to be.\" I told him and scooped a spoonful of mashed potatoes, taking it in, chewing and swallowing before changing the topic. \"How's work?\" His cheerful expression fell apart. \"Terribly boring.\" He sighed and I chuckled sympathetically, reaching out and giving his hand a pat. \"It was all numbers and papers and more numbers that I had to stare at the whole time. It's pure torture.\" I didn't know whether he was messing with me or if he really hated his work that much. \"During our lunch break, I don't even try to interact with my co-workers anymore.\" Dad admitted shamefully and stabbed a piece of his chicken with his fork. \"They bore me to death. I can't stand them, Wyn.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" I remarked sincerely, giving him a weak smile. \"Don't be.\" He reassured coolly and reached for his glass, gulping down the water. \"Just promise me something.\" He said after he brought his glass back down, a serious look present in his eye. I leaned forward instinctively. \"What's that?\" I asked, intending to keep whatever promise he wanted me to make. If he was willing to sacrifice his happiness in exchange for my future, then I'm just as willing to amends for his comfort. \"Promise me you'll choose a career you love doing, and not just for practicality.\" My gaze softened and guilt hit my conscience hard. Dad always knew what to tell me, even if most of the time, I hated it when he was right. It was as if he could already tell what I was planning on doing in the near future. \"Dad…\" I began, sighing and leaning against my seat. \"You can't say that. Practicality is an essential—\" \"No.\" He held up a hand, smiling despite the glint of determination in his eyes. \"You leave the practicality to me. That's my thing.\" He joked, chuckling. \"You, on the other hand, have big dreams for the future. I want you to pursue those.\" Dad told me as he finished the last of his meal. \"Remember how you told me you wanted to be a famous writer? And how you wanted to live in New York? You were always so excited whenever you talked about that. You made so many stories already. I remember one; it was about that…\" My heart broke a little at his reminiscing and I knew I'd break his heart too, when I tell him what I had in mind right now. \"Dad.\" I said softly, interrupting his enthusiastic storytelling. He stopped and glanced at me, quirking up an eyebrow. I sighed again and ran a hand through my hair. \"As much as I appreciate the support…\" I told him, smiling sadly and letting him think about my next words, \"I've changed my mind about writing.\" He didn't look shocked and that surprised me. In fact, he merely gave me an unimpressed look and asked, \"Why?\" I hesitated in my next answer. \"I want to be a teacher.\" \"A teacher?\" \"Yeah, a teacher, here in Clover.\" \"Just like Irene?\" He let Mom's name float in the air between us, increasing the tension. \"Yeah.\" I nodded stiffly and forced a grin. \"Just like Mom.\" Dad held my gaze for a short moment and I stared back at him, stubbornly jutting out my chin. I had to be convincing for both of us, or he'd never stop bothering me about this. Finally, Dad looked down on his empty plate and he sighed heavily. I relaxed my tense shoulders. \"Raewyn…\" he started, but I stood up, cutting him off before he could begin his speech and make me doubt my decision. \"No, Dad.\" I said firmly, grabbing my plate up and reaching to his direction to grab his as well. I walked towards the sink. \"I want this. I'm happy with this decision.\" I told him, secretly relieved that my back was what faced him; I don't think I could bear seeing the disappointment in his face. \"It's not what you think. I've had time to consider this. Besides\", I dropped the dirty plates on the sink, unflinching even when they resonated a loud clank, \"I lost interest in writing. I wasn't as good as I thought I was. People change over the years. Dreams change, too, Dad.\" \"I know that.\" I felt a warm hand on my shoulder and I sagged down, unconscious of the stiffness I carried my shoulders with. I turned around slowly and met his rueful smile. \"I'll do the dishes tonight. You go ahead and rest.\" I eyed him skeptically. \"You sure?\" \"Of course I am.\" He answered and pushed me aside gently, taking over. I stumbled back and stared at his tall figure, pursing my lips. I didn't know what to make of the situation between us, but it was obvious that he dropped the topic for now. After waiting and receiving no further response, I sighed and shook my head, heading for the stairs. \"Night, Dad.\" I called out. \"Good night. Oh, and Raewyn?\" Halting in my tracks, I took in a deep breath and let it out, sighing, \"Yeah, Dad?\" \"Think about it, okay?\" I couldn't think of a good-enough response for that, so I settled for nodding, even though he couldn't see me. \"Night, Dad.\" I said again and climbed the stairs two steps at a times, not looking back. \"We're having a meeting about it this afternoon.\" A loud thump as a stack of notebooks hit the cafeteria table made me look up and I saw Remy grinning at me. Reluctantly, I took my mouth off the straw of my juice box. \"About what?\" I asked her, watching as she sat down and unwrapped her sandwich and stuck a straw on her strawberry Kool-Aid. I looked away from the small red carton and shuddered. Obviously, I wasn't a big fan of Kool-Aid, especially the strawberry flavored one. I wonder why Remy liked it. \"Homecoming.\" She answered simply and glanced up at me in what she thought was an innocent manner and what I knew as the 'you-should-be-ashamed-of-yourself' look. I licked my dry lips and sighed. \"Remy.\" I said, keeping my tone leveled, as if I was conversing with a child rather than with a friend. \"I'm still not going.\" The blonde girl grimaced, grabbing her Kool-Aid and taking forceful sips. \"Why not?\" She demanded, the juice leaving her tongue colored an unnaturally bright red; it was thoroughly distracting. \"I already told you why.\" I reminded her calmly with a raised eyebrow and Remy sighed, defeated. I refuse to feel sorry for her and cave in, just like any other time. I'm not going to be a pushover on this one. \"Fine.\" Remy sighed again and bit into her sandwich. She chewed quietly, looking thoughtful. \"I just hope the Council meeting later this afternoon would be peaceful.\" I furrowed my eyebrows and frowned, confused. \"What do you mean?\" I asked her, playfully twisting the straw that I held between two fingers. She rolled her eyes, annoyed—not at my question but at her answer. \"Duh.\" She snorted disdainfully, scowling even deeper, \"Carson Phillips, of course. That no-good busybody\" I winced at her careless insults, \"always, always interferes with everything. Seriously, everything .\" I was about to tell her to try and be gentler on describing Carson, but then I heard said boy's voice cut through our conversation and we both froze. \"Still talking about me behind my back, I see.\" Carson's statement rang out from behind me and I could almost make out the smirk present on his expression just from the tone of his voice. I turned, staring at him with my mouth slightly open in surprise. \"Carson.\" I acknowledged weakly, turning pale. What the hell was this? His eyes were, in turn, fixed on Remy's indignantly red face. She looked like an overripe tomato with her roundish, flushed face. \"Don't flatter yourself, Phillips.\" Remy snapped angrily, sounding vicious despite her small stature. She stood up, trying to look down on Carson; which was, of course, impossible, given that Carson Phillips was at least a good one foot taller than her. \"Also, since when did you stoop so low as to actually eavesdrop on someone else's conversation?\" Her voice rose in pitch, making my ears sting. I bet Carson's ears stung too, because he grimaced and drew back, but his glare didn't waver. \"Please\", he snorted, crossing his arms over his chest. \"As if I would ever willingly listen to you and your big mouth.\" Remy gasped in offense at the insult and I shrunk even further down my seat. People were starting to glance at our direction now, their curiosity increasing. I bit back a pathetic whimper. Why was I in the middle of this again? All I wanted was a peaceful lunch break. Why can't I have that? \"I came here to talk to Evans.\" Carson continued, sparing me a temporary look, and then snapping his narrow glare back at Remy. \"But why am I even trying to explain this to you?\" He murmured and rolled his eyes. He brought one of his hands down on my shoulder in a surprisingly gentle manner and I suppressed a shiver, the warmth of his palm sending tingles down my spine. His long fingers coiled down, reaching up to my collarbone. \"Come on, Raewyn.\" He said, giving me an encouraging pull. He stared at Remy the whole time as I stood, daring her to say otherwise. Of course, he wasn't disappointed. Remy would grab every opportunity presented to her. \"What do you need her for?\" My blonde friend snapped, grabbing my left wrist, and attempted to get me to sit back down. I was trapped between the two of them and I didn't enjoy a second of it. Dreadfully, I scanned the cafeteria and grimaced at what I discovered: Oh great, more audiences. Surprisingly, I found myself resisting Remy. Carson, unaware that I wasn't about to follow Remy's unspoken order anytime soon, grabbed my other hand. My eyes widened at the unexpected roughness of his hand, my pulse undoubtedly racing beneath my skin. Stupid heartbeat. Stupid pulse rate. Swallowing hard, I turned to him tentatively, blushing a brighter pink when I saw the smirk he had. He looked so haughty, as if presented with a chance to say something clever. \"It's none of your business, hobbit.\" Carson bit out, emphasizing each word with a hard edge, reaching out and pulling my other hand off Remy's grip. He looked down on me and grinned wickedly. I closed my eyes, taking in a shaky breath. Remy was going to be so angry later on. \"C'mon, sweetheart, let's settle this.\" My breath hitched in surprise. Shit . I'm pretty sure I just melted into a puddle of useless goo at the pet name. Sweetheart? Really? Opening my eyes and doing the best that I can to ignore the gawking people—I'm sure they heard the pet name just as clearly as Remy and I did—I gave Remy a forced smile. \"Calm down, Remy.\" I told her soothingly, surprised to find out that I could still speak coherently despite the fact that Carson was still gripping my wrist and just called me 'sweetheart'. Shit, I have to stop thinking about it. \"We're just going to fix our schedule. I'll be back, I promise.\" I reached out and gave her hand a quick squeeze, just then realizing that my hand was clammy as hell, damn it. I turned to Carson and gave him a nod. Satisfied, he let go of my hand and walked out of the cafeteria. My wrist felt cold so suddenly but I paid it no attention. I followed him out with as much dignity as I have left and hoped that it would be over soon. The sooner, the better. Author's Note: Reviews give me inspiration. Please tell me what you think about it! ^^[Chapter 3] Friday afternoon rolled by faster than I anticipated and I found myself exiting the Chemistry laboratory along with a dozen or so other students. Carson and I agreed last Wednesday—just outside the cafeteria, right after his heated argument with Remy, if you don't remember—that we should hold the tutoring sessions during Fridays after school, since I'm unavailable during the weekends and it was the only day he was free. I'm actually surprised that I'm calm about the fact that I'm about to go to the journalism classroom to tutor Carson one on one, with no one else; just the two of us…all alone. I think you get my point. I'll stop now. I walked down the crowded hallways, pushing past the students and pointedly avoiding the sweaty jocks who hung around the lockers. While I squeezed my way through other students, I heard distinct shouts of happiness and a variation of T.G.I.F.s echoing all over. Despite being sandwiched between people with impossibly strong-scented, overly sweet-smelling colognes and being shoved and elbowed and bumped on by sharp shoulders, I found myself grinning stupidly with the others. Thank God it's Friday. Better yet, thank God these students still know how say the words 'Thank you'. We teenagers are usually so dramatic and self-centered, choosing to wallow in our pool of self-hate instead of finding something that we could be grateful for—I'm not even going to try and exempt myself on this one. Finally escaping the wrath of the main corridor, I jogged towards the journalism classroom with less effort, the hallway here visibly less jam-packed. The door was slightly open when I stopped in front of it and from the tiny gap, I could make out a blue figure sitting on the desk of a chair. Cue to jaw drop and raised eyebrows. Carson was unbelievably early. And here I thought I was always in time. How long had he been waiting in there for me? I was expecting to enter an empty classroom and sit there for at least fifteen minutes before the person I was supposed to teach came. That was how it usually was, no matter who I taught. How come he always defied everything I've ever expected? How did he manage to shock me and take me out of my comfort zone every single damn time? This wasn't even funny anymore. I could feel my earlier courage melting away and turning into an impending nervous breakdown instead. Taking in a deep breath and forcing down the annoying, nervous lump in my throat, I shook my head. \"I can do this.\" I told myself in an encouraging whisper. \"Calm down, Raewyn.\" Immediately, I felt stupid for talking to myself. What sane person does that? Apparently, Carson also had the talent to reduce me to this paranoid, nonsense-making, crazy being I was now. Maybe this was why everyone hated Carson so much: he tended to disobey every rule and normal thing you have in your personal book. No, I don't hate him. I don't think I ever will, honestly, even if I wanted to. I'm just…scared of him, I guess. Scared of what he does and what he'll do next. Grabbing the cold doorknob, I entered the room with a tight smile. \"Hey.\" I greeted, walking to the chair facing his and dropping my bag to the floor. \"Didn't expect you to be here already.\" Carson looked up from where he was glaring at the tiles and gave me a flat look. \"Yeah, well, you sure took your time.\" He drawled out in a tone that I couldn't quite tell whether it was sarcastic or angry. I settled for raising my eyebrows in defense. \"Hey now, don't blame me if you're early. It's not like I'm late anyway. I came just in time.\" A snort escaped Carson as I sat from across him, in the process of taking out my Algebra 2 book from my bag. I frowned. Obviously, this wasn't going the way I wanted it to go. Carson was irritated for some reason, which may or may not have something to do with me. I wonder what made him upset. Had I done or said anything wrong? A tired sigh cut me out of my thoughts and I looked up from the page I was currently browsing through to look at him. \"Everything alright?\" \"Yeah.\" He answered in a way that made me think otherwise and smoothed back his hair. \"Let's just…\" He sighed again, pinching the bridge of his nose, and I couldn't help but notice that he looked a little more stressed out than that of usual. \"Let's just get this shit over with.\" I nodded reluctantly. \"Of course.\" Twenty minutes into the lesson and I could already tell that Carson wasn't paying the least bit attention. He was gazing off into the empty space to my side with his chin propped up on a closed fist, his bluish gray (or was it greenish blue? Grayish green? I don't know.) eyes glazed as if stuck in some deep thought. The way he kept nodding his head every two minutes to support his fake listening didn't quite help either, since I stopped talking about five minutes ago. He was still nodding; I didn't know whether I should call him out on it or keep staring. A guilty part of me approved greatly of the 'keep on staring' plan. I mean, it was just hilarious to watch him nod to complete and utter silence. On the other hand, I knew that wasn't right. He didn't deserve to be mocked like that, even when he kind of acted like a jerk to me earlier (that, and the fact that it was so amusing to watch). Maybe there was something genuinely wrong. Maybe something was bothering him. I wouldn't know. Though I desperately want to, a creepy voice added inside my head and I blinked rapidly. Did I really want to know? Duh. Okay, the snarky voice speaking inside my brain was beginning to scare me. Fine, I admit that maybe a teeny, tiny, itty-bitty, little part of me did want to know. But seriously, what was I supposed to do about it? Better yet, was I even supposed to do anything at all? Biting my lip to prevent an exasperated sigh from coming out, I glanced up at Carson and found him still transfixed on the seemingly interesting thin air. The creases in the middle of his forehead dug a little deeper, too. Then and there, I decided, that, yes, I would have to do something about it. Not because it was expected of me, but because I wanted to. Help, I mean, not pry. I cleared my throat gently, letting him realize that I was still there in front of him. Carson didn't react. He didn't even budge. Taking in a deep breath, I tried again, clearing my throat louder but Carson just kept on staring and looking dazed, as if he shut out the whole world and the only thing that was there was himself and his thoughts. Wow, talk about deep contemplation. With no other options left, I tentatively reached out, keeping my eyes fixed on his troubled face the whole time. \"Carson.\" My voice seemed to break the spell and he blinked rapidly, his frown disappearing. My hand froze in mid-motion and I held my breath. I wasn't expecting him to actually react (and react so fast ) this time. His eyes flickered to my stiff expression. \"What?\" He asked slowly, confused. The question brought back some sense of reality in me and I dropped the hand that was stuck in mid-air. \"Um…\" I trailed off uncomfortably, looking down at the open book and thinking of ways on how to start this undeniably awkward conversation. \"Are you…\" I glanced up from beneath my eyelashes, my tone still uncertain, \"okay?\" Carson stared at me for a moment, silently trying to understand what the hell possessed me to ask him that question, and then shrugged. \"I'm fine.\" \"You're sure?\" \"Yes.\" He said with a roll of his eyes. One side of his mouth quirked down in what looked like impatience. \"Can we continue with the lesson? As far as I know, I signed up for a tutoring session, not a check-up with the psychiatrist.\" I clenched my teeth at his answer and nodded. See, brain? Trying to know things you're not supposed to know gets you into trouble. Now shut up and keep your annoying ideas to yourself. \"Okay. Let's just um…\" I said and swallowed, glancing down to avoid his irritated glare. \"Yeah, let's go back. Sorry.\" We resumed the lesson and silence stretched on between the two of us again, despite my brief explanations. Carson fixed his stare at the book, nodding as I went through the solution of the problem given as an example. \"…And so you transpose this in order to create a value for the variable. Now that we know the value of a , we can proceed to—\" I stopped in the middle of my explanation when I snuck a glance at him and realized that he wasn't paying attention. Again. \"—to substituting the variable…\" I trailed off lamely and took in a deep breath to calm myself down and to cool my temper. Perhaps counting to ten would help. They've always said it was an effective anger management technique. One…two…three… \"What's bothering you, Carson?\" Shit. Okay, maybe it wasn't as effective as people thought it was. Carson looked up at me, broken away from his trance and looking so lost that he managed to make me lose at least half of my anger—along with it came half of my courage. He blinked twice and then frowned, not at me, but at himself for getting caught. He shook his head. \"Sorry. I spaced out for a minute. Let's go back to—\" \"What's bothering you?\" I asked again, dropping the pen I held on the textbook. I was surprised I even found the guts to repeat my question. This wasn't like me. \"Is it me? Are my explanations hard to understand? Am I going too fast?\" Scratch that. This wasn't like me at all. Where did all my control and levelheadedness fly away to? Even Carson looked shocked at my sudden tirade of questions. I wanted to take a moment and just be proud of speaking up but I couldn't stop once I started. \"Is it my voice? Is it so boring-sounding that you feel the need to fall asleep on me?\" Finally, it seemed, Carson found an opening and immediately piped in defensively, \"I was not falling asleep.\" I paused and frowned, allowing what he said register to my brain. Well, that was true. Shaking my head, I closed the thick Algebra book and met his eyes. \"Yes, but you weren't exactly paying attention either.\" The blank look he gave me was all I needed to confirm that he was surrendering, unable to think of any excuses for that. Closing my eyes, I leaned back against the chair and sighed, one of my hands flying up to cover my face. I could feel a headache brewing at the back of my head and it did not feel nice. What had I done to get into this mess? \"Look\", It was Carson who spoke up, \"this has just been a really, really, really \", he emphasized with a sigh and combed through his messy hair, \"shitty day for me, so I'd really appreciate it if you cut me some slack.\" Through the gap between my fingers, I peeked at him timidly. I admit, it was kind of relieving to hear that it was this day's events that bothered him and not me or my voice. I didn't know how I'd have reacted if ever he did say that it was me that was the problem. \"I am cutting you some slack.\" Taking off my hand, I opened my eyes and met his narrowed stare without blinking. I didn't know what kept me talking but I was desperately hoping that whatever it was wouldn't go away so soon. \"I can't say I'm not offended about you not paying attention but I understand that you're having trouble with…\" I snapped my fingers twice, unable to explain. What was the right word for this? \"…personal issues at the moment.\" I bit my lip uncertainly and cleared my throat. \"I understand.\" I told him again. \"I really, really do. But you're going to have to tell me what's wrong so we could, you know, work this out.\" I gestured between us and looked up at him expectantly. I hope he didn't think I was crossing a line. I just wanted to help. \"So, come on.\" I urged him, leaning forward and setting my elbows down on my knees. \"Tell me.\" The sooner we fix his problem, the sooner we can go back to business. This was some hard work. Carson looked at me skeptically and glared, like he was trying to know if I was messing with him or not. \"You really want to know?\" He asked me doubtfully as he looked away. I let out a sigh of relief when his eyes left my face. He looked kind of scary when he was glaring. \"Yeah.\" I said with a nod and I watched as he slumped down on his chair in defeat. I dragged my seat an inch closer and waited for his answer. I heard Carson sigh again and from the corner of his eye, he glanced at me. \"Do you ever think about what you'll be…in the future, I mean?\" His voice was quiet and if I didn't know better, I'd say he sounded ashamed of sharing. \"Of course…\" I nodded cautiously and tried not to let my confusion show on my face. I didn't know what possessed him to ask that. Weren't we supposed to address his problem just now? His tongue swiped across his lower lip in a hasty manner and Carson shifted slightly on his chair, fixing his position so he could look at me fully. \"Well, I know exactly what I want to be.\" \"What's that?\" \"I want to be the editor of the New Yorker and the youngest freelance journalist to be published in the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, the Chicago Tribune, and the Boston Globe.\" I inhaled sharply at his answer with round eyes and opened my mouth to comment, but I found myself speechless. His answer sounded rehearsed, as if he said it a few more times in his life than actually intended. \"Um.\" Was all I could get out as Carson stared pointedly, waiting, and I was under pressure to clear the fog in my head. Wow. He had big dreams. Really, really specific and big dreams. Dreams that used to be just like mine. Dreams that stabbed a certain part of me that I was sure I got rid of during the past few years. Swallowing hard and pushing away my distracting thoughts, I blinked up at him. \"And that's a problem, because….?\" Carson scowled down on the ground. \"Well, in order for that to happen, I have to get into Northwestern.\" I nodded supportively. \"Okay. So you're having problems with sending the application form?\" I tried to guess and watched his reaction closely. \"Or is it the application form itself?\" He shook his head and pushed his back against the back of the chair, making him slide down a little on his seat. \"I already sent it.\" He said glumly and frowned and to my greatest horror and embarrassment, I found myself entranced by the small pout his lips formed. \"The thing is, I don't know how to impress them in order for me to get in.\" Carson said and paused, his eyes narrowing thoughtfully, \"Actually, I do know how to impress them. Ms. Sharpton—you know, the guidance counselor with the unhealthy obsession with pink?—gave me a few examples. I'm just not sure how to do it.\" \"O-Oh.\" I stuttered dumbly and forced my eyes to tear away from his mouth. I turned to the windows, busying myself with looking at the dancing leaves outside. \"What were the examples anyway?\" \"A collection of poems, a short story, perhaps a literary magazine, blah, blah, blah.\" The frown on his face dug even deeper as he continued, \"I'm not a poet; sure as hell am not a novelist, too.\" Groaning out loud, Carson let his head fall back and I heard a dull thud as the back of his head collided with the top of the chair. His hands followed up next, covering his face. \"The closest shot I have is the literary magazine and I don't have the slightest fucking clue on how to make one.\" I sighed quietly, sympathizing with him. I knew how frustrating dreams and plans for the future could be. Clearing my throat to get his attention, I looked down on the book on my desk and began, \"Literary magazines, huh?\" I couldn't tell if he was paying attention or not because of his hands but I continued nonetheless. \"Isn't that some kind of compilation of literary submissions from different people? I think that's how you do it.\" I explained patiently and waited for his reply. What I got was a jumbled mess of words as a response because his hands blocked his mouth. Frowning, I leaned in. \"What? I didn't get that.\" Carson lifted his head to glare at me and he repeated with irritation, \"I said, fucking great.\" He slammed a hand down on the desk and I jumped at the sound. \"Just. Fucking. Perfect!\" Sarcasm was oozing out of his tone and dripping down on the tiled floor. I raised an eyebrow at his sudden anger. \"You don't look like you think it's perfect.\" I pointed out the obvious, trying to coax out an explanation out of him. Preferably one that was clean and decent and void of any profanities. He let out a sigh of exasperation before grudgingly clarifying his statement. \"If you haven't noticed, I'm not exactly the most favorite person of this damn high school. How the hell am I supposed to expect literary submissions from them, if I can't even get one fucking genuine smile from a person in this campus?\" He snapped and ran a hand through his hair, something that I noticed he did a lot when he was frustrated. I shrugged consolingly. \"I'm sure it's not that bad.\" Carson scoffed. \"Right.\" He shook his head and crossed his arms, his narrowed eyes challenging me. \"Last week, after a meeting with council, somebody stuck a tampon on my back and nobody even had the decency to tell me. I had to walk around with it until lunch break when a janitor finally picked it off me.\" Against my will, I could feel my mouth dropping open. I bit back a horrified 'Oh my god'. I mean, that must've been so humiliating. How did he gather up the courage to go to school everyday, if it meant torture like this? I was starting to rethink of my unnecessary detachment from Carson. It wasn't fair that I try to avoid him, just because I was scared of what he unconsciously did. He wasn't doing anything wrong and he didn't need another distant spectator to watch his misery as he suffers in it. \"Oh, and also, three days ago, I went to replace the Writers' Club flyers. Again.\" He said through gritted teeth and I patiently allowed him to go on with his rant. \"There was a message left there and I'm pretty sure it was addressed to me rather than to anyone else in the club: We, apparently, 'Such cock'.\" I winced at the way he said the words without much care, though I could see in his eyes that he was still riled up about it. He pinned his glare at me again, daring me to argue. \"Tell me, Raewyn.\" He drawled out with barely controlled rage, his fingers clenched tight around his arms. \"Do you still think that 'it's not that bad'?\" Besides the obvious, cold anger, I saw a hint of hopelessness dancing across his gaze, a flash of something that closely resembled an urge to finally give up. He was staring at me and all I could do was look back at him helplessly. \"I'm sorry.\" Shock flew into Carson's expression and his eyes hardened. \"What? Why?\" He asked me in disbelief, his shoulders tensing up. \"Did you finally realize how pathetic I was? Did you realize just now how utter miserable my life is?\" \"No!\" I clarified immediately, rushing to put my hands up in placating manner. I looked at him weakly, my stupid mouth stumbling over my words. \"I just—that's not what I meant, okay? I'm—I didn't know t-that, um…god!\" I hissed under my breath, frustrated in the way I couldn't even form a meaningful sentence. Stupid, stupid mouth. I took in a deep breath and let it out part by part, trying not to be bothered by the way Carson was still grimacing at me. I rubbed the back of my neck. \"I guess I'm sorry that I…\" I swallowed and concentrated on finishing my sentence, \"…that I haven't been so, you know, understanding before. I had no idea that you already suffered so much from other people. You don't need more crap from me.\" Carson's glare softened and he snorted ruefully. \"So, you pity me?\" His eyes held a hidden tint of sadness as he spoke. \"No.\" I shook my head, frowning. \"I just don't think it's fair to anyone to be bullied.\" At my answer, Carson raised an eyebrow and fought down a smile. He seemed thoroughly amused. \"Bullied?\" He repeated, not quite believing me. He shook his head and relaxed back on his chair, making the tension in the air fade away. \"Oh, please.\" He said with a smirk, a chuckle tagging along the end of his sentence. \"I'm too mean and sarcastic and evil for their ways to be considered bullying. It wouldn't be fair to them, really. Trust me when I say that I'm far from bullied, sweetheart.\" There goes my heart beat again, running a hundred miles per hour. He should really stop calling me sweetheart. One of these days, I swear I'd die of heart failure if he ever kept that up. \"Fine.\" I rolled my eyes and leaned away. \"Forget I ever sympathized with you. And here I thought you were an innocent victim all along.\" I remarked dryly and earned a pleased grin from him. He seemed much better now that we were shifting off to a safer topic but then again, we never really reached a conclusion with our previous conversation. Deciding I'll take my chances, I pressed my lips down and turned serious once more. \"Seriously, though.\" I told Carson as I looked out of the window again. I didn't have the courage to face him like a normal person would while talking to someone. \"I'm sorry, okay? You don't deserve that kind of treatment. Nobody does. I guess society tends to shun smart and talented people.\" I glanced at him shyly, uncertain of what his reaction would be and swallowed hard. To my surprise, he had a small, curious frown on his face, no traces of his earlier anger and annoyance present. I thought for sure he'd be smug at my subtle praise all alone. Carson stared, amazed, as he scrutinized me like I was some kind of specimen he'd never seen before. \"Thanks…I guess.\" He said slowly in the same awkward tone he used back when we first met. I spared him the discomfort of the mushy stuff and smiled a small lopsided beam. \"Don't mention it.\" Silence dawned between us, this time much more bearable than the ones before, and I realized with a start that time flew by quickly without us knowing. It was already dark out as I glanced out of the open window. The late evening breeze came in and traveled around the room and both of us shivered instinctively. \"It's late.\" Carson noticed and turned to me with an expectant frown. \"Don't you usually go home early?\" \"You…\" I furrowed my eyebrows at him. \"You know I go home early?\" \"Well, I don't see you hanging around the school campus after class, so I'm guessing that you do…Don't you?\" \"I do.\" I admitted. \"Then why aren't you home yet?\" \"Like you said…I go home early, usually .\" I sighed and grabbed my Algebra book, stuffing it down my bag. First day of tutoring and we haven't accomplished a single lesson. I shook my head in hidden disappointment. \"I don't think I'd consider today as one of my usual days.\" I didn't notice how tired I was until I had to stifle a yawn from breaking out. \"Right.\" Carson said shortly, watching me fix my things. He grimaced. \"Are your parents strict?\" \"What?\" \"I mean, are you going to get grounded for this? Not that I'd care. But, if ever you'd be, just know that I'm not going to act all noble and tell you to blame me. I don't care even if you make me feel guilty about it. You're on your own.\" Carson remarked defensively. I had to grin at his poor attempt to show some concern. I could tell that he was struggling with this, the 'concern' thing. It was new to him and I'd bet my life savings that this was the first time he had ever talked to someone for so long, in an actual conversation wherein he wasn't insulting the person he was talking to. \"Don't worry.\" I reassured him, though he muttered under his breath 'I'm not worried' . \"I'm sure my dad would understand if I explain it to him properly.\" \"You mean if you lie?\" Carson corrected flippantly, standing up the same time I did. I sent him a mock glare as we exited the classroom. \"No, I mean explain properly.\" I said again. \"I don't lie.\" \"Sure. And I'm Harry Potter.\" Despite rolling my eyes, I was grinning widely as the two of us walked to the student parking lot. Our cars were conveniently parked across each other. I trudged towards a grey Toyota Vios—the same car Dad used back when he was still working in the city—and Carson did the same, opening the door to his own car and getting in. I saw him throw his messenger bag to the passenger's seat and I chewed on my lower lip. \"Hey, Carson!\" I called out before my cowardly self could back out the last minute. He turned to the side and raised an eyebrow at me. \"Yeah?\" \"I'll see you on Monday, yeah?\" He looked perplexed for a minute so I decided to help him out. \"I mean, you do need help with asking for literary submissions, right?\" I supplied and smiled. \"I figured, if you had an extra pair of hands helping you—besides the Writers Club, of course—you'd get the job done sooner.\" I could feel my courage decreasing by each passing second and it wasn't helping that Carson was still gaping at me without a word. I fidgeted on my place, shifting my weight from one foot to the other. \"What do you say?\" I prompted one last time. Slowly, Carson released a crooked grin that I found surprisingly handsome. I could feel my brain short-circuiting and my common sense flying out of my head. \"Sounds like a plan.\" He answered and grinned wider and I noticed dimples forming at the corners of his mouth. I blinked rapidly, unable to form coherent thoughts. Damn him for the things he does to me. \"Bye, Raewyn.\" Nodding dumbly, I got in my car. \"Bye, Carson.\" His car was speeding away even before I got mine into ignition. \"You were out later than usual. That's a surprise.\" Craning my head awkwardly so that I could look over my shoulder at my dad, I smiled at him in a sheepish manner. \"Does that mean you're not mad?\" I asked and turned the faucet off so that I could face him fully. He glanced up from where he was busy reading a thick book and took off his reading glasses. \"No, of course not, honey.\" He told me, smiling. \"I just noticed, that's all.\" My dad shrugged simply and wore his glasses once more, going back to his book. I nodded at him even though he couldn't see it. I was grateful for the understanding he had; I didn't even had to explain myself to him. Walking to where the hand towel was draped, I dried my hands and headed for the stairs. \"Night, dad.\" I called out and climbed up the steps. It was at my fifth step that he interrupted, stopping me halfway. \"Oh, and you also seem happier today.\" He said thoughtfully without looking up from what he was reading. \"May I ask why?\" Quietly, I smiled to myself, recalling back the events of the day. I took in a deep breath and shook my head, proceeding up the stairs. \"I think I just got myself a new friend.\" I answered him and went to my room, closing my bedroom door just in time to hear him say, 'That's great, Wyn'. Author's Note: Hey guys! Thanks for the reviews and the favs! :D I was really happy that you guys like it. Here's chapter three. Enjoy![Chapter 4] Patience is a virtue, they've always said, and I knew that saying by heart, by mind, and I perfected it with years of practice. I was always extremely patient, if I may say so myself. I never got angry or upset quickly and that's got to count for something, considering that it's quite a challenging feat to keep up composure and levelheadedness when you're teaching Physics II to somebody who didn't even know what the formula of speed was. It was the first day of the week, a Monday afternoon, and here I was, stuck in the library with John Hardy, a fellow senior of mine and a football player. I didn't know what his position was in football but since Justin Walker was the famous quarterback, I'm guessing he's not the quarterback. He acted as if he was though, constantly flirting with everyone and anyone with a pair of breasts (Pray as I might, I was not an exception to this one), and walking down the main hallways like he owned the school. …What was a quarterback, in the very first place? I mean, I certainly wouldn't know, since I didn't speak football, but it sounds like a really important position in the game. Also, since when did being a football player give you the right to act like a total douchebag? I'm sorry, I know I'm ranting already and even though I tried to hold out for as long as I could, I felt my patience wearing thin by every second that I spend with John. He was just so, so… \"Hey, Evans? You're still with me, right?\" Right. Still tutoring. I took in a calming deep breath and nodded at him, looking back down on my lecture notes. I didn't realize that I was spacing out already. Focus, Raewyn, focus , I told myself, forcing cheerfulness with my inner voice. I'm sure John wasn't that bad. \"Sorry.\" I said offhandedly, blinking away the dark spots that appeared in my vision. Wow, how long was I staring without batting an eyelash? \"Where were we? Oh, right. So as I was saying, the um, the speed is directly proportional to the distance and inversely proportional with…\" Maybe I was just exaggerating. Maybe it was the exhaustion of this day that finally caught up with me. I mean, we did have a quiz on History today—that was surely energy-draining—and then another hands-on activity in Chemistry and a lecture during— \"Wait.\" I paused in my explanation and spared him a short glance before turning my attention back to my notebook. \"Something wrong?\" John held up a finger and squinted his eyes as if he was in deep thought. \"I don't get it.\" He said, his tone full of frustration. I looked up fast and blinked at him, taken aback. It wasn't the first time he told me that but the way he said it surprised me; he sounded genuinely upset about not understanding the lesson for once. Well, I guess this was what most people called progress. Finally, we came to this point. I smiled at him a little and forgot my earlier annoyance. \"Which part don't you get?\" I asked softly, making sure he saw that I was determined to teach him just as much as he was determined to learn. John leaned in without warning and I shrunk back immediately. His face was just inches away and even when I'm pretty sure I looked totally horrified at our proximity, he didn't seem bothered by my reaction. \"What I don't get\", he began in a whisper and oh my god, was that strong smell of mint coming from his mouth? \"is that why you're…\" John trailed off and scooted even closer. Oh god, oh god, oh god. Didn't personal space mean anything to anyone anymore? He was so close, I could practically feel the heat radiating off of him. Or maybe that was steam coming out of my face because if this wasn't mortifying, I don't know what is. \"…still not into me.\" I blinked at him. Once. Twice…and another blink. \"W-What?\" \"You heard me, Evans.\" He sighed and leaned back on his chair, much to my relief. \"I've been hitting on you ever since we first met, pulling out my best moves…are you not attracted to me at all?\" Remember what I said about him not being that bad and that perhaps, this was just me tired? Okay, no. This was not, in any way, exhaustion. This was pure, undeniable hatred. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly to ease my growing temper. I thought about closing my eyes and counting to ten but I didn't think it'd be a good way to calm myself down, for two reasons mainly: One, counting wasn't as effective as other people had said and two, who knows what this jock was going to do while I had my eyes closed? Seriously, I'd rather not risk it. \"Look, John…\" I said with a tired sigh and brushed back my hair. \"It's not that I'm not attracted—I mean, yeah, obviously I'm not interested but it's not you.\" I bit my lip. This was sounding more and more like a bad break-up scene from a cheesy soap opera. \"I'm just really…not into, um…\" I paused in midsentence and gave him a lingering once-over. John was your typical blonde guy with blue eyes and he gave off the whole 'boy-next-door' feel. He was athletic, obviously, and good-looking and tall and buff. He made sure to remind me of that last thing by flexing his biceps. The thing is, instead of finding him hot or attractive or cute, I found him…really cliché. Like I said earlier, he was typical. Blonde, handsome, jock…I don't want some high school fling that I'd forget later on in my life. Besides, it didn't help that he needed tutoring on certain simple subjects and that he probably didn't understand what 'proportional' means. I like a smart guy, that's one thing for sure. Call me a geek or a nerd but nothing is more attractive than a person who is logical and sensible. Think about it. On second thought, I wasn't anyone special; I was just another one of his 'targets'. Why was he taking this so seriously? I shook my head and met his eyes. \"Why do you care anyway, if I'm into you or not?\" I asked. John dropped his gaze to the ground and shrugged. He mumbled something under his breath that sounded an awful lot like: 'I want you to like me.' This was awkward. A moment of silence passed between the two of us and suddenly, his phone buzzed. I deflated with relief. Saved by the ring tone. He took one look at his phone and grinned widely. \"It's 4:00. Looks like we're done for today.\" I wonder if he interrupted our lesson intentionally. \"I guess I have to go.\" I said and stood up, closing my notebook and placing it inside my bag. John stood with me and threw his backpack over his shoulders. We walked out of the library and just when we were supposed to go our separate ways, I remembered something from the back of my mind. \"Hey, John, can I ask you a favor?\" He faced me and smiled in a charming way that made me nervous. Please don't hit on me again. \"Anything.\" He said. \"Great. I was wondering if you could write something for the Writers Club's literary magazine?\" The grin he had fell apart. \"Okay, sure.\" He answered slowly and nodded to the ground. \"Can I ask why, though?\" \"I'm helping Carson collect submissions.\" I explained shortly and added. \"I kind of promised him I'd help him out. It would really mean a lot to me if you submitted one.\" John nodded again. He looked torn between being offended that I paid Carson more attention and looking amused at my choice of guy. Jerk. \"Alright.\" He said again and winked at me as he walked away. I tried not to make a sour face. \"I'll see you around.\" I waved half-heartedly. \"Bye.\" I bumped into Carson just as I was going to knock on the door of the journalism classroom. \"Hey.\" He called out from behind me and I whirled back, facing him with an apologetic wince. \"Hi.\" I greeted with a nervous cough. \"I hope I'm not late.\" \"You're…not.\" He told me, eyebrows raised and eyes wide. He sounded genuinely surprised. I reluctantly glanced away from his face and noticed the big box he carried in his arms. I cleared my throat and reached for the door knob. \"We should go in. That looks heavy.\" He shook his head and I paused in the process of pushing the door open to send him a puzzled look. \"You're here.\" He whispered, blinking. \"…Yeah.\" I agreed, feeling a little confused. \"I thought we had that established.\" \"You're here.\" Carson repeated in a blunt tone, his eyebrows knitting together as if me being there at that very moment was that hard to comprehend, as if I was some kind of illusion that would disappear any minute now right before him. I frowned self-consciously and gave him a tentative glance. Did I just imagine the conversation we had at the student parking lot last Friday? \"Um, I promised I'd help you out, right?\" I prompted timidly, looking at him from the corner of my eyes. Carson gaped like a stunned fish with his eyes wide and his mouth slightly open. I bit my lip to prevent a smile from coming out. He looked pleasantly taken aback and knowing Carson, there probably weren't many chances of catching him off guard since he was always utilizing his quick wit. \"Carson?\" \"I thought you were kidding.\" Carson blurted out, shaking his head and losing the dazed look in his gaze. \"I didn't think you'd actually help me.\" I frowned again. \"But…Last Friday, I already told you that—\" He sighed and cut me off with a roll of his eyes. \"I know what you said.\" He told me impatiently. \"I was just…look, never mind, okay? Come on. Hurry up and open the door. My arms are falling off.\" Carson complained and the tension between us faded away. With a short chuckle, I pushed the door open and got in before Carson, holding it open for him. \"Oh. You have the wrong classroom.\" Startled, I turned my head towards one of the tables inside and saw a girl sitting on a chair, organizing some scattered papers across the wooden table. She was a chubby blonde whose hair was kept in a clean ponytail and her shirt was peach. Glasses dangled on the bridge of her nose. Before asking who she was, I stepped back to double check the sign on the door outside—I could swear that this was the journalism classroom—and bumped into Carson. You could only imagine how that turned out to be. \"Raewyn, what the hell?!\" Carson shouted out in panic at the same time I yelped, flailing my arms about as I tried to regain my balance. The girl in peach stared at us in a mixture of shock and amusement. Thankfully, Carson braced a hand against the doorway and caught both of us just in time before we actually tumbled down. Unfortunately, it resulted with me colliding against the box and I never thought that an edge of a box would hurt so much. \"What were you doing?\" Carson demanded in annoyance as I rubbed my aching lower back. I heard him huff. \"Seriously.\" \"Sorry.\" I bit my lip to refrain from pouting like a child. \"Carson!\" The glasses girl greeted in surprise as she stood up and approached us. Behind me, Carson grunted. \"Hey, Mal. Malerie, meet Raewyn. She's my tutor. Raewyn, meet Malerie. She's my…my…well, she's the only willing member of the Writers Club. Let's leave it at that.\" Malerie was an interesting girl. Unlike Carson, she was full of optimism and really eager, if not a little slow on picking up ideas. It's fine though; what she lacked in the brain department, she made up with her determination and crazy cheerfulness. \"I'm so excited for Homecoming today.\" She told both of us after the short introduction we've had, a large smile lighting up her face. \"Our float is going to be flawless.\" Malerie gave off a victorious shout and punched the air with a fist. Carson grinned along with her and nodded. He must be in a good mood today. \"Yeah, the crowd's going to love it.\" He agreed. I sat back in the chair across Malerie's and smiled, content with watching the two of them interact. I've never seen Carson smile so much, let alone look so happy. I settled my face down on my arms and eyed the box of submissions Carson set down on the table. The box looked so heavy and overflowing, the lid was practically just perched on top of the bulky papers and not sealing the box like it was supposed to. Carson took off the lid with a grin and just like that, his happiness was gone in an instant. \"Oh no!\" Malerie gasped, disappointed and disgusted at the smell that wafted into the air. \" Shit erary magazine…\" My hand flew to cover the lower half of my face, mostly from shock, partly from the stench. The submission box was nothing but a trash can. From the corner of my eye, I glanced at Carson and felt my heart dropping at his expression. He looked absolutely dejected. Carson muttered incoherent things under his breath before slumping down to a chair next to Malerie. His head hit his folded arms and I heard him sigh. \"Carson…\" I began sadly and shared a look with Malerie. She picked up from where I left. \"Don't be too hard on yourself.\" She said. \"If you can get Nicholas Forbes and Scott Thomas to join, I'm sure it won't take long before the others do too!\" My eyebrows shot up in surprise. He got Nicholas Forbes, the richest guy in school, and Scott Thomas, president of the drama club, to join? I didn't know that. I've always thought he was at war with the two. Well, he was at war with almost everyone in school so I assumed that he was with them too. Pushing aside my thoughts, I smiled hesitantly and put on a cheerful tone. \"See? It's not so bad. Those are pretty popular people you recruited. In no time, half the school would be writing—\" Carson groaned out loud and buried his face further down his arms. \"I blackmailed them into joining.\" He said in defeat and looked up, looking as tired as hell. \"Caught them playing Lewis and Clark in the boys' bathroom. Don't ask.\" He dropped his head again and I gaped at him with wide eyes the minute I got the double meaning, speechless. How exactly do you reply to something like that? \"Oh…\" I finally said, shifting uncomfortably in my seat. Scott Thomas was always suspiciously effeminate, what with the glitters and sparkles and pink things he added during their productions and all, but I never thought Nicholas Forbes would be gay. Malerie, on the other hand, didn't seem as shell-shocked as I was. \"You know, there seems to be a lot of those lately.\" She said and dropped her voice into a stage-whisper. \"I caught Coach Colin and Claire Matthews bonking…each other…in the boys' locker room.\" I blushed, mortified at the information. I was sure that my brain was in the brink of exploding from all the unwanted mental images I got. Carson bolted up from where he slouched. \"What?! I thought she was dating Justin Walker .\" He looked scandalized and I, on the other hand, felt bile rising up my throat. Coach Colin Walker was an alumna from Clover High; he was a fourth year student when we were freshmen and he was the quarterback back then. Now, he was working in the school as a football coach and his little brother was the head football player. The idea of both brothers sharing one girlfriend was just…I can't even begin to explain. \"It's true.\" Malerie continued happily, ignoring the looks of horror on both my and Carson's faces. \"I even have it on video.\" She reached for the video camera placed by her side. \"Here, I'll show you.\" \"NO!\" Carson and I exploded at the same time, Carson reaching out to snatch away Malerie's video camcorder before she could open it and I, standing up and thinking about running out of the classroom. I sighed in relief when Carson placed the device far, far away out of Malerie's reach. I did not need that kind of trauma. \"Okay…\" Carson huffed out after an awkward silence in the room and carried the submission box turned waste bin down to the floor. He gave it a grudging kick for good measure. \"Since we're not organizing literary submissions anytime soon, how about we finish our props for tomorrow's Homecoming float instead?\" \"Sounds great.\" I squeaked immediately and stood up, not allowing Malerie to protest about the video any longer. I refuse to watch a sex tape unintentionally made by amateurs. Actually, I refuse to watch a sex tape, period. \"You sure you don't need any help?\" I watched Carson and Malerie fix the last of their props on their float anxiously. I checked the time on my phone again. It read 5:15. I was already fifteen minutes late from going home but I didn't want to leave them here by themselves to get ready for Homecoming. Carson jumped down from the float and rolled his eyes at me. \"I told you, we're fine. We're all set anyway, right Malerie?\" \"Yeah!\" Malerie cheered, jumping up and down like a little kid on top of the float. \"This is gonna be so great! I can just feel it.\" Carson smiled up at her briefly before turning his back to me. \"Hey, can you tie the strings for me?\" I reached for the strings of his costume half-heartedly and began tying them into knots. Malerie got down from the float to join our side. She stared at me for a moment before speaking up. \"Raewyn, you're going to cheer for us, right?\" She asked hesitantly, chewing on her lip. I looked up from where I was tying Carson's no. 2 pencil costume and managed a guilty smile. \"Sorry.\" I apologized in advance. \"I can't stay for long. I have to go home and cook dinner.\" Carson tensed in front of me. He pulled away before I could react and turned to look at me in protest. \"You can't not attend Homecoming.\" He said. Malerie nodded beside him. \"Carson's right. It's like an unwritten law or something.\" Sadly, I shook my head at them and sighed. \"Look, I can't. As much as I want to, I can't.\" \"Why not?\" Malerie whined out and oh, wasn't this familiar? \"Because.\" I sighed again and repeated my answer. \"I have to go home and cook dinner.\" Carson looked downright stubborn as he crossed his arms. \"Did you ask your parents for permission?\" He asked. \"Excuse me?\" \"I said, did you ask permission? Did you even try asking for permission?\" Carson shot and I fell silent. Guilty as charged. He smirked at me cleverly. \"I thought so.\" He said, grinning triumphantly. \"It's a one-time thing, Raewyn. Come on, please.\" I raised an eyebrow at him and he rolled his eyes. Carson Phillips never said please. He must be desperate. \"Do it for me. If not for me, then for Malerie?\" Carson nudged the girl beside him and as if a button was turned on, Malerie gave me big, sad eyes and a watery pout. I sighed in defeat. I wonder how they can make me do what they want when even Remy couldn't convince me. \"Fine.\" I grumbled, scowling at Carson as I took out my phone. He looked as smug as hell as he basked in his victory. \"I'll ask. But if my dad says no, then I'm not doing anything any further, okay?\" Carson and Malerie exchanged a high-five. The bleachers were packed, crowded and tight, with people roaming around looking for vacant seats and elbows and shoulders bumping harshly against each other. I was suddenly reminded why I didn't try asking my Dad for permission in the first place: One, he was a big pushover; he says yes to almost anything, and two, I didn't even want to be here. It was too noisy and full of people and the air was stifling. Sighing, I shook my head and gathered my scattered nerves. I'm here because Carson and Malerie needed support , I reminded myself and tried to ignore the annoying giggles coming out from the cheerleader that sat beside me. I promised Carson. Finally, the fireworks burst into the sky and the crowd fell into a chorus of silent 'oohs' and 'aahs'. I sagged in relief at the newly acquired peace and shifted into my seat to get into a more comfortable position. The band was the first thing that entered our line of sight and the cheering and clapping began. The cheerleaders' float came around next, Claire Matthews sitting on a throne up on the float as the nominated Homecoming Queen. I remembered the thing Malerie told us yesterday and immediately blanched. She would always be beautiful and proud and queenly , but somehow, my perspective of her changed for good. The other floats followed shortly right after: the football team, the drama club, the FBLA, the Yearbook club—Remy was dressed in a formal blouse and a pencil skirt as she waved enthusiastically at the crowd; next to Claire looking like a Queen, she just might fill out the position of the princess—the Celibacy Club, the Debate team and at the very end of the parade, the Writers' Club's float. The cheering was reduced to a hushed silence as all the other floats passed by. I heard snickers gathering in the crowd as the last float rolled in front of them. I frowned, confused. Why were they laughing? I tried to look past the field and see what the commotion was all about but the cheerleader beside me kept on elbowing my stomach. It wasn't until the float went by us that I realized what they were laughing at. There was no truck pulling on the float of the Writers' Club. Instead, Carson was pulling at it with his bare hands using a rope, Malerie waving at the crowd and jumping up and down on the float. I bit my lip in horror. \"Oh my god…\" It was all I could get out hoarsely as I watched both of them be jeered and booed and mocked by my fellow audience. \"Go LOSERS!\" Someone from the bottom right bleachers shouted—it sounded like a guy, maybe a football player—and the whole crowd roared with laughter. Soon, other people joined it, throwing out insults casually. \"Get outta here!\" \"What a nice pair. They're both so pathetic.\" \"Oh ho, aren't you strong, Phillips? That girl must've weighed a ton!\" \"A hundred tons, more like!\" From where I was frozen in my seat, I could see Carson's face going red with effort, rage and mostly humiliation. I clenched my fists tightly against the fabric of my pants and felt helplessness washing over me. There was nothing I could do to help this time. Not when the whole school, the faculty and even the parents were going along with it. \"Screw you!\" Carson screamed angrily and pulled the float off the field and without wasting any more time, I stood up from my seat and ran to get to him. \"Carson! Carson!\" I called out pathetically at the tense figure that seemed torn in between walking stiffly as to not appear so desperate and running like hell had been unleashed. I swallowed a few deep breaths as I tried to catch up with him; he walked really fast when he was angry. \"Carson, please. Wait up!\" I caught up with him just before he could get inside his car and reached out to grab his shoulder. My fingers barely made contact with him when he whirled around and turned to me with a cold glare. \"What?!\" He snapped harshly and I flinched, taking a cautious step back to give him a concerned look. His eyes were a stormy gray in color, burning with rage and red-rimmed. His chest was rapidly going up and down, sharp breaths escaping him. His expression scared me. \"I was just…\" I mumbled nervously, swallowing hard, \"I wanted to see how you were.\" \"How I am?\" He repeated furiously and slammed the door of his car close, a loud bang resonated after it. I recoiled back from him. \"I'm fucking angry! What do you think?\" He bit out, throwing his hands up and kicking the side of his car. Carson closed his eyes tightly and I was reminded of a kid trying to shield away from his worst nightmare. He inhaled deeply. \"I thought I could convince them.\" He choked out in a whisper. \"Now that I think about it, that thought was just plain stupid.\" There was an edge of hysteria to his tone that sent goose bumps down my arms. I've never seen him this upset before. \"Carson…\" I tried again but he jerked away before I could reach him, and he got inside his car. I placed a hand on the closed door and looked at him through his half-open window. \"Carson, please.\" \"It's getting late.\" Carson said hoarsely, sniffing and averting his red eyes from me. He eyed the road with undeniable contempt. \"You should go home, Raewyn.\" He said my name in a soft, apologetic tone and I could feel my heart breaking even more at how vulnerable he was. The events of Homecoming scarred him further than I thought. I clenched my teeth and refused to budge from my position. I wasn't going to end this night without at least talking to him and making him feel better. I wasn't about to let him go like this, angry and near breaking point. \"Carson, come on.\" I tapped on his window urgently. \"Please. We have time.\" \"No, we don't.\" He answered quickly and pushed the gear stick into drive. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" He drove away before I could say anything further and left me by myself in the student parking lot. Author's Note: Thank you for all the favs, follows and reviews! Your comments make my day complete 3! ^^ ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hey guys, it's my first time writing something non-fictional, so please be gentle. I"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Tray's New Life 2:The Killing Hour Continues","Author":"william.russell.77995","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11506957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ACTORS TRAY:FINALLY AFTER WHAT SEEMED LIKE MONTHS IM BACK EILLY:YES..YOU ARE JACK:THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE LILLY:YES..NOW LETS US BEGIN! (A/N AUTHOR'S NOTE) (thought) ( \"jyuubi talking\") CHAPTER 1: A NEW THREAT! Trayvon,Jack,Eilly and Lilly (A/N TRAY AND EILLY IS 13 WHILE JACK AND LILLY IS 14) was downtown walking around inside a video store looking for new movies to watch considering they haven't got out lately because they were busy saving the world then Eilly pulled out a movie that said 'I know what you did last night and I saw what you did' she figured it would be nice to be able to watch a movie after all they've been through in the past year. \"Hey Lilly come here\" Lilly walked over to EIlly's side \"What about this one?\" Lilly read the movie title \"I know what you did last night and I saw what you did..sure.\" Eilly looked around for her boyfriend who was with Trayvon looking at action packed movies. \"Jack im telling you this is the one\" Tray tapped the movie in his hand, Jack sighed \"I dunno Trayvon it's to...Lame\" Trayvon flicked Jack's forehead \"Ouch!..now this is what you need\" Jack showed Trayvon a romance movie \"Dude I swear every since you started dating Eilly you've been all like..'let's get something romantic and simple' what's gotten into you?\" Jack shoved Trayvon lightly. \"I do not anyways let's go pay for these\" Jack walked to the check out station to buy the movies that they all had. \"Are you ready?\" the sales woman was wearing a red and yellow uniform typing in the numbers,she looked like she was 24. \"Yeah\" the sales lady added up they're movies \"Your total is..$34.95\" Jack pulled out $35 \"Here you go ma'am\" Trayvon saw someone else in the store with them she looked like she was trying to reach for a movie that was high up but couldn't get it. Trayvon cleared his throat and says \"I'll be right back guys.\" Trayvon approached the girl slowly he noticed her hair was dark brown,she was carmel and she was wearing a blue dress with some black leggings,and some sketchers on her feet. \"Hey\" the girl stopped reaching and faced Trayvon \"Hi what's your name?\" Trayvon just walked a little closer and says \"My name is Trayvon Nimakaze..what's yours?\" the girl giggled \"My names Elizabeth Howards\" he noticed her eyes were blue. (That's weird I never noticed her eyes until now..\"that's because she wasn't facing you\" yeah true enough) \"were you trying to get something down?\" Elizabeth pointed to a movie that was out of her reach \"I wanted freddy vs Jason but I can't get it down\" Trayvon got an idea \"Let me try\" Elizabeth stepped back and looked away saying \"Sure but I don't think-\" Trayvon used his telekinetic power to bring the movie to him then says \"I got it\" Elizabeth turned to face him then blinked a couple of times to make sure she wasn't dreaming, She clearly saw he was holding the movie in his hands. \"How did you do that?\" \"If you go out with me i'll tell you everything about me\" Elizabeth thought on it \"I just met you?\" \"So what's the difference\" \"and I only learned your name\" \"Which is good\" \"..Fine but you have to tell me tomorrow\" \"Um sure\" Elizabeth went to go pay for the movie and walked out the door. Jack was starring at Trayvon who was spacing out \"Hello earth to Trayvon\" Trayvon blinked twice \"Huh? What?\" Jack laughed \"Dude I saw you flirting with that girl who just left\" \"So what's it to you..i think she's hot\" Jack put his arm on Trayvon's shoulder and says \"Of course she is..she's even better looking than\" Jack just looked at Lilly with his eyes \"Yeah..maybe\" The four teens left out the video store and walked to a alley. Lilly made a gross look then asks \"Why are we coming through here?\" Eilly looked left and right to make sure they weren't followed. Jack just looked at Lilly \"Just watch this\" Eilly made a magic circle appear on the brick wall \"Whoa!\" said Lilly in amazement. Trayvon just stared at it for the 6th time this year, \"It's a portal Sis now come on\" Eilly walked through the portal and Jack went next,Lilly looked at Trayvon who mentioned for her to hurry \"We don't got all day\" Lilly went through the portal, Trayvon looked at the purple substance that was swirling in a circular motion on the wall \"Bone apple tee\" Trayvon went through the he went through it closed. They came out the other end of the portal they were standing in a field close by there house. Trayvon rubbed his head and says \"Eilly you messed up again\" Eilly put her hands on her hips and faced Trayvon \"Well excuse me for not getting us closer\" Jack started walking towards the house \"We're 2 blocks away come on\" Lilly followed him. Eilly was the next to follow when she felt someone near by \"Huh?\" she turned around but didn't see anyone. Trayvon caught her eye \"What are you looking at?\" he looked around franticly trying to see if he saw anyone \"It's nothing Trayvon now come on\" Trayvon started walking when a purple blast came from no where and hit him in the back \"Agh!\" the blast was indeed powerful and it was filled with darkness to make it worse. Everyone stopped and faced Trayvon as he fell to his knees to catch his breath. \"Trayvon are you alright?\" Lilly kneeled down beside him \"Trayvon?\" Eilly watched as another blast was coming she jumped infront of them and deflected it \"Guys we have to move..Like now\" Eilly turned around to see a blast being sent to her face \"Aaagh!\"she flew a few feet back and laid on the ground, Jack ran to her side \"Lilly we're under attack we have to move\" Lilly nodded and helped Trayvon to his feet \"Come on Tray we have to go\" Trayvon opened his eyes but he felt like he lost all senses then another blast hit jack \"AAGH!\" Jack dropped Eilly and fell by her side, Lilly watched as a man in all purple aimed his hand at them \"Don't shoot..please don't shoot!\" the men lowered his hand \"That boy on your back..he is Trayvon Nimakaze right? the seeker of light am I right?\" Lilly whispered \"Seeker of light? Trayvon what is he talking about?\" Trayvon lifted his head slowly he was in so much pain he didn't know what to say \"I..don't know\" Lilly continued to talk to the men \"He's not the seeker of light..sorry\" The man pointed his hand at them \"Yes he is..He has the power of higher enchantment inside him or he probably doesn't have it yet\" Trayvon gathered his remaining strength and yells \"I don't have any higher enchantment!\" The man chuckled \"so you haven't went to go train with him yet?\" \"Train with who?\" The man vanished while saying \"I'll give you one week to learn the basics and then I'll come for you\" Lilly pulled out her phone and contacted the under world gaurdians \"Tom and Spike come in\" -Lilly what's going on we have readings that Trayvon,Jack and Eilly's health is down to 15%- \"We were attacked by some man in purple..But we need medics up here..now\" -Ok sending them now- Lilly waited for. Five minutes until she saw the medics come from out of no where and place the three heroes inside of ambulances \"I'm coming too\" Lilly hopped in the back with Trayvon and watched as a red fiery portal opened up and sucked them inside it. from close by a girl with a blue dress watched the entire scene \"Seeker of the light?\" Three hours passed since the heroes were attacked and brought to the underworld hospital,Lilly watched as demons, lost spirits and any other thing that belonged in there was being healed up \"You might call this a second hell\" Trayvon came from his room to see Lilly playing with her thumbs then she looked up at him and says \"Oh Trayvon your ok\" \"Yeah the doctors said that the blast was powerful enough to cause us serious damage but they fixed us up\" Eilly and Jack came from their rooms to see Tom and Spike walking towards them \"Trayvon\" Trayvon looked at Spike \"Yo\" \"Kate\" Eilly flipped her hair and says \"Yes?\" \"We have something to tell you\" Lilly stood up \"Is it about me being the Neutral Demon?\" Tom nodded \"We forgot to tell you..in order to unlock your ultimate form you have to master 4 different classes\" Trayvon's eyes widened \"Four?\" \"Yep..The first class is the angelic light you may know it as higher enchantment\" Lilly remembered something and says \"Wait hold on that man who attacked us said something about this\" \"Yes and now Trayvon you have to master this class in a week just remember it's never been done\" Trayvon nodded \" I can handle it.\"[Chapter 2] OK IM BACK WITH THE SECOND THRILLING CHAPTER! CAST TRAYVON:OK HERE WE GO AGAIN EILLY:YEP WE SURE IS LILLY:THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE IN THE STORY JACK:LET THE STORY COMMENCE! in this chapter this is (the energy speeking) -thinking- CHAPTER 2: FEEL THE ENERGY WITHIN! Trayvon,Jack,Eilly and Lilly were standing in front of a dojo that looked very old. Jack tapped Trayvon on the shoulder \"Tray, looks like you done it now\" Trayvon removed Jack's hand of his shoulder \"I know\" an old muscular man came standing in front of the four teenagers \"What brings you four to these parts of the mountains?\" Trayvon was the first to speak \"I'm here to train under the master of higher enchantment so that I could defeat a enemy within six days time \". The old muscular man sighed \"Do you expect to accomplish all of this in only six days?\" Trayvon knew it was a long shot but he still had to take the chance \"That's right\" The old muscular man walked towards him \"What about your three friends are they here to learn it as well?\" Jack turned towards Eilly who looked confused \"No were here to give him motivation\" The old muscular man chuckled \"Very well then come in\" he led the way towards a training ground that was in the back of the dojo ,After reaching the backyard Trayvon didn't see anything except a empty backyard \"Uhh\" The muscular old man told Eilly,Jack and Lilly to go have a seat on the bench. \"What is your name young one?\" Trayvon cleared his throat \"My name is Trayvon Nimakaze\" \"Your a Nimakaze you say?\" \"That's right..one of the last one's that is\" \"My name is Toby\" Trayvon wanted to smile but he kept his face serious. \"Toby\" \"Yes...beware young one,this training exercise is very simple..well for me that is, you might have some trouble sensing the energy within you\" Trayvon understood \"I know Toby...That's why im here\" Toby gave Trayvon a half smile \"Very well...All you have to do is meditate-\" Trayvon sighed \"Is that it?\" asked Trayvon looking upset \"Why yes but remember while your meditating to feel for that energy\" Toby started walking towards the gate \"How do I know if I found it?\" Toby looked back at Trayvon \"It'll feel like warmth and love\" and with that Toby was gone. Trayvon looked around for a spot to go sit in,he saw a spot that was in the shade and had sunlight coming through the leaves \"Perfect\" he sits down and took a deep breath and closed his eyes \"Here I go\" Trayvon felt dizzy for a few seconds but then it adjusted to him like it was nothing \"Oh ok...Now to\" he felt hot and cold at once, the feeling was so much that it literally shocked him from his trance \"Ouch!\"Trayvon opened his eyes he turned around to see a wooden fence with a dent in it \"It's unstable...Still I have to get back to it\" once again Trayvon closed his eyes and re-entered the trance. He felt the energy but couldn't grab the energy with his hands it just floated there infront of his face. (A/N REMEMBER HIS EYES IS CLOSED THIS IS CALLED VISUAL TRAINING.) Trayvon just looked at the light blue energy floating in front of him \"I get it\" he reached for it only to be shocked twice as hard from the energy. \"Ouch!\" he opened his eyes and saw Toby standing there \"Toby?\" Toby leaned down \"In order to grab the energy you must clear your mind in other words forget about the threat that's surfacing looking for you, forget about that girl you like...Elizabeth just remember the energy is you if that's so then who are you?\" Toby disappeared within the air. Trayvon still had his legs crossed \"If the energy is me then who am I?\" he closed his eyes once again, he re-entered the state again (Clear your mind) as he did that he drifted a little deeper into the meditation state (Forget about the threat who's after me) it was like his thoughts were being pushed away from his brain but he was getting closer to the energy with every step (Forget about Elizabeth) he was standing right in front of it now (The energy is you) Trayvon reached out to touch the energy (If that's so then who am I?) the blue and white energy stretched towards his hand (You are...me) Trayvon looked around for where the voice came from \"Who said that?\" the energy was completely inside of him now. A blue and white energy took it's shape a few feet in front of him, (You are me, energy is you and you are me) Trayvon let the thoughts seep into his mind \"You are me, energy is you and I'm you?\" The energy was bright but Trayvon could tell it was a male standing in front of him (That is correct) Trayvon just shook his head and asked another question \"Well then I have a question\" the energy beam figure nodded (Go ahead) \"Just who are you?\" (I am you) \"I meant your name?\" (It's Trayvon) Trayvon watched as the light died down a little. He saw the energy clearly it looked just like him except it was blue and white (In the future you will learn how to use me in battles) \"Well I need your help now\" the energy disappeared but before it was completely gone it said (I know what you want,and your already doing it) Trayvon looked at his feet to see a blue and white light beneath his feet \"What the?\" the ground started cracking (You mustn't be afraid...It's ok) Trayvon fell in the light screaming loud as he can. As he fell he felt the energy move all around him,it covered him,cleansed him and then it swallowed him up..When Trayvon regained consciousness the grass looked blurry (I'm..I feel) Trayvon saw a girl wearing a black shirt, a black mini skirt with some leggings she had heels on her feet, her hair was black, her eyes were also black but her skin was white as she was sitting in front of him. He cleared his throat \"W-Who are you?\" the girl smiled an says \"My name is Jyuubi I'm the ten tailed beast that's been sealed inside of you for 13 years\" Trayvon wondered what was a ten tailed beast doing inside of him \"Why are you inside of me?\" \"Because your my Jinjuriki I belong with you and as years pass you'll learn my power\" Jyuubi disappeared into thin air. Toby came to the backyard and gave Trayvon a thumbs up \"Great job kid I can sense the energy within you already working\" Trayvon nodded \"What's the next step?\" \"I'll teach you how to make a shield around you-\" Trayvon interrupted him and says \"I know how to do that\" \"No kid with your new energy it isn't the same you see..You'll have to meditate again but focus on love and when that's done we can advanced to the other parts\" Trayvon thought on it -Kid it's jyuubi can you hear me?- \"Yes I can hear you\" -Good just checking- Toby was confused \"Ok but for now go rest up for later around 6pm\" Trayvon looked at his watch \"It's 12am now...Ok I get it\" Trayvon went inside the dojo to feel extremely tired and dizzy but he saw Elizabeth then after that everything went black.[Chapter 3] Tnl 2 ch3 OK IM HERE WITH THE THIRD CHAPTER! ACTORS TRAYVON:OK HERE WE GO WITH THE NEXT ACTION PACKED ADVENTURE EILLY:YEAH YOU SAID IT ELIZABETH:NOW LET US BEGIN! jack walks away mumbling something -thinking- (jyuubi speaks) CHAPTER 3: CREATING A SHEILD! Trayvon woke up to see the sun was setting \"I wonder what time it is?\" (It's 6'oclock kid) \"Oh right I was getting ready to start another exercise\" (Of course kid now get a move on) \"My name isn't kid it's Trayvon got it?\" (Yeah yeah whatever Tray) Trayvon got up and went outside to see Toby waiting for him \"It's about time you woke up\" Trayvon turned around to see Eilly and Jack waving to him \"Go Ahead Trayvon\" \"Yeah pal hurry up so we can go\" Trayvon gave a thumbs up to Eilly and Jack. As he approached Toby he remembered seeing Elizabeth before passing out (If your looking for your girlfriend she's by the old man) Toby snapped him out his thoughts \"Are you ready Trayvon..I know that last exercise drained your conscious side\" \"Yeah it did\" Toby bed \"Well that's a good thing *laughs* it's suppose to do that, this exercise is taking your higher enchantment energy and have it expand to about 5-6 feet from you\" Trayvon put his hands up \"What does this exercise do?\" Toby glared at Trayvon \"It'll help you in the future but for now start the exercise...I'll give you three hours to have this completed oh and know this...It won't drain you this time until you give it three tries\" \"and if I fail?\" \"that's what I meant if you fail you will pass out again\" Trayvon went to go sit in his previous spot he was at. He closed his eyes -Focus on love not war- A image of Eilly popped into his head, Toby watched as he expanded the shield two feet ahead of him \"In order to move it more you have to focus on someone other than her...Think of your other friends and her at the same time\".Trayvon heard Toby's voice -Right- A image of Jack popped into his head -My best friend Jefferey Jack Jackson or simply Jack for short or Triple j- The two images of Eilly and Jack standing there smiling at him was so warm that it made him laugh. -Haha yeah that's it- Toby watched as it expanded another two feet ahead of him. \"Now think of the other girl who's your friend\" again Toby's voice instructed him to do so -Uughh he mean Jodelle Lilly Ferland..Eilly's sister..- A image of Lilly appeared right next to Eilly's left while Jack stood on her right -Why do I have to think about her?- Trayvon remembered how he used to like Lilly -Haha I'm funny- Toby watched as the shield expanded a foot in front of him \"Trayvon it only moved a foot\" -what?- \"in order for you to use the shield you must love everyone equally\" -oh sure im guessing you got a better idea on how to love her..Wait that doesn't sound right- \"Just remember what you like about her and hold it, this is strike one\" -Oh man I can feel my energy deplete as well- \"Focus Tray\" -Right I get it Trayvon looked at her hair then her body -man she sure is cute- he looked at her eyes -Her eyes are sexy- he looked at her lips -I really want to kiss her- Toby watched as the shield expanded two extra feet. \"Whoa ok kid now think about your girlfriend\" Toby's voice was just echoing in his ears (Hey Trayvon do you want my help?) -No thanks Jyuubi now shush- A image of Elizabeth showed up her beauty was just shining in front of him -She does looks better than Lilly- Trayvon felt his energy deplete slower. Toby watched as the shield expanded another two feet. \"Alright Tray you did it..Now add motion to those images..What was the last thing you like about them?\" -That's easy for the first three- Elizabeth's picture blinked a few times while wearing her blue dress she was reaching for a movie -haha- the now motion picture kept doing the same thing she did that day. -Ok next up is my main man Jack..Well my main best friend that is- Jack's image started blinking and moving. the motion picture was running away from some one in fear screaming for his life \"Please stop this!\" -Ahahaha!- Next up was Eilly he added her to Jack's motion picture. the image blinked and moved then got a little mad and started chasing Jack \"Jack how dare you eat the last pop tart, I told you it was mine, your going to pay!\" Jack's motion picture repeated itself \"please stop this I'm sorry Eilly I won't do it again I swear!\" -HAHAHA! classic- He reviewed the motion pictures they were doing what he had remembered. -Cool..now all that's left is..ugh Lilly- Lilly's image blinked a few times then smiled at him \"Hey what are you looking at?\" -Nothing- Lilly's motion picture walked inside Eilly and Jack's motion picture and stopped Jack so Eilly could clobber him with rice pudding -HAHA- all four motion pictures were exactly correct but then he combined them only to have them say his name \"Hey get up\" \"Yeah dude your done\" \"Yo Trayvon\" \"I wanna know all about you\". Trayvon watched the motion pictures then emerged from the deep was yelling from a distance but when she got closer she forgot how angry she was at him. Toby stood by her side \"What do you feel?\" Lilly sheded a tear and smiled \"I feel sadness and Love and it feels warm\" \"Do you like it?\" \"yes it feels good\" The shield disappeared within Trayvon (AN IT WAS A CLEAR COLOR SO U COULDN'T SEE IT) Toby looked at his watch and noticed it was 10:30pm \"Whoa we went a little over board...Oh well lets get some shut eye\" Trayvon stood up and noticed Elizabeth was there \"Hey Trayvon, Eilly explained everything to me so don't sweat it...I'll be here with you until your done\" Trayvon nodded and ran to go catch Toby who was already telling him the next lesson \"You will learn how to summon a bow and arrow of light when your done you can form any weapon from this energy \"Trayvon nodded \"I still got five days\" \"Indeed you do but remember after that lesson it will get harder\" Trayvon nodded, ge walked to his then went to bed.[Chapter 4] OK LET'S KEEP THE BALL ROLLING ACTORS TRAYVON: THIS IS TO TIRING EILLY:YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN JACK:THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE ELIZABETH:YEAH WHAT HE SAID LILLY: LET THE STORY COMMENCE CHAPTER 4: SUMMONING THE BOW AND ARROWS! Trayvon woke up to see Elizabeth laying next to him \"Oh man she looks so peaceful\" Trayvon looked at the door-way to see Jyuubi standing there \"Good morning Jyuubi I got a question for you\" \"And go ahead\" Trayvon took a deep breath \"Are you outside of my body?\" Jyuubi laughed \"Well it looks like it but no I'm just projecting myself through your third eye\". Trayvon quickly got dressed and ran out side to see Toby standing there \"Your here\" \"Yep\" \"Just focus on this bow and arrow\" Toby passed him the bow and arrow to feel. \"Look at it, feel it's texture\" After doing so Toby instructed him what to do \"In order to summon the bow and arrows of light all you have to do is focus on these be careful you only get one shot for a day\" Trayvon looked at Toby with disappointment and says \"What one shot for a day? why how come?\" Toby was expecting this and put his hand on his student's shoulder \"Because if you try to do this more than once a day\" Toby paused \"you'll surely die\" Trayvon looked worried sure he wanted to master the training but he didn't want to die trying \"I get what you mean Toby..I'll just have to concentrate with all of my power\" Toby watched as Kate monitored him \"I'll tell your friends they can go find something to do themselves, I don't want them just standing there waiting for you to get ready for a fight while they just do nothing and play as back up\". Trayvon put the arrows down and focused on the bow (Look at it) he clearly saw the bow was a wooden bow it had a string that must have been to shoot the arrows bow was old but everytime Trayvon ran his fingers over the bow he felt some tingling in his hands (What was that? nevermind I gotta focus) Trayvon closed his eyes and pictured the bow. Kate agreed with Toby they did need something to do \"Are you sure you'll watch him for me?\" Jack wanted to start laughing right there but he knew better than to make jokes at what she say. \"I've already told you Kate,just go ahead I'll keep a close eye on him\". Kate looked at Jack who agreed with Toby \"Ok then..come on sis lets go get something to eat from downtown's taste of Chicago\" Lilly agreed \"okay come on\" Eilly and Lilly walked out of the dojo training grounds and of course Jack followed them \"Your just going to leave me behind huh?\" asked Eilly while standing at the top of the mountain and says \"Well maybe you should keep up honey\" Jack started floating off the ground \"Well I'll meet you two there i've got something I want to do\" Eilly looked at Jack curiously and says \"What do you have to do that's so important Jack?\" Jack just looked into the sky \"I want to get some training in before Tray's training is complete. I want to be able to keep up with him you know\" Kate floated off the ground with Lilly by her side \"Okay Jack if you want to go do some training then go ahead but at least let us spar with you\" Jack looked at Eilly and wondered was she serious \"Are you serious Eilly?\" (A/N REMEMBER KATE AND EILLY IS THE SAME PERSON. EILLY IS HER MIDDLE NAME) Kate nodded and says \"Of course im serious Jefferry why wouldn't I be?\" Jack just shook his head \"Alright then come on\" Jack was about to fly when Kate says \"Wait hold on\" Jack looked at her \"What's wrong?\" he heard her stomach growl, Kate blushed and started laughing nervously \"Can we get something to eat first?\" Jack fell on his head and got back up \"Fine ok come on\" Kate used her powers to find the taste of Chicago it looked like a purple energy ball that furtune teller would use except this one floated and it scanned through the crowds to find what she was looking for. Jack was growing impatient \"Eilly can we go please?\" Kate found the taste of Chicago and smiled \"Alright then lets go!\" Jack was about to fly off again when he felt like he was being sucked inside something \"What the hell\" he turned his head to see he was being sucked through the energy orb that Kate was holding \"Come on stop fighting it\" she used more power to transport the 3 of them inside the restaurant. Trayvon was having a bad time concentrating on the bow everytime he thought he had it, he wouldn't summon it was on the porch and Elizabeth watched as her boyfriend struggled to get the training done correctly. \"Oh Tray...I know you'll get it..I just know you will\" Trayvon must have heard her even though she was speaking very low. \"How can I get it Elizabeth when I can't even focus?\" Elizabeth frowned \"Maybe you need a distraction\". Elizabeth started walking over to walking over to stopped when she was right infront of his face \"I know what you need\" she wrapped her arms around his neck,she moved her face closer to his she could feel him breathing very slowly she wondered what was he thinking about with his eyes closed. She pressed her soft lips onto his. this caught Trayvon by surprise he let out a small moan then Elizabeth quickly stopped it. Elizabeth just kept kissing him, the kiss seemed to last for a eternity for her but that's when she felt something licking her lips (What is that?) she knew it was his tongue trying to find a way inside of her mouth. Elizabeth gave him the access he wanted, Trayvon dropped the bow and placed his arms around her waist and kissed her like there was nothing else better to do. The kiss lasted for five minutes before she broke it when they were finished kissing they realized they wanted each other making the two teens stared at each other in pure lust. Elizabeth felt dizzy, Trayvon sat her down on the grass next to him \"Are you alright?\" Elizabeth looked up into his dark brown eyes \"You know something\" Trayvon looked into her blue eyes \"What?\" \"That was my first real kiss. I was planning on saving it for my husband\" Trayvon smiled \"I guess that means when we're older I have to marry you\" Elizabeth laughed then says \"We should have three kids as well in the future.\" Trayvon didn't want to have any kids in the future but for Elizabeth he didn't mind at all \"Yeah two boys and a girl\" Elizabeth giggled \"What if its two girls and a boy?\" he started thinking \"Well then his name will be Sonic Nimakaze you know\" \"Sonic? your going to name our only son after Sonic The Hedgehog?\" he nodded \"Yeah\" \"Our daughters will have my Nana's name and my Mom's name...Amy Nimakaze and Aliyah Nimakaze..were going to be the Nimakaze family\". Kate,Jack and Lilly was just leaving the taste of Chicago \"Boy that was delicious\" said Kate rubbing her stomach \"Yeah I know right we should come here more often\" said Lilly stretching, Jack was about to speak but a purple meteor crashed into the central park that was across the street from scolded the meteor \"Why do things have to happen on today?\" Lilly was thinking (why did this meteor come crashing down after we ate? and another thing it's smaller than a meteor but it pact a punch to the earth? unless...) Jack looked at Lilly and says \"Hey are you alright?\" Lilly looks at Jack and says \"I'm fine I was just thinking meteors don't just crash into the earth and it's to small to be a meteor so...Someone did this\" Kate watched as more meteors started crashing into the buildings citizens were running and screaming for their lives and others didn't make it. Jack watched as the men who wore the all purple armor make his way towards them \"Well well kiddies I see we meet again but where is Trayvon?\" Jack was frowning \"You know we're not going to tell you right\" \"Very well have it your way then\" Jack walk infront of them \"Jack are you sure you can handle him alone?\" asked Kate \"of course I can...Just sit tight this will only take five minutes\" the man laughed \"I'm Mardor prepare to die\" Jack laughed \"Enough talk just fight.\"[Chapter 5] IM STEAM ROLLING THIS AGAIN..I THOUGHT I SHOULD SHOW YOU THE BEST OF THESE GUYS SO FAR ACTORS TRAY:HEY EVERYONE WELCOME BACK KATE:NOW LETS US CONTINUE LILLY:THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE JACK:NOW LET US COMMENCE CHAPTER 5:Jack Vs Mardor! Flash back (Jack laughed \"enough talk just fight) Flash back ended Mardor stood still \"How about I let you get the first attack then\" Jack got into his fighting stance \"don't say anything when I kill you\" Mardor grinned \"you talk big for a brat but can you back it up?\" Jack was confident that he would beat Mardor \"Alright then I guess I shouldn't take you lightly since I know 1 of your attacks\" Mardor just stod there \"Very well bring it\" Jack raised his power level to the max. Kate stood there and monitored his power \"Jack's at 2,965\" Lilly looked at Kate \"your boyfriend seems confident, do you think he'll win?\" Kate looks at Lilly then looks towards Jack \"I know he'll win\". Mardor was a little surprised by Jack's power level \"Well I see your boyfriend is not as weak as those other earthlings whose power levels were only a mere 10...This will be very interesting come boy show me what you can do\" said Mardor. Jack's eyes changed to a golden color his aurora was shining like a candle \"With pleasure\" Jack vanished Mardor's eyes widened \"Where did he go?\" Jack re-appeared on his right and delivered kick to Mardor's face \"Right here tin head\" Mardor's head was turned to the side he stood wasn't moving \"Come now tell me is that all you can do?\" Jack got frustrated by Mardor's calm voice \"I'm just getting started!\" Jack was raising his energy past his limits \"Arrrgghh!\" Mardor smiled \"Oh my so much energy...So much power, tell me kid will you defeat me?\" Jack vanished again but this time even faster he sent a punch to Mardor's stomach which made Mardor hold his stomach with his eyes wide \"Why...You little\" Jack smiled \"You shouldn't have come here Mardor!\" Jack attacked Mardor so fast that Lilly couldn't keep up with him \"Whoa I'll give it you Kate, Jack's strong but his ago will be his down fall\" Kate didn't even look at Lilly \"No it wont\". Jack was moving so fast that the only thing you saw was a light attacking him \"Here have some more Mardor\" Mardor was knocked into the air in free mode all he could do was stay still \"hmph damn brat\" Jack was rocketing himself right at Mardor with two energy balls in his hands. \"Well at least he's starting to get serious\" Mardor stopped himself in the air and waited for Jack's attack \"Here you idiot...Double Canon!\" the energy balls turned into waves and fused together. Jack sent them right at stood there without a scratch on him but he knew not to take them lightly \"i'll stay put\" the energy hit Mardor directly causing Mardor to fall towards the ground. Reporters were on the scene watching the fight they had News at nine, Abc 7 and Fox news \"This is Emily Snakes reporting live on the scene there seemed to be purple comets or meteors crashing Into buildings and destroying downtown Chicago\" Emily turned around and saw Mardor \"Zoom in...As you can see this man is behind all the attacks that are happening right now and there seems to be\" Emily spotted Eilly and Lilly watching the fight she ran over to them trying to get them away from Mardor. \"Kids it isn't safe to be right here or this close to this man...He's the one behind the attacks,-\" Jack landed by Eilly and Lilly \"Guys he's still standing no worries I still got two minutes left\" Emily looked at Jack \"As you can see this boy is glowing like he's on fire and I tell you folks this is not a trick this is real\" Jack took back off into the air \"Mardor I promised you this fight would end in five minutes and that's what im going to do\" Mardor had his arms crossed \"Your a cocky little brat aren't you?\" Jack put his arms behind his back \"Here it comes the attack that will put a end to you right here Mardor!\" golden energy was forming behind his back \"I promise you, I can only do this once so pay close attention to what im about to do\" Mardor just stood there \"Very well boy stop talking and do it already\" Jack formed more energy \"Haaaaarrrrrrggghhh!\" Kate and Lilly watched as Jack put a lot of power into this one blast,Lilly looked at Eilly and says \"Do you think he'll kill him with that?\" Eilly bit her lower lip and says \"He did it\" Emily was still reporting live filming images of Jack facing off against Mardor. \"Haaaarrrrgh!\" Jack felt something inside of him snap but he couldn't stop not now, especially with too much on the line!. \"Mardor this is a going away present!\" Mardor was frowning Jack had this golden spear that looked like a monkey from his position \"Take this Mardor!...Golden Monkey!\" the monkey's blast was sent at Mardor \"My my this boy possess a very rare technique\" the moment the monkey made contact with Mardor it was moving at a blinding speed. Mardor on the other hand was being ripped and attack by the blast \"I guess that's how it's done\" Jack kept pushing the enrgy further and further away \"Now\" the monkey exploded into five diffrent colors red,blue,green,orange and yellow. Jack landed on the ground wheezing for air. \"Damn that was all my energy I had left\" Lilly started laughing \"Jack you did it!\" Jack waited for a moment he wanted to make sure Mardor was gone \"I don't sense his energy...He must have died\" Jack eye's reverted to their normal green. Mardor rose up from the ground and shouted \"Do you think you've won kid?!\" Jack turned around to see Mardor still alive \"H-How can he still be alive?! I made sure he was dead!\" Jack tried to power back up but he didn't even have enough energy to do that \"Your weak and I'm still unharmed\" Jack looked towards Mardor's way and saw he wasn't even bruised yet alone weakend. \"Now it's my turn\" everything happened so fast, Mardor was a few feet away and the next thing Jack knows he's on the ground in pain. \"Aaaaaaaggggggghhhh!\" Mardor stood over Jack holding out his hand \"Didn't you say something about killing me earlier hmm? Well the roles have been switched Jack, this is how you die!\"Jack closed his eyes and accepted defeat, Mardor was going to kill Jack when he sensed Lilly's power sky rocket!. Lilly's eyes went black she was transformed into her demon form, her hair turned gray and her eyes were big black orbs and her power had increased her power twice as much. (power level 7,000 after transforming my power became 14,000) Mardor looked at Lilly \"Fine then its your turn\"[Chapter 6] I AM BACK WITH THIS CHAPTER THE ACTION JUST KEEPS ON ROLLING Preview real short JACK:my arm hurts so much...I don't think I can fight back Eilly:jack are you alright? Demon-Lilly:just stay down jack I've got this Elizabeth in a hushed tone :the story starts now... CHAPTER 6: DEMON-LILLY VS MARDOR! Lilly stood right next to Eilly's side, Eilly looked at Lilly \"Do you think you can control yourself?\" Demon-Lilly looks straight at Mardor and says \"I'm always in control\" Eilly used her telekinesis to pull Jack right next to her she sat by his side she looked at him with worry in her eyes \"Jack are you alright?\" Jack tries to get up but starts screaming in pain. \"My arm hurts so much...I don't think I can fight back\" Eilly kissed his forehead \"You've done enough baby\" Demon-Lilly keeps eyeing Mardor and says \"Just stay down Jack I've got this\" Jack looked towards Lilly's direction \"This is your true form huh?\" Lilly growled \"I must admit I never think you would step in and save me Lilly even though you took awhile\" Demon-Lilly didn't say a word she just looks right at Mardor and says \"Looks like I'm going to be starting it this time\" Demon-Lilly rushed towards him in a bewilderment state she slashed furiously,kicked him and slapped him a couple of slide back and smiled \"I must admit you might be acting like animal but at least you now how to deliver blows\" Demon-Lilly just stood there \"Did you say I'm acting like a animal?\" Mardor watched as she took one step forward and appeared behind him \"I must admit your not holding back either..tell me Demon if your this strong I wonder how strong Is that girl over there\" Mardor looked at Eilly as she held Jack \"You will never find out.\" Demon-Lilly delivered a blow that made Mardor fall down to his knees \"Ouch-that hurts girly\" Demon-Lilly created a black ball with her hands and stuck it right into Mardors shirt \"My my aren't we getting right down to business\" the ball exploded right inside of his shirt Demon-Lilly huffed \"That took half of my energy but I'll use the rest of my energy to show you that im not messing around\" Demon-Lilly started punching Mardor with countless of blows,Mardor was just being hit punch after punch he wondered where did these kids get this sort of power from? earth is suppose to be filled with nothing more than mere weaklings but he guessed it wasn't at least not in Chicago. Demon-Lilly knocked Mardor into a nearby building after he was stuck in the wall she flew up in front of his face and knocked him through it Mardor had his eyes closed \"My my these kids certainly do have a lot of potiential\" Demon-Lilly grabbed the building and started beating him witht he building until it was turned into nothing more than dust. Mardor was on the ground not moving a muscle \"My..my that hurt\" Demon-Lilly came out of the sky with a giant dark energy in her hand \"Aaaaarrrrggghh! take this...Lost Souls!\" she slammed it right ontop of him. \"Just to make sure your dead...Soul Stealer!\" Mardor felt something being ripped out of his body \"My..my this girly is trying to kill me is she?\" Mardor let his soul lift up into the orb. His soul looked just like him \"Soul Explosion!\" Mardor's soul unleashed a powerful aura -Lilly's Lost Soul attack had been covered in purple -Lilly let it go as it exploded on the inside. Demon-Lilly's hair switched from gray to brown then back to gray \"It looks like I'm out of time\" Demon-Lilly watched as Mardor emerged from the goo \"I'm not surprised your still alive\" Mardor watched as Demon-Lilly made a diamond shape with her hands \"This is gone on long enough\" Mardor's clothes had a little rip in them \"Don't you even dare-\" \"BURNING OSTRICH!\" a flaming ostrich ran through the diamond in her hands and turned into a forever ending tunnel of watched as the flames got closer to him and when it did he sinked into the ground causing the attack to burn five nearby buildings. Demon-Lilly unaware of his move just stood there with her arms packed into fists \"Fists of fury!\" she punched the ground causing Mardor to appear in the air \"I'm up here darling\" Demon-Lilly kept switching between forms \"Don't ever call me darling!\" she sent the second flame fist right at Mardor \"Enough of this non-sense\" he deflected her attack towards more building maybe three of them caught fire. \"I'm getting bored\" Mardor pointed a finger right at Demon-Lilly. Lilly's demon form was just about to run out \"Crap\" Mardor smiled and says \"Bang\" Demon-Lilly blocked the meteor that came her way but it was futal she was sent crashing extremely hard next to Jack and Lilly in her normal form. \"He-He-he's Ge-Ge-Getting serious\" Kate just looked at Jack and at Lilly \"Damn it why did this happen?...Please Tray hurry\" Eilly wasn't worried she trained Trayvon and was far by the only one who could defeat him in battle and her odds going against Mardor were greatly a good chance of winning. Trayvon was in the training grounds standing there with light blue eyes \"I see your starting to get it now..You've passed the bow and arrows with difficulty but you still passed and now your showing me just a part of the energy within you I know your the one\". Trayvon looked at Twister,Tanka and Brian they were related to Elizabeth and she filled them in on what's going on. Twister was light skinned with dreads in his head he was wearing a white t-shirt with baggy army was light skinned as well he had a Mohawk he was wearing a tank top with blue basketball shorts,Brian was carmel he used to be light like his brothers but he got a tan and got darker he was bold headed with a lining he was wearing a Gucci was Tray's height he was 5'3' Tanka was shorter than them both he was 4'4' and Brian he was the oldest and the tallest he was 5'6'. Elizabeth also had her 2 sisters there with her their names was Stacey she was carmel like Brian with braids in her hair she was wearing a red skirt,a red top and red heels she was 4'10' and Rachel she was carmel like Stacey she wore a white dress with some sandals she had braids as well. Trayvon looked at Elizabeth,she starred at his glowing blue eyes. \"Come here Elizabeth\" said Tray extending his hand out to her, Elizabeth smiled and says \"Lisa\" Trayvon looked at her \"Lisa, who's that?\" \"Its my middle name\" \"Ooh\" Trayvon and Toby looked towards the entrance \"I feel Jack's power level fading and Lilly's is almost gone...Wait\" Trayvon was able to see them from his location thanks to the Higher enchancement he could see from here to his friends. (Kate floated into the air \"You want a fight?...i'll give you a fight\") Trayvon screamed \"No!\" Toby looked at him \"She can't hear you\" Trayvon scolded himself from moving so slow with things \"Take it easy Tray we only have two more days left where she's at two days is like eight hours\" Trayvon turned towards Toby with his eyes \"I can't have anymore breaks or any distracions..if I don't rest then it'll be a lot faster right?\" Toby put his hand to his chin and started thinking \"Yes your right and at that rate we'll be done in only two hours\" Trayvon pumped his fist in the air. \"Lets get this over with then.\"[Chapter 7] BOY THIS IS ALOT TO DO BUT NO USE IN COMPLANING LETS GO SHORT PREVIEW Kate starts floating in the air \"you say your powerful am I right?\" Mardor nods \"of course girly now bring it on\" Kate just looks at Mardor \"Mardor here by...Kate wasn't even breaking a sweat and neighter was Mardor \"well at least your true to your word\" Twister:its on now he's gonna do it Tanka:this battle feels funny Tray:old man I need to concentrate Elizabeth in a whispering tone: the story starts now... CHAPTER 7:Kate Vs Mardor part 1! Kate looked up at Mardor and starts floating in the air \"You say your powerful am I right?\" Mardor nods \"Of course girly now bring it on\" Kate just looks at Mardor \"Mardor you don't know who or what your going up against, So tell me would you like to know?\" Mardor tittered to himself \"It doesn't matter what your true form is, I'll still kill-\" \" I'm a Angel\" said Kate interrupting him. Mardor starred at her for a second \"you're an Angel? then how come I can see you? oh wait your probably a neonate\" Kate clenched her fists and shouts \"How dare you call me a baby Angel!. I'll have you know I'm one of god's right hand man!\" Mardor wasn't interested \"Right, sure, whatever you are now. lets fight\". Kate cracked her knuckles \"I'll show you what this neonate can do\" they flew towards each other at top speed, they matched each of their blows making sure neither of them could get a hit in. The only thing you could see were sparks clashing left and right in the sky, buildings were slowly crumbling after each blow, They pulled back quickly landed six yards away from each other. Kate smiled \"Boy your pretty good, I thought this would have been a quick fight but I see your holding your own\" Mardor leaned back \"I could say the same to you, It seems like your at full power but can't even hit the greatest thing here\" \"You call yourself the greatest thing here? Now that's just sad and fyi im not at full power this is just my base level\" \"Fyi?\" \"For Your Information\" \"That's a way to go about saying it wait hold on don't try to stall time it will only make your death more painful\" Kate laughed again \"You're going to make my death painful? at your current rate you could barely land a scratch on me\" \"If you were wise you'd shut your mouth\" \"Or what Mardor, you're going to kill me?\" \"I said be queit!\" Mardor vanished into the sky \"What a 2nd grade trick-\" Kate looked down to see Mardor punch her right in her chest \"Uff..hehe\" she was sent flying towards a oncoming traffic (This is just great) Kate landed in the street to see a 18 wheeler truck come her way 'Beep Beeeep' \"Uh oh\" the truck tried to stop but it crashed right into her. Mardor saw the truck hit her and laughed \"Finally I can advance onward to finding Trayvon\" Mardor turned to fly away. Trayvon looked at Toby who seen what just happened and says \"Focus kid we don't got much long till he finds this place\" Tray nodded and says \"Just tell me what to do\" \"Alright...This part is easy all you have to do is channel all of that energy through out your entire body, then harness it if you can do that you will finally master my training plus allowing you to transform into the higher enchantment\" Trayvon nodded and \"Time out\" \"What's wrong kid?\" \"How am I going to channel it?\" \"Well it's already channeled remember\" \"huh?\" \"when I had you to create the shield of light. It was already lined up with your feet and legs and when you created the bow and arrow of light that allowed the power to travel through your hands and if you do this right you'll be stronger than you ever were\" Trayvon nodded in agreement \"How do I do this?\" \"Just concentrate long and hard on the steps I've taught you, use them to guide you in your concentration and if your fast it'll happen on its own but beware you might not be able to control yourself anymore\" Trayvon looked serious \"What do you mean by not being able to control myself?\" \"The power is so great it might control you and do whatever it wants to do\" \"Wait time out how come you didn't tell me this before?\" \"Don't worry im pretty sure you won't let that happen...Now go train\". Trayvon went to go sit back down in the sunny grass \"It's so nice out today...How come I've got to train?\" He closed his eyes and entered the deep mental state. Everything was dark. \"Hello?!\" he looked around he saw nothing but darkness \"Alright lets do this\" the bow and arrow of light appeared across his back while the shield appeared on his left arm \"So far so good\" the bow, the arrow and the shield of light shinned their usual color \"Now what?\" Trayvon used the same power he used to generate the weapons flow through him. he started laughing at first because it tickled \"Hahaha wait why am I laughing?\" then he started getting angry for no reason \"Why can't I do this?!\" and finally he started crying \"I want to go home, I want my mommy!\" he fell through the darkness shining like a butterfly. Trayvon fell so fast he couldn't keep up and finally he fell through a pond of water (Water? How did water get here?) he started swimming up for air (How come it feels like im not getting anywhere?) he choked up some air bubbles (I need to hurry!) he started swimming faster and faster but still he wasn't getting anywhere. and soon he his arms felt heavy he wanted to stop swimming and just wanted to rest his eyes for a bit (Don't give up) he immediately started swimming again. (Who was that?) he reached his arm up to fell air (Land!) he saw a light blue arm reach out and pull him up. he coughed for a few minutes. He starred at the higher enchantment form of himself \"I see you're here to get my assistants\" \"Well yeah but we have to hurry\" \"Why what's the rush?\" \"Kate was ran over by a truck and Mardor is on his way as we speak\" \"Take my hand\" Trayvon grabbed the higher enchantment hand \"Now what?\" \"You're already transformed\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Wake up\" Trayvon opened his eyes to see he was half way transformed \" I did it!\" Toby bonged him on the head \"Well you kind of got it\" Trayvon stood there in his regular form and his higher enchantment form \"You still got one more hour left. All you got to do is try to get the rest of your form\" \" How do I do that?\" \"by making a deal with yourself\" Trayvon stared at him and says \"Make a deal with myself?\".[Chapter 8] OK IM BACK WITH ANOTHER ACTION PACKED CHAPTER THESIPIAN TRAYVON: OK HERE WE GO AGAIN jack and lilly is still wiped out from the fight and kate is still missing ELISABETH: THE DISCLAIMER WILL BE SAID BY TWISTER TWISTER: THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE AND NEVERMIND THE CATEGORY TANKA:THE STORY STARTS NOW... CHAPTER 8: KATE VS MARDOR PART 2! Mardor looked at the traffic jam from were Kate was just ran over by the 18 wheeler \"Hmph what ashame, death by a truck oh well she was over confident and died a noble death and since there's no one else to stop me i'll go find Trayvon\" Mardor started flying away from the street when a spear went straight through Mardor's back. \"Agh!\" yelled Mardor turning around to see Kate trying to fix her necklace which was broken in half. \"Now look at what you did. My boyfriend bought me this and you broke it!\" Mardor tried to remove the spear but couldn't get it to budge \"How are you still alive?! I watched you get ran over by that truck!\" Kate put her chain in her pocket \"I'll tell oh okay? fine then listen closely because im not going to repeat myself got it? good\" Flash Back! The truck was just about to hit her when \"Sorry not today\" she knew she didn't have a lot of time to turn invisible so she used her speed \"Bye-bye \" she ran straight through all the cars that was coming onto the lane. She saw Mardor flying away \"Aw come on, im not even done yet\" she made a golden spear appear in her hand \"Aim! set! fire!\" with blinding speed the spear hit Mardor with a lot of force. Kate pulled out her necklace to see it was broken and says \"Shit Jack's going to be pissed at me\" Flash Back Ended \"Why you! I should have made sure you were dead!\" Eilly pointed her finger at Mardor \"Come here\" Mardor winced and says \"Who me?\" Eilly rolled her eyes and says \"No I mean my spear\" the spear flew out of Mardor's stomach and straight to Eilly's hand then says \"Ooo I wished Tray would have been here. He would be laughing at how pathetic you are\" Mardor powered up saying \"That's it I'm going to kill you!\" Eilly rolled her eyes and says \"Really? that's hard to tell because your the one who's bleeding to death.\" The wound in Mardor's stomach healed \"That's a new trick, ok im done with the exercise now it's time for me to start playing around\" Mardor watched as Eilly's fist transformed into a golden and white fist with a letter written on it. \"Who's the neonate now Mardor?\" Mardor gritted his teeth \"You are!\" \"That's very funny considering this neonate is kicking your ass\" \"Shut up!\" Mardor threw a purple ball at Eilly, Eilly pretended to be helpless \"Oh no what should I do?\" she used her golden hand to deflect the purple blast. Mardor trembled a little \"H-How are you deflecting my blasts!\" \"It's really simple, it's like I said from the beginning of the fight, your to weak to even fight me. Trust me if you think your having a bad time just wait till Tray shows up, he'll kill you in a ditch\" Mardor got an idea \"How about we wait for Trayvon to show up then?\" Eilly looked at Mardor \"Ok fine we'll wait but if you try to attack my boyfriend and my sister I'll kill you. if you even try to move I'll kill you, if you try to do a sneak attack I'll kill you, and if you get anywhere close to me or if you move and if I feel its a threat i'll kill you\" Mardor put his guard down and says \"Fine\" he landed on the ground. Eilly says \"Smart choice\" Eilly landed on the ground while watching Mardor. Eilly pulled her chain back out \"Damn it, he's really going to be mad\". Trayvon was slowly getting the rest of his higher enchantment. Eilly looked to her right just as she saw Elizabeth ,Twister , Tanka, Brian, Stacey and Rachael walking up to her \"Hey isn't that Eilly, Lisa?\" said Tanka \"Yeah that's her\" said Elizabeth, Mardor saw Elizabeth and decided to be sneaky \"Gravity pull!\" Elizabeth flew towards Mardor really fast. Eilly didn't have time to react. Trayvon was almost done when he sensed Elizabeth in danger \"Lisa!\" Eilly watched as Mardor surrounded his hand in purple stuff saying \"This is where she dies!\" Elizabeth was getting closer to him, she screamed once she saw Mardor's sword appear in his hand \"Arrrgh!\" yelled Mardor pulling the sword back \"Die!\" he brought it forth. Time seemed to have slowed down Eilly watched as Higher Enchantment Trayvon grabbed Elizabeth off course when the sword came towards Trayvon it broke before even touching him. Time resumes. Mardor ,Twister, Tanka, Stacey, Rachael and Brian looked around for Elizabeth \"Where did she go?!\" Mardor watched as Eilly shrugged \"She's gone?\" said Brian \"Where did she go?\" said Twister \"Elizabeth?\" said Stacey, Eilly pointed straight into the air as Trayvon landed on the ground next to her while placing Elizabeth down carefully. Eilly knew he wasn't exactly done but he was close to finishing. Mardor smiled as he saw Trayvon \"Well well it looks like you've done it\" Elizabeth and everyone else gawked in awe as they saw him.[Chapter 9] Tnl 2 ch9 OK IM BACK WITH AN EXCITING NEW CHAPTER OF TRAY'S NEW LIFE 2: THE KILLING HOUR CONTINUES THESIPIAN HIGHER ENCHANTMENT TRAYVON: IM GOING TO DESTROY YOU MARDOR MARDOR: SAVE IT FOR THE RING EILLY: THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING AND FORGET THE CATEGORY ELIZABETH: THE STORY STARTS NOW… CHAPTER 9: Higher Enchantment Trayvon Vs Mardor. Enchantment Trayvon looked at Mardor with disgust \"well I see your powered up and ready for a fight\" said Mardor, Higher Enchantment Trayvon just looked at Elizabeth and says \"Why are you here?\" \"I just wanted to see what made you so edgy\" said Elizabeth rubbing Tray's face \"If I would have gotten here a second later you would have been dead Elizabeth.\" Neither of them spoke for a minute. Mardor decided he waited long enough \"Trayvon or should I say Higher Enchantment Trayvon, don't you think you had me waiting long enough?\" Higher Enchantment Trayvon just sent death glares at Mardor and saysv\"Higher Enchantment Trayvon…That's got a nice ring to it, Mardor why would you sink so low to attack my girlfriend?\" Mardor laughed \"It doesn't matter who I have to kill just to get to you, they're going to die anyway\" Elizabeth looked at Trayvon, half transformed and half in his regular form thinking (Is it my fault that he didn't reach his full potential?) Trayvon kissed her forehead and says \"It's not your fault, I chose to come here\" Mardor tried to sneak attack Trayvon saying \"Your toast\" Higher Enchantment Trayvon just blocked the attack with the shield of light. (He's able to use the shield in that form?) thought Mardor. Higher Enchantment Trayvon stood up and faced Mardor \"Your probably wondering how I'm able to use my shield of light am I right?\" Mardor gritted his teeth and says \"yeah please do share\" Trayvon stretched his muscles saying \"Believe it or not that's the only energy I had to generate it\" \"In other words you can't use your other weapons?\" \"Exactly\" \"Why are you telling me this?\" Higher Enchantment Trayvon chuckled \"Well because I want to enjoy this fight to the very end\" \"Sorry to burst your bubbles but I'm kind of weakend\" \"Aw come on I know you've got more power than that, just go full power\" \"Well your truly ready to die aren't you?\" \"Yeah\" Mardor started powering up, rocks started flying off the ground \"Haaa!\" more of the purple power surrounded him \"Haa!\" Mardor's body was transformed into a half dragon and half human \"this is me at full power and my new name is Dargor\" Higher Enchantment Trayvon froze for a second then smiled \"I can tell this fight won't be an easy win\". Dargor rushed Higher Enchantment Trayvon \"Elizabeth move\" Eilly used her speed to get Elizabeth away from the fight. Higher Enchantment Trayvon tried to rush Dargor at the same time Eilly grabbed Elizabeth but Dargor knocked him back with a lot of force. Higher Enchantment Trayvon was sent through three buildings. He stood up only for Dargor to crush him with a truck \"Aw fuck\" Dargor let the truck go as Higher Enchantment Trayvon came from under the truck \"Ouch…that hurt\" Dargor grabbed Higher Enchantment Trayvon's head while punching him in his gut \"Agh! Agh!\" Dargor punched harder with each blow \"Ack! Ugh! Agh!\" Dargor delivered another devastating blow that knocked Higher Enchantment Trayvon into a tree. Higher Enchantment Trayvon opened his eyes in pain \"H-How can he be this strong?!\" (What are you doing get up and fight back \"my power's depleting\" I'll lend you my strength \"alright its worth a shot\") Higher Enchantment Trayvon got covered in dark energy. Dargor stopped in his tracks \"What's this power I'm sensing?\" a dark one tail formed behind him and soon he was covered in a dark cloak that looked like it was protecting him. \"Haaaaa!\" (That's it your doing great kid just let me give you more power!) Eilly's face went sour when she sensed the 10 tailed beast energy \"Why is the ten tailed trying to escape now?\" Jack slowly looked towards Tray's position \"Ngh..so this is what's inside of him…the ten tailed beast\" Lilly also sensed the energy \"W-Who is that going against Mardor?…it's Tray but what's happening to him?\". Elizabeth, Twister, Stacey, Rachael, Tanka and Brian starred at Trayvon as his body took a hallow form of a dark spirit \"Is he evil?\" asked Tanka \"why's he changing?\" \"he shouldn't be able to do that right?\" said Stacey \"Lisa just what is your boyfriend? Is he even human?\" asked Twister \"No he's not evil, and I don't know why he's changing, of course he can't do that, he's a boy and im sure he's human\" she remembered what Eilly told her about their secret (That's right all four of them are different from regular humans). Dargor was standing a few feet away from him and says \"Well now, I see you've got a dark side as well but how sad your going to die with that power\" Dargor created a tiny meteor ball \"It was nice knowing you\" the meteor ball was lauched at Trayvon (You have power now end this!) Tray let out a roar that deflected the tiny meteor back at Dargor \"Damn it\" it was a direct hit. One tailed-Trayvon waited for Dargor to get up. \"Augh! That really hurt and now I think I'll exterminate you!\" one tailed-Trayvon knocked Dargor into the same building he was sent into. \"Yiu little rat-\" Dargor was hit by a Final Beam Ha. \"Aaaggh!\" Eilly had the perimeter to seal the ten tails \"Alright now all I have to do is wait till they come a little closer- what's Elizabrth doing?\" Eliazbeth was running towards one tailed-Trayvon at full speed shouting his name over and over \"Trayvon stop this destruction! You would never harm anyone unless you were evil and you know you're not evil!\" one tailed-Trayvon came to a stop and looks at Elizabeth \"I also know how much you hate tuna fish sandwiches\" he approached her \"Plase stop this...\" one tailed-Trayvon just growled. He raised his hand. Eilly smacked her forehead \"He can't be serious\" one tailed-Trayvon smacked her causing her to start rolling three feet away from the fight. Eilly activated the sealing barrier \"Nite nite pal\". One tailed-Trayvon came to a stop as the red energy around him started overflowing inside of him \"Agh! Aaarrrggh!\" the ten tailed beast power reverted back inside of him (Just when I thought I was going to be free) Trayvon was knocked out of his Higher Enchantment form to his regular form. Dargor also reverted back to Mardor panting and says \"That barrier messed with my power and transformed me back\" Trayvon and Mardor fell out unconsciously.[Chapter 10] OK IM BACK WITH ANOTHER THRILLING CHAPTER THESIPIAN KATE: THE DISCLAIMER WILL BE SAID BY TRAYVON Trayvon is still unconscious JACK: THE AUTHOR OWNS EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE AND NEVERMIND THE CATEGORY. LILLY IN A HUSHED TONE: THE STORY STARTS NOW… CHAPTER 10: MARDOR'S FINAL STAND! Eilly ran over to Trayvon's side \"Tray?\" \"…\" \"Tray are you alright? say something\" \"…\" She put her ear on his chest to hear for a pulse. It was faint but she heard it \"Tray if you can hear me wake up\" She remembered Jack and Lilly was still injured \"I'll go heal them first\" Jack tapped Eilly's shoulder \"Don't need to worry about us, our powers regenerated just enough to heal us even though our health is still kind of low\" Eilly noticed they were holding each other up \"Here drink this s. potion it should recover all of your power\" Lilly took the potion s. From Eilly and drunk it. \"Mmm that was refreshing, here Jack drink the rest\" Jack looked at the bottle \"Eilly do you have another one?\" \"Yeah why?\" \"Can I have one?\" \"Sure\" Eilly passed it to him and watched as he drunk the whole bottle \"Ah…that's delicious\" Lilly looked around for Trayvon \"Where's Trayvon?\" Eilly led the way to Trayvon's position \"He's unconscious\" he groaned \"He's waking up\" Trayvon opened his eyes to see Lilly, Jack and Eilly staring at him \"The fights not over guys...\" said Tray in a weakend state. They all sensed a ki blast being sent at them \"Look out!\" shouted Trayvon quickly deflecting the blast. \"What a troublesome kid! Can you just die!\" Trayvon opened his right eye half way then smiles \"I'm not the kind who gives up\" Mardor charged him and sent another blow sending him a few more feet away. Eilly used mind chat to talk to Trayvon \"Just say the word Tray and I'll kill him and end this\" 'No-way im having a blast just have faith in me' \"Aright\". Trayvon laid in the ground while talking with his higher enchantment form. (What are you saying? \"I'm saying the deals made and now your ready\" Thanks a lot\") Trayvon waited and waited then finally just when Mardor was about to give off a finishing blow Trayvon transformed into his full power higher enchantment form. His power had risen to new heights as well. Mardor stopped himself in mid air and frowned \"Damn it how can he transformed I was sure he didn't have anything left?!\" Higher Enchantment Trayvon summoned the bow and arrow of light \"This should kill him instantly\" Higher Enchantment Trayvon didn't want to kill Mardor but he was just too dangerous to be left alive. \"Listen up Mardor this bow and arrow will be your downfall, but I won't kill you on one condition\" \"And what's that?\" Trayvon got serious \"Change your evil ways and live in peace with the world\" Mardor gritted his teeth while snarling at Higher Enchantment Trayvon and says \"I would rather die than be brought to my knees by a kid!\" Higher Enchantment Trayvon shrugged \"It's your loss\" he aimed the bow for Mardor's heart \"This will be one bruise you won't be able to regenerate from Mardpr\" he let it go. Mardor's screams pierced everyone's ears. \"Aaaagghh!\" his body fell to the ground \"You should have chosen my way Mardor..It's a shame I didn't want to kill you\" Mardor's body turned into purple smoke and turned into ashes. Eilly smiled as Trayvon powered down and collapsed onto the ground \"Did he win?\" asked Jack, Eilly looked at Jack and nodded \"Of course he won. I never doubted him for a second\" Lilly walked up to Trayvon and gave him the rest of the potion s. Trayvon got off the ground and laughed \"We did it\" Jack put his hand on his shoulder \"No not this time, this time you did it\" \"I didn't do it alone it's thanks to Eilly, Lilly and You that I finished the training at all and got this power\" Trayvon remembered Elizabeth and her family was still there. \"Trayvon\" he turned to see her glaring at him \"Elizabeth hey\" \"What just happened?\" \"I told you being my girlfriend has its perks didn't I?\" \"No you didn't and I don't know if I want to be your girlfriend anymore\" \"What why?\" \"Look I like you Trayvon it's just that…I don't want to die by dating you\" \"As long as im here your safe right?\" \"You can't protect me forever and that's not it..im sorry Trayvon but it's over\" Elizabeth and co left. Eilly stood there staring at Trayvon to see if he was ok \"Are you ok?\" \"I'm fine\" Lilly wanted to make in fun of him for getting dumped but she didn't. Trayvon felt broken inside he didn't know what to do, he felt his emotions move in a cycle and the only thing he felt was sadness. (What's wrong champ? \"Elizabeth l-left m-me \"Yeah I know, if it makes you feel better I can lend you my power again \"No you t-tried to use me\" yeah yeah I did\") He cried, Eilly, Jack and Lilly just watched as he had his first heart break. Eilly wanted to comfort him but she wasn't his Mom, Jack tried to shush him Aye look men I can't fix what just happened but I can suggest someone to you\" Trayvon uncovered his teary eyes \"Who?\" Jack pointed to Lilly \"N-No I-I don't want her I want Elizabeth back\" Lilly pulled him in for a hug \"Trayvon let it all out. I know it hurts just breath it's going to be okay\" Trayvon hugged her back, then it occurred to him this was the first time he was this close to her and it calmed him down. \"Do you feel better now?\" Tray wiped his eyes while letting her go saying \"Yeah\" they never noticed the sky had gotten darker '8:39pm' Eilly tapped Lilly \"Im sorry but it's getting pretty late. Can we go?\" Lilly nodded \"Yeah sure\" Eilly transported the 4 of them to their house (the same one from tray new life a fresh start) Eilly took Jack to her room while Lilly and Trayvon went to their rooms. '9:49pm' Trayvon couldn't sleep because he was thinking about Elizabeth (Tray you have to let her go) \"But I liked her\" (You two only dated for a week and you saved her life once and she never thanked you) \"It doesn't matter how strong I become or how many times I save someone's life. The only thing that matter is\" he paused in mid sentence (Is what?) \"Who am I gonna share it with?\" (what about your best friend Eilly and Jack and that girl you always talk to) \"You mean Lilly, don't get me wrong um er\" (What's wrong?) \"I'm sorry but what's your name again?\" (Jyuubi but call me Jyuub or Jyubi. its quicker ways of saying my name) \"Jyuubi, Lilly's not exactly-\" his door opened half way \"Who's there?\" Lilly stepped inside his room tiredly \"Trayvon why are you up?\" \"Oh I couldn't sleep\" \"I heard you talking and I thought maybe you was talking with Eilly or Jack with mind chat but when you said Jyuubi and I got worried\" (Tell her she was having a bad dream) \"You were having a bad dream\" \"Are you sure? because I heard you call my name\" (Say you couldn't stop thinking about her) \"I couldn't stop thinking about you\" Lilly raised her eye brow \"What do you mean you couldn't stop thinking about me?\" (Tell her no matter what happens you're still going to like her as friends) \"No matter what happens your gonna always be my friend\" Lilly walked towards him \"Why are you saying all of this?\" (Thank her for comforting you while you cried \"That's ridiculous\" just say it) \"I wanna thank you for comforting me when I needed comfort\" \"Well your my friend and I'll always be there for you right?\" (And now to wrap this up tell her you would do anything for her) \"I'll do anything for you, you know if you wanted me to\" Lilly looks at Trayvon puzzlingly \"I would never ask you to do something for me\" She sat on his bed Except one thing\" \"And what's that?\" \"I can help you get back to sleep\" \"Your saying you'll spend the night with me?\" \"Maybe\" \"I'll take that\" Lilly told him to move over to the window so she could lay down. Lilly crawled under the blankets next to him \"Trayvon?\" He stopped her \"Wait hold on how come you never call me Tray instead of Trayvon?\" Lilly licked her lips \"Well because I prefer to call you by your full name\" Trayvon's eyes darted to the left and to the right \"Trayvon go to sleep\" \"Yeah but I just got one more question\" \"Ask away?\" said Tray, Lilly scooted closer to him and wrapped her arms around him \"What do you see me as?\" Lilly giggles \"Well I see you as my friend\" \"Just a friend?\" \"My best-friend\" \"I can live with that\" \"I'm sensing you wanted to be more than friends am I right?\" \"Yeah but I like being just friends im not ready for that couple stuff yet\" \"Your heart was just broken in a thousand pieces of glass\" Lilly closed her eyes and fell asleep (\"What should I do?\" wrap your arms around will make her feel secure \"Secure? Oh you mean safe\" yeah)Trayvon wrapped his arms around Lilly and fell asleep.[Chapter 11] ALRIGHT HERE WE GO WITH THE NEXT ACTION PACKED ADVENTURE FOR TNL 2 TKHC. THESIPIAN TRAYVON: OKAY THIS TIME I'LL DO IT RIGHT LILLY: WELL YEAH…SO WHAT NOW? KATE: WELL YOU HUYS SHOULD KNOW THE DISCLAIMER BY NOW SO WERE JUST GONNA START JACK: THE STORY BEGINS NOW! CHAPTER 11: THE GANG'S NEXT ADVENTURE! Lilly was the first to wake up between Trayvon and Herself. She decided to take her time to actually notice how peaceful He looked while sleeping, Lilly laid back down carefully so she wouldn't wake him. Trayvon hugged her like she was a pillow which made her giggle \"Teehe he\" She closed her eyes. Eilly crept in the room to see them cuddled together \"Eilly what are you doing?\" said Jack She quickly closed the room door and spun around saying \"Oh nothing\" Jack looked at the room and back at Eilly \"Were you spying on them?\" Eilly shook her head \"who me spy on them?\" Eilly shook her head saying \"I did no such thing\" Jack peered in the room to see Lilly look right at him \"Jack\" said Lilly, he quickly ducked his head out \"Come on we better split before Tray wakes up\" they ran to the kitchen to start cooking breakfast. Trayvon and Lilly came downstairs at the same time, Both of them didn't say a word to each other but they spoke to Eilly and Jack \"That smells delicious guys\" said and Lilly licking her chain lips, Tray nodded his head saying \"I have to agree with Lilly it does smell scrumptious\" Eilly finished making the eggs at the same time Jack finished the pancakes and sausages. Lilly went in the refrigerator to grab the orange juice when she did that Trayvon had four cups and plates ready for them. After getting the table and food ready for breakfast and they prayed before eating saying \"I am thankful for this meal\" Eilly never really cooked like this but she decided why not give it a shot. Lilly was the first one to take a bite out of the sausages and says \"Mmm…guys these sausages are the best\" Jack smiled sheepishly \"Well I try\"` Trayvon took a bite out of the pancakes \"Mmm what is this strawberry?\" Eilly was eating as well saying \"Yeah its my grandma's specialty\" \"Next time you see her tell her I give my thanks for giving birth to this recipe\" said Tray eating some more. Jack laughed \"Try the sausages they're pretty good to bro\" Trayvon nodded \"Sure\" he gobbled up the two sausages. Jack wondered what he thinked \"Well?\" \"They're deli-\" Trayvon felt sick to his stomach he thought maybe it's because his throat was dry so he drunk some orange juice. Lilly stopped eating \"Are you okay?\" Trayvon didn't respond he just smiled (Uh-oh I should have told you since im sealed inside of you so pork wouldn't agree with your stomach) \"That's good to know\" Lilly looks at Trayvon and says \"Um what's good to know?\" \"I got a bad feeling in my stomach\" he fought the urge to throw up (That's it keep resisting) \"The sausages were good Jack\" Jack starred at Eilly who only shrugged \"Yeah thanks Tray\" after breakfast and taking a shower, Trayvon felt really bad after eating those sausages \"Jyuubi can you do something to ease the pain?\" (Hey im a ten tailed beast not a doctor just deal with it you big baby) Eilly entered his room \"Hey guess what we did for you\" Trayvon sat up straight \"What get me a advil?\" Eilly shook her head \"If that was supposed to be a joke then you failed miserably…we filled out those reports about Mardor and sent them back to Tom and Spike\" \"Thanks I owe you one\" \"Think of it as reward for killing Mardor\". Jack and Lilly walked in the room \"Guys do you remember those recruits we put in for?\" Lilly got excited. they nodded \"Well we got them\" Eilly looks at Trayvon \"We got them\" said Tray \"that's great\" Jack pulled out the files \"There's 6 of them. 1. A warrior, 2. A sniper, , 3. Soldier , 4. Scientist and number 5. Armor specialist\" Jack started thinking and says \"Guys hear me out\" Eilly stood up and says \"We're all ears\" \"Thanks baby, ok look if we have a doctor on the team we can stay healthy and have more medicines to cure us or temporary restore our power\" Lilly agreed and says \"Yeah the doctor would be useful but what about the armor specialist?\" Eilly turned to Jack and says \"Sorry baby but that's all I got\" she turned to Trayvon \"Any idea's partner?\" Tray bit his lip before answering \"Yeah I got a few, The armor specialist can be used to make us armor for the next time we enter battle so that way it can take half the damage but it depends on how good the armor specialist is\" Lilly had one for the scientist \"Then the scientist could be used for more weapons and vehicle upgrades right?\" Eilly smirked \"Right\". Eilly knew the sniper was a tricky bet but still they needed an important role ,Eilly continued talking \"When we're out on missions the sniper can look ahead of us to take out guards and stuff which adds to our covering\" Trayvon gave it a thought and says \"Alright that's good but the other two is very easy…we'll make the warrior a commander of a group\" Eilly was curious why would they do that \"Why?\" \"Because the warrior is experienced so he knows a lot of plays and stuff\" \"Yeah I guess your right\" Jack turned to Eilly \"What about the soldier?\" \"Well honey, the soldier has to be a commander of a group as well so we could stand a chance just in case we need reinforcements\" everyone seemed to agree on what was going to happen. \"Oh to make it better Tom and Spike gave us the team to us since no one thought it could ever be done. Do you want to meet the recruits?\" Trayvon nodded \"Yeah\". The warrior entered first. Trayvon stood up \"What's your name?\" \"My name's Marcus and my last name is..\" \"Your last name is?\" \"I can't remember my last name\" \"No worries we'll look into that for you\" Marcus stepped to the side as the sniper came in he looked younger than the warrior maybe about 6yrs-old \"Name?\" \"Dontrell mazes\" \"Dontrell Mazes aren't you a little to young to be killing?\" \"No sir some robbers killed my parents when I was just 3 yrs-old I had to get put up for adoption and my adopted parents taught me self-defense\" \"Well we look forward to working with you\" \"Same here sir\" Eilly said she wanted to do the next one. The doctor entered the room she was a girl who wore a doctor's outfit \"Name please?\" \"Renee Arsenic\" \"And why do you want to oin our team?\" \"For justice\" \"Good enough..please go join the other two\". The soldier entered the room smiling she was another girl \"And your name is?\" \"Oh sorry my name's Abby Gale\" \"Why are you here?\" \"To stop crime\". Jack had the scientist \"Hey lady what's your name?\" \"My name is Skammy Parker and my reason I joined the team is because I want to share my inventions with someone who needs them\" \"Very good and the last one is all yours Lilly\" .The armor specialists entered it was another girl \"you are?\" \"I'm Lizzy Parker..Skammy Parker's little sister and I'm here because I'm following my big sister\" Trayvon looked at all of them \"There's going to be 6 groups inside this team. Each group has two leaders. Group 1 will consist of me and Eilly, Group 2 will be Dontrell, Group 3 is Marcus and Jack, Group 4 will be Lizzy and Skammy Parker, Group 5 will be Abby and Lilly and Group 6 consist of Renee. don't worry Dontrell and Renee we've got someone for you as well. This team will consist of 450 members that's 75 members to each group. These groups and their leaders will listen to me and Eilly because we are the Leaders of this team and here by the first ones, do I make myself clear?\" everyone except for Eilly spoke \"Yes sir!\" Skammy raised her hand \"Um just what is the name of this team?\" Lilly passed Trayvon the papers \"It's called\" he paused and looks at them. (Just say it Tray \"okay\") \"The Ultimate Team\" OK THIS WAS MY LAST CHAPTER FOR TRAY'S NEW LIFE 2 BUT FEEL FREE TO READ MY STORIES. AND KEEP AN EYE OUT IN APRIL FOR THE NEXT HOTTST THING \"THE ULTIMATE TEAM:WAR ZONES\".[Chapter 12]  ","Summary":" ACTORS TRAY:FINALLY AFTER WHAT SEEMED LIKE MONTHS IM BACK EILLY:YES..YOU ARE JACK:THE AUTHOR OWNS E"},{"Movie":"16 Wishes","Title":"Tray's New Life 3:The Other Half","Author":"william.russell.77995","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12220319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story will progress with two timelines, one talking about the past and the other of Tray's where abouts. Characters: Tray: Here I am with the 3rd installment to TNL series, I hope you guys stay with me and keep reading ^^. Eilly: Tray has a point, I want to thank all of you for reading this one as well Jack: Now this series will explain a few things such as past events and Tray's where abouts. Lilly: The author owns everything in this story. except the 16 wishes category. Chapter 1: Sharing The Pie. Year 2011, date August 8, time check '5:45pm'.Location: Chicago IL. Three Months before Mardor showed up, Tray was in the living room with Eilly. The two teens were writing a song together, \"I'm sure it'll work out the way you plan it Tray\" said Eilly sitting her notebook down. \"Yeah I'm sure it'll flow naturally once I figure out what and the hell am I going to write\" said Tray sitting the note book down as well and reached for the remote controller to the television. \"No, I'm sure it's a lot better if we just focus on something else other then our missions and training.\" \"Well what do you suggest we do then Eilly?\" asked Tray, Eilly looked at the walls which were painted white and the sun often beamed off of them so it can look like it had an eerie glow to it. Eilly looked back at him and says \"Well how about we just wait until Jack and Lilly shows up?\" Tray agreed with her and says \"Alright fine, things often seem more interesting when the four of us are together.\" Eilly pretended to be hurt \"You don't like spending time with me Tray?\" she looked down \"And I thought you were my best friend\" Tray started shaking his head really fast saying \"Oh that's not it, not one bit Eilly trust me.\" Eilly looked at him and says \"Alright, I trust you on this one.\" There was this 'clicking' sound, they turned around to see Jack and Lilly carrying two buckets of Kentucky fried chicken and a two liter root beer. Lilly and jack sat the food down on the table saying \"Did you guys decide who's paring up in the rooms?\" Tray looked at Lilly a bit annoyed then says \"It seems you and Eilly are pairing up in the first room and Lilly and Myself will take the second room\". The place they lived was a two bedroom house, it came with a living room and a dining room plus a medium sized kitchen and a backyard with a garage. \"How did you guys decide on that?\" asked Lilly looking at Tray with the same annoyed look, Eilly was placing plates and cups on the table while Tray put the chicken, biscuits, mashed potatoes and cold slaw on their plates and Lilly was pouring pop into each of the cups while Jack placed forks by the plates. Tray finished setting the plates and says \"Well basically she dropped the 'I don't mind sharing a room with my sister nor you guys but I prefer sharing one with my boyfriend you know, so we can get that feeling of sharing our space together'\" Lilly took a bit out of her biscuit \"What does that have to do with us?\" asked Lilly \"Well it may bring you two closer together little do you know\" said Jack sitting down in a chair next to Eilly, Lilly and Tray also took a seat while being deep in thought, Eilly broke their thoughts \"Hey guys, come on. We're not forcing you two, to be nice to each other or anything, we just figured you two can handle it, you know since Tray's 13 and Lilly's 14.\" said Eilly. Tray and Lilly also took a seat next to each other but they moved their chairs in the opposite direction of one another \"Well I know I can handle it\" said Lilly looking over at Tray \"What about you Trayvon?\" Tray sat his cup down before answering \"I'm game too, i'll pretend it's like training and I have to push past my limits\" said Tray picking up his fork and started eating \"Then it's a deal\" said Jack eating as well.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 2: LATE NIGHT CHAT A few hours after everyone had eaten, cleaned up and showered it was off to bed for the gang. Lilly and Tray had closed the room door, they were dividing the sides of the room up with each other \"You keep that side clean and I'll clean this one okay?\" asked Lilly going to lay on the bed \"Yeah, no problem\" said Tray laying down next to her. Lilly put some space between her and Tray \"There, I don't want your fucking scent rubbing off on me\" said Lilly getting under the blanket as well \"Don't worry, my scent is for men only-oh wait\" Lilly looked at him \"What is it?\" asked Lilly \"I almost forgot you are a men\" Tray laughed at his own joke, Lilly rolled her eyes and says \"Whatever, if I'm a men then your a women\" Tray stopped laughing \"Don't hate on me because it's true\" said Tray. Lilly watched his chain curiously and asks \"Trayvon, how come you never take that chain off?\" Tray twisted the metal chain around in his hand while looking at it \"It's special to me and for that reason I'm not taking it off\" said Tray fluffing his pillow. \"But who gave it to you?\" asked Lilly, Tray thought on it for a bit while using his telekinesis to turn out the light. \"Who gave it to me?\" said Tray, Lilly gave a short nod \"Um well that isn't important right now\" said Tray letting his chain fall to back infront of his chest. In the other room was Eilly and Jack these two were apparently about to get busy \"Jack...I'm not sure if we should do that yet\" said Eilly sitting up in the bed \"How much longer will I have to wait?\" asked Jack rubbing her shoulders, Eilly shivered a bit and says \"We're both young, im 13 and your 14, I just-well at least a few more years before we decide to do something this serious Jack\" Jack kissed her cheek and smiles then says \"Alright, no problem. I won't ask about it again until you bring it up okay?\" Eilly shook him off a bit \"O-Okay but let's just go to bed now\" she laid under the blankets while being deep in thought (If I'm won't be long before he sends someone to come and get me) Jack wrapped his arm around her, Eilly turned on her other side to face him \"Jack, can I ask you something?\" Jack smiled \"As long as I'm with you, you can ask me anything you want and when that time comes, you know your answer. I'll never hurt you or let anyone do anything to you. Your like my trophy\" Eilly laughed \"Okay then, Are we going to be together forever?\" Jack thought on the question \"Well forever is until we die and it's really to early to say\" Eilly let out a small sigh \"Oh I see, so we might end up breaking up in the future huh?\" Jack shook his head and says \"That's not what I meant. Let's just get say, I'll be with you all the time, no matter where I'm at I'll come running\" \"Even if your at a football game?\" \"I'll come running\" \"Even if your at a basketball game?\" \"I'll come running\" \"Even if were in school and I need your help but your friends won't let you come to me?\" \"No matter what, i'll come running\" Eilly was about to say another one when Jack cut her off with a kiss \"Let's just get some sleep. you can question me more then okay?\" Eilly nodded and snuggled up closer to him.[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3: ALL IN THE FAMILY It was 1:24 in the afternoon. Tray,Eilly,Jack and Lilly we're all on the play ground watching the sunset while eating ice cream \"Hey Guys\" said Eilly, they turned to face her \"I never did tell you anything during my time as an Angel did I?\" they shook their heads \"Well I have family and they're probably watching us right now eat Ice cream\". Jack just about finished his ice cream when these three white orbs landed five feet in front of them. These three orbs took its shape. the first one was a tall light skinned girl with medium hair and grey eyes, she wore an all white robe. the next orb was another girl but she was shorter then the first girl and she was dark skinned with long hair and brown eyes and the third orb was a guy who was just as tall as the first girl, he had a low hair cut and he was light skinned as well and had grey eyes and he too wore a white robe. They watched as these unknown strangers waited until they finished their Ice cream before speaking, The tall girl spoke first \"I see your alive and well Eilly, tell me how long has it been a millennium?\" Eilly laughed jokingly \"Well if that was the case then they wouldn't be here now would they Emma\". Emma fixed her hair and says again \"Maybe they would be and maybe they wouldn't it really depends on-\" \"Why are you here?\" said Eilly cutting her off. \"We have orders to bring you home, he says you've had your fun\" said Emma paying close attention to Eilly standing up. \"Emma I never had any quarrel with you, so read my lips I'm not going back\" said Eilly, the boy took a step forward and so did Jack. \"Eilly, I'm sure you know whats right here\" said the boy \"If we don't bring you home he'll have t.f.a after you\" Eilly shrugged \"Oh well let them come Sanity, im ready\" said Eilly care free. Sanity (the boy) listened to what the short girl had to say \"Easy there Sanity, We have to bring her back, not kill her\" said The girl known as Avianna. \"Fine...Until next time Eilly\" said Sanity vanishing into an orb. Avianna and Emma stood there a bit longer \"The next time we meet, I won't be nice\" said Emma \"You can count on that\". Eilly and the others waited until these mysterious people left. \"Well as I was saying I have family who are Angels and they're it. Dad's 4rth,5th and 9th born children. Angels are different from any race there is. We follow orders without hesitation and as a result, we get stronger thanks to Dad\". Jack shook his head in disbelief then says \"So your Dad has sent your Brother and Sisters down to come and get you?\" She fixed her collar. \"Yeah it seems like he has\" said Eilly \"Last I checked he casted me out\" Tray thought on it for a bit \"Last I checked you had your wings and halo removed but you never said anything about your Dad casting you out, what it looks like so far. you lost them when you came to earth without permission and within time he's restored your power and now-\" Eilly interrupted him saying \"He wants me back\" Everyone but Lilly talked in the conversation. Lilly cleared her throat a few times and says \"Okay hold on\" the others stopped talking \"Your telling me your going back there?\" Eilly was about to speak but Lilly stopped her once again \"Its very simple Sister, all you have to do is go back to heaven\" Eilly wanted to object but Lilly stopped her again. \"You won't be alone, all you have to do is take us with you\". Eilly thought on it for a moment then says \"Lilly, that's not a bad idea. Yeah alright I'll do it\" Lilly was happy for Eilly but at the same time she was sort of jealous. Eilly was an Angel and She was an Demon, would she even be allowed in heaven?. As the sun passed through the sky in the near distance were five unknown strangers standing there laughing, each and every last one of them wearing a dark cloak.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: New Rule..Watch Your Mouth! The day has been continuing on for hours and finally it had reached midnight. The Gang weren't in their rooms at this time, they were outside in the front yard meeting with Emma, Sanity and Avianna once more. Emma wasn't smiling, she seemed rather angry then pleased to hear Eilly's decision \"Your telling me this is the only way your going home?\" asked Emma \"I told you before this was the only way\" said Eilly requesting the golden stair case to heaven. Their was a mist forming on the ground, slowly a set of stairs appeared leaving the rest of it hidden within the mist. Eilly and co. started walking up the stairs after a few minutes has passed they started feeling lighter. they all looked around at the scenery before them. Eilly walked up to the gates and says \"opnna\" The gates didn't move at first \"opnna jag har aterkommit\" The others were confused in what language she was speaking but they were sure it wasn't any language they knew of. the gates opened up and they entered the grounds. They looked at the scenery before them, the grass was green and the trees stood high and tall, the sky shined very brightly that it made it look white and the clouds were formed in three patterns that covered the sky like a checkers board \"This way\" said Emma. They followed Emma past a few houses and past some sheep's and finally they cam upon a Barn \"So this is Heaven?\" asked Tray curiously. Eilly shook her head \"This is more like a waiting room, since you guys aren't Angels, Dad must have ordered her to bring us here. Mortals are not allowed to be in Heaven\" said Eilly walking inside the Barn and the others followed her. Inside the barn were white walls and a brown floor, Hay stood at each corner of the room. pigs, horses and Cows were in their pens. A men who was about 5'6' was at the far side of the room, he had grey hair and a grey beard with blue eyes, he wore a farmers clothing and had a caramel complexion. Tray,Jack and Lilly stood right next to Eilly. \"Sir\" said Emma, the men turned around to face them \"We have her\" The men didn't speak but he wasn't smiling either. He looked towards Lilly, Lilly was so scared that her hands turned sweaty and shaky so she grabbed onto Tray's hand. He stopped looking at Lilly and looked at Tray then Jack and finally on Eilly. \"You brought this brute into my lands?\" His voice was deep but not powerful \"I thought she has been locked away in jail?\" Eilly didn't speak, she cleared her throat and says \"Father this isn't your true form is it?\" The men shook his head \"No it is not, Im just using this form because you didn't want to come home and face me without your supportive friends not that I have a problem with them being here it's just Lilly who I'm surprised is back as well.\" Lilly hid behind Tray while saying \"Um Dad it's not-\" \"Silence! I told you not to kill anyone the last time you were on earth a few years back and you disobeyed me by killing 150 humans\" Lilly squeaked and pressed closer to Tray's back \"D-Dad it's not my fault that I turned out this way\" He was looking at Tray as if he was looking right through him \"Then who's is it? surely not mines, I should send you home with your mother\" Lilly was practically scared as fuck at this point. \"No Mother and Brother tried to let me rot in that-\" \"It is best however, I'm going to overlook that\" Eilly stayed silent until he asked for her to speak again \"My youngest daughter, what is it that you require in order for you to come back?\" Eilly cleared her throat and says \"Time I'm working on a secret plan that requires an inside job\" He listened carefully \"If I fail in my goal then don't send me any help at all, let me deal with it\" He agreed with her. \"There is a threat coming to invade your precious earth. Consider it a test ...That's all I have to say , now begone\". He trusted his fingers at them causing white lights to spring forward and hit all four of them. Their vision became blurry , after a few seconds it cleared up. The four friends looked at each other, they felt as if they've been sleeping the entire time. Lilly walked from behind Tray and sat down in a chair, Tray remained silent, Jack was the one to break the silence. \"That was him?\" Said Jack \"He was god?\". Eilly nodded \"It's one of his many forms\" Jack stopped her \" I do t care if he is god, that gives him no fucking right to talk to you two like the way he did. What is his problem?\" Eilly quickly smacked Jack who didn't say anything further about him \"Jack He can take your life for sassing him and I won't be responsible for it.\" Jack clenched his fists together and walked off saying \"Tray come on, there's something I want to talk to you about\" Tray followed Jack towards Jack's room saying \"Right\". Once separated from the girls there was a knock at the front door, Eilly walked to the door and opened it. There was a girl who stood at 5'2' her hair dangled freely over her shoulders, she wore a blue dress with dark blue leggings and heels, she was Carmel skin, her eyes were indigo, her hair color was a dark blue with a mix of black, her nose was small, her lips were medium. \"Yes may I help you?\" Said Eilly to this girl. \"Is this where I can find Tray and Kate?\" Eilly hesitated for a second then says \"I am she and he is here\" the girl voice was soft \"Well my name's Rivet and I've been following you two for years\". A cold chill was sent through Eilly spine.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Angel of Divine Love versus Angel of Healing Eilly eyed Rivet suspiciously and says \"For years? what do you mean years?\". \"Exactly what I meant, for five years at max.\" \"But why so long?.\" \"I have orders, I do not ask questions. I just carry them out.\" Eilly gritted her teeth before throwing a punch at Rivet, the punch would have connected if she didn't catch it and throw Eilly off balance and then send a pucn directly to her gut. \"ugh\" said Eilly grabbing her stomach, Rivet crossed her arms and says coolly \"Your not going to win\" Eilly jumped back a few feet and rushed her again throwing multiple punches at Rivet, Rivet closed her eyes and slowly started vanishing , Eilly stopped attacking and looked around \"Where is she?\" Tray, Jack and Lilly had walked outside to see Rivet had just appeared behind Eilly. \"Look out!\" shouts Tray, Eilly turned around to see a fist being thrown right at her face and she was kicked into a wall. Jack and Lilly rushed towards Eilly but before they got there Rivet pushed them back with the flick of her aura. Eilly stood up and attacked Rivet with a round house to the face, Rivet staggered back a bit but wasn't really fazed by it \"My your feistier then I thought\" said Rivet fixing her hair \"How about we put this battle to a draw?\". Eilly gritted her teeth and says \"Why would I draw a battle? No im going to destroy you\" Rivet pulled out a blade with a gold handle and a blue blade. Eilly looked at the blade and tenses even more then says \"T-That's Astral's blade, why do you have it?\" Rivet smiled and says \"I'm here to kill stray Angels and your one of them but don't worry after im done with you, I'll kill Trayvon as well to make sure things doesn't get out of hand\". Eilly let her guard down a bit and says \"Do it then, get it over with. I don't want him to die because of me. or anyone at that matter, especially Jack\". Rivet stared in awe and says \"If that's the case then I'll spare you\" Eilly relaxed even more saying \"That's a relief\" Rivet turned towards the others and smiled evilly \"However I will kill someone today\" her eyes were locked onto Jack. \"What? No!\" Rivet started running towards Jack who stood there frozen, Eilly rushed after her shouting \"Get back here!\" Rivet was knocked off her feet with something extremely heavy crashing into her, she dropped Astral's blade when she hit the pavement. Rivet looked to see it was Tray, he had scrambled to his feet and grabbed Astral's blade off the ground. \"Why you sneaky little bastard!\" said Rivet getting up and rushing him \"I'm going to tear you limb from limb!\" Rivet brought her arm forth with incredible speed knocking him into a tree, Tray got up again and threw the blade directly at her. Astral's blade was sticking out in Rivet's chest. Rivet was wheezing and coughing up blood before looking down \"T-This can not be! Me fallen?\" Rivet fell to the ground lifelessly, Tray pulled the blade out of her. Eilly rushed towards Rivets side \"Astral's blade is a weapon used to kill angelic beings. that blade should not be in human hands\" said Eilly reaching for the blade carefully \"Give it to me, I'll make sure no one else gets it\" Tray pulled away from her, Eilly intensified her stare on Tray. \"Trayvon, this blade can rule out your most darkest feelings and make you act on them but Angels can't be controlled by something this simple. Although you are neither\" Tray gestured towards Rivet's body saying \"Who's she?\" Eilly looked at her \"Rivet is an Angel bounty hunter, she tracks and finds stray angels and kill them. her plans weren't just to kill me but you three as well. She was part of this group that was in the third branch of heaven known as The Four Angels or simple T.F.A but it only consisted of 5 well since you killed Rivet there's four of them left. Now please hand over Astral's Blade\". Tray clenched it tighter and slowly he let the blade go. Eilly grabbed the blade and watched as Rivet's body laid there in the dirt \"My dear sister, another victim of this blade...\" Eilly faced them \"Let's go inside, we can bury her later\", the others looked at her as if she was crazy \"Won't they see her body laying in the dirt?\" asked Lilly \"Angels are hidden from mortal eyes but since you guys are with me, your able to see them and if you work at it, you might be able to sense an Angel's presence\" Jack started following her inside, \"Sense their presence huh? that would be fun\" said Lilly walking in after them \"Well...It can be dangerous too\" said Tray quickly going inside the house. Three figures walked onto the grass and looked down \"She is gone, let us report back\" said the first one who was tall \"Yeah it seems we have a bigger problem\" said a short one \"Bring her with us\" said another tall one. They picked up Rivets body and vanished once again. Eilly was in her room with her door locked, she reached into her dresser and found a box to hide Astral's blade in \"Seal!\" said Eilly in a whisper, the box went from brown to grey \"Father I have your blade, what else are you planning?\" said Eilly hearing a knock on her door \"Who is it?\" \"It's Lilly come on we're training\" \"Okay be right there\" Eilly quickly put it in her dresser and closed it back then walked to the door and smiled \"Hey\" \"hey what were you doing Eilly?\" \"Oh nothing let's just go\" Lilly eyed her for a second and agreed \"To the living room\".[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: The Pool Everyone were in the pool just swimming around while laughing, the pool was filled with other citizens who were in the 3-12 feet ends of the pool, Eilly wore a bikini and so did Lilly, Tray and Jack wore swim trunks. The life guards we're sitting down on their usual posts watching the kids and adults swim and play around. Eilly saw Jack and Tray going around dunking anyone they came across and shouts over the crowd \"Boys stop dunking everyone!\" Jack turned to face her and shouts back \"It's part of the game!\" Eilly shrugged her shoulders and pin point that Tray had just gotten dunked into the pool by Lilly and three other boys who kept dunking him repeatedly and wasn't letting up. Jack started swimming over towards them saying \"Hey, may I ask what's going on over here?\" one of the boys was dark skinned and medium height and buff. \"Hey I'm Justin, what's your name?\" Jack eyed Justin then says \"It's Jefferrey\" Justin laughed \"Alright then Jefferrey, that girl over there\" He gestured towards Lilly \"Wants us to dunk you two for 10 minutes, your friend seems to enjoy it, He keeps laughing\" He gestured towards Tray. \"Yeah Tray's an idiot, now if you can just stop the dunking it be most grateful\" Justin's eyes were blue but for a split second they turn white \"Oh stop the dunking? That's hard to do\" Jack saw a t.f.a logo on his arm \"Maybe you can make us\" Jack glanced at the others and realized they also had t.f.a on their arms. Jack swallowed hard and prepared to be dunked. Justin picked Jack up in the air, Jack quickly noticed the other logos were just tattoos and Justin's glowed a silver color whenever it hit the light, Justin brought his arm down into the water, Jack heard a smacking sound and felt water cover his entire body, Jack held his breathe while looking around under the water (What was that logo?) a few air bubbles escaped his mouth, Justin brought him into the air where he can catch his breath. Jack looked over towards Eilly who was laughing at him. He started to look past Eilly, a few feet behind her was a girl who was short and carmel as well, her hair was flat ironed and her bikini hugged her curves in every right way, the girl approached Eilly, he noticed her eyes we're brown and she too had a t.f.a logo on her arm. you can hear the smacking sound again, water invaded his nostril's this time thus making it harder for him to maintain his breathe. More air bubbles escaped his mouth (She has one too? just what's going on here?) Justin pulled Jack into the air, Jack gasped once again while taking deeper breathe and exhaling them. He turned to face Lilly, he saw another girl who was tall and she appeared to be a red bone. her hair was brown and her eyes were green, she also wore a bikini even though she appeared to be flat chested and she too had the t.f.a logo on her arm. Justin was just about to bring Jack back down into the water when someone shouted \"Timber!\" Justin and Jack turned around to see a light poll was falling directly for them, Justin quickly tossed Jack to the side and prepared to catch the light poll. The other two strangers known as Slyth and Mania has started evacuating the citizens out the pool as quickly as possible \"Let's go! if your still in the pool when that thing hits it, your dead!\" Eilly and Lilly watched as Tray climbed out of the pool and switched into his usual outfit before running past them saying \"We got to go, this is all just a distraction!\" Jack climbed out the pool and did the same. The gang ran out the pool section and around the back. \"What just happened?\" asked Lilly panicky \"It appears someone wants us out the picture\" says Eilly dressing herself without getting undressed. \"Yeah but who might that be?\" asked Tray getting into a thinking pose. Jack looked up and says \"What if it's Justin and his friends?\" Lilly jumped to their defense and says \"Justin, Ash and Nick? why would they do that, they're good people?\" Tray cleared his throat and says \"Wait a minute I noticed something while we were there\" Jack stopped him \"They all had t.f.a right?\" Tray nodded \"Yeah I saw that too\" said Jack. Tray looked at Lilly, Eilly and Jack then says \"We got to move\" Lilly sighed then says \"Who made you the leader in our little group?\" Tray blinked a few times, Jack agreed \"Yeah since when did we make this decision?\" Tray laughed nervously and says \"Oh let's just go\" they ran away from the pool as far as they can.[Chapter 7] Now finally I get to show you guys what's going on! Chapter 7: Back to our time year 2018, seven days before Tray disappeared earlier that day Voice Entry 158 was just being created. Tray grabbed his dark green chain and started walking away from the building \"Hey slow down!\" said Ruby running to go catch up to him \"You really walk fast, what's the rush?\". Tray looked at Ruby and says \"Oh this isn't fast and I'm just going for a walk\" Jyubi materialized right next to them \"I figured I need to get out and about every once and awhile you know\". They walked past houses and shops, the longer they walked and the further they got away form base most of the places started looking alike and some of them where separated by color. \"Is it just me or are we lost?\" asked Ruby tucking her hair behind her ear .\"Oh I dunno I just need inspiration for Voice Entry 1-5-8\". Ruby looked at the people as they walked past and says \"Voice Entry 158, wow that's a lot of entries.\" Tray crossed the street and walked up to a store that was in the alley, The door was black and it had purple neon lights on the sign saying 'Black Smith', Tray opened the door and went inside the shop and Ruby followed him. Once inside the entire store was dark purple they had various items on each side of the wall such as swords on the left side from rookie to veteran, shields on the right side of the wall based on the same skill level as the swords, armors with different skill settings and colors and much more. A man was in the center of the room, he too wore an armor and he says \"WELCOME! THIS IS THE BLACK SMITH'S OFFICE WHERE WE GRADUALLY FIX,BUY OR EVEN SELL YOUR WEAPONS! MY NAME IS JANE, HOW MIGHT I HELP YOU TODAY?!\" Tray gave Jane a smudged look and says \"Jane isn't that a girl's name?\" Jane nodded \"And your a guy?\" Jane shook it's head and started removing the helmet. her hair was blonde and her skin was pale, she had three freckles on each side of her cheek, her lips we're pink and shiny because of the peach lip gloss and her eyes were sky blue. \"You were saying my good man?\" Tray just stared in utterly shock \"Looks can be deceiving remember\". Tray bobbed his head and says \"I need for you to take a look at my sword it seems to be rusting\" Tray grabbed his sword from the holster on his back and handed it to her \"Very well all it needs is the latest metal-\" \"I'm sorry but can you just keep the metal it has?\" said Tray interrupting her \"Umm if you want it repaired I can try to do that but if I fail your sword might be destroyed, is there any other metal you brought with you?\" Tray pulled out a silver chain that had been broken off an necklace. \"Will this do?\" Jane grabbed the metal then smiles slightly \"This is perfect, I'll get on it right away then I'll send it through the Black alley's portal.\" Tray asked a question \"What's the Black alley's portal?\" Jane shifted her feet a bit and says \"The Black alley's portal is a direct send to your location, it'll save you the trip in coming to get it, I can do all of this for $13,480 spinals\" Ruby wasn't so sure about the idea \"That's a lot of money, are you sure about this?\" Tray pulled out his credit card and passed it to Jane without any hesitations. \"My sword is blade and I am it's wielder, if it's not fixed it'll break into a million pieces, just like how I'm feeling now\" twenty minutes passed before Jane came back with the card \"Thank you for your purchase, may I ask your name, so i'll know who this belongs to?\" Tray gave her a toothy grin and says \"it's Trayvon Nimakaze\" Jane was writing it down and says \"Alright it'll be ready in a few hours Mr. Nimakaze\". \"Okay, come on let's go\" Ruby and Tray left the black smith's shop and returned to base.[Chapter 8] this is actually chapter 73 from the story, you don't have to read it if you want, but I'll appreciate it if you do read it, thanks. Chapter 8: Party Night I was in my room sitting on my bed holding my Asus windows 10 laptop. It was also dark outside so not much light was getting through the window, I tied the curtain into a knot so the street light can come through, my chain and face was visible in the video and so was my chain which had turned to a dark green color, it's been like this for a week now, I cleared my throat and spoke into the computer. \"Voice Entry 1-5-9 It's been 1 week and 3 days since Tkilla had come and taken the others, Its been that long since Jack asked Eilly about a baby. Right after Jack told Eilly what he wanted, Eilly had ran upstairs and barged into my room looking extremely pink. I asked her what's wrong? and she said \"Jack wants a baby\" I congratulated her on making the decision then she says \"But I haven't made the decision yet. How do I know that there isn't more evil out there waiting for us to put our guard down?\" I thought on it and asked \"your going to delay your pregnancy until then aren't you?\" she nodded \"He'll understand if I say no right?\" \"Of course it's Jack\".\" I ended the Voice Entry and saved it then I noticed I had room for one more Entry so I grabbed my ipod and left the room. I had grown to 5'11' my hair turned into a mini afro, I wore a red top with white jeans and all white Jordans. I had a different phone as well, I had an Samsung Galaxy 6 since the other one didn't catch my attention. while walking downstairs I saw Eilly in a blue dress with grey leggings, the dress had a white flower on the back of it, her hair was flat ironed and curled, she wore high heels to boost her to look 6'2' when she was really 5'10 and a half'. Jack came out the room wearing an all black tuxedo and some white shoes with it. Marcus and the others left way before us, Ruby was wearing a black dress that stopped right over her knees, I recognized the dress as Hana cutout mini dress. Eilly,Jack and Ruby saw me come down the stairs and laughed a bit, Jack was the first to speak \"Tray, is you wearing that there?\" I nodded and said proudly \"Yup\" Jack looked at Eilly who used her speed while dragging me back to my room and opened the closet to pull out my red and white tuxedo \"Put this on and change your shoes\" Eilly made sure she closed the door before leaving out. Jyubi materialized across the room wearing a all black mini skirt \"Can I come like this?\" I nodded \"Sure now shoo\" Jyubi walked through the walls. I quickly undressed myself, I grabbed the white jeans and slipped them on quickly while putting on some classic white patent leather shoes, it was red inside so I figured ,why not?. I grabbed the red shirt that went under my tuxedo and put it on while putting on some axe body spray. I grabbed the white tie next and slipped it on then finally put on the tuxedo. I slipped my screw ins in my ears while keeping my chain out front, I grabbed my keys and phone and finally left my room while making sure my recorder was in my pocket, and it was. Once getting downstairs Jack says \"That's what I'm talking about\" we high fived each other smiling like idiots, Eilly and Ruby checked me out, Ruby bite her lip then smiled saying \"You look hot tonight Tray\" I grinned but avoided eye contact with her, That was hard to do when her golden amber eyes look right through me. \"Oh please I always look hot and you look good yourself\" Ruby blushed a bit \"Thanks, so do you have a date joining us there?\" I shook my head \"Nah, why do you?\" she shook her head \"Too bad for us huh?\" \"Yeah but we can go together if you want?\" I shook my head \"Eh not my style\" Ruby growled playfully and says \"Fine be by yourself\" we all went into the driver way where my yellow and black Camaro rode up. Jack opened the backdoors for Eilly and Ruby, Eilly whispered something to Jack and he hoped in the back with her while Ruby rode in the front seat, I got inside and closed the doors while rolling the windows down, i pulled out the drive way while playing Rich Homie Quan:Black youngsta on the radio. Jack knew we had to sing it since it was two singers Tray and Jack: If you got a man you can leave his ass at the crib Fuckin' with your baby momma I don't care how you feel That pussy like a beat I'm the motherfuckin' cure Speedin' down the motherfuckin' (?) with my nigga I beat it up, I beat it, beat it, beat it Michael Jackson, I beat I beat it, beat it. Eilly and Ruby were laughing and soon we came right at the club called None bar. Jack tapped me, I pulled around the back and parked my Camaro and stopped the car while taking the keys out the ignition and getting out the car with the others. The Club had purple,red and blue lights flashing on the inside. you can hear the music playing from the outside. Jack grabbed Eilly's hand and headed inside, Ruby and I walked side by side in silence. Once inside the walls were mayching the lights, there was a bar here and not just that 350 people were here. I didn't see the others but i did spot Goten dancing with Bra, 15feet from Goten and Bra were Trunks and Pan dancing. The music was so loud you would literally have to shout just to talk. We made our way next to Jack and Eilly \"This is what I'm talking about wooo!\" said Jack walking to the bar for a drink, I went to go follow him. Of course the girls followed us around. I grabbed four cups of cocktails and gave it to them. It seems things were going to be fine from now on. Before Tray stayed with the group he saw Jyubi mentioning for him to walk to the east side of the room with her \"Excuse me guys, im off to the bathroom\" said Tray walking off. Eilly, Jack and Ruby wasn't sure where he went. Tray walked past a lot of people but as soon as Goten and Bra spotted him, he decided to stop and talk. \"Yo Goten what's up?\" Goten flashes him a friendly smile \"Oh nothing much bro, just want to see what your up to at the moment, so what are you up to anyways?\" asked Goten making the eye contact even tenser. \"Oh I have something waiting for me in the back\" says Tray looking over at Bra who was drinking a cocktail \"Mind if we tag along then?\" asked Bra, Tray shook his head \"No thanks guys and if the others ask where I'm at, just say the last place you saw me was with them okay?\" said Tray walking off \"Alright you can count on us!\" said Goten walking back to the dance floor with Bra. Trayvon approached the back area and saw Jyubi hugging a mysterious girl \"Hey here's your weapon\" said the girl, Tray looked at the sword its handle became silver and the blade was gold. \"Thanks but who are you?\" asked Tray curiously. \"Oh you don't recognize me? It's me Jane I decided to come meet you here instead\" Tray made his sword vanish and says \"Alright thank you Jane\" and went to go join the party once more, Jane eyed Jyubi before leaving as well.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: A FIGHT IN THE SECOND ATMOSPHERE! Trayvon was powered up in his final form, he was all grey, his eyes were black with no pupils and when he talked you can see the whiteness within his mouth, Tray sprouted his grey angel wings once again to help aid him in the atmosphere. (Kid, are you sure bout this?) Tray laughed but his mouth didn't open and says \"Jyubi I never been more sure of anything in my life\" the sky was still dark and that wasn't a problem for Tray, thanks to his night vision. (Kid-I mean Tray, what are you going to do exactly once you get there?) \"Do what needs to be done.\" He flew faster and higher but he got this feeling that something was coming his way and fast! (Tray get down!) \"How will I do that if I'm in the air!\" said Tray in a panicky voice (I don't know just do it!) \"But-\" He was cut off by a missile smacking right into him, The sky light up like the fourth of July after thirty seconds the light died down and the smoke cleared up, there stood Tray surrounded in a green ball of energy completely unfazed by the blast. He looked down at his hands and says cheerfully \"Whoa Jyubi, did you do that?\" (I didn't, what is it some sort of shield?) \"I don't know but I'm glad it showed up when it did\" there was a chill in front being sent down his spine, Tray turned around to see himself saying \"I did that green shield your gloating about\" Tray laughed a bit and says \"Yeah I know I did, I'm so awesome, up high!\" The figure just stared at him with it's cold black eyes and says \"Your not understanding any of this, I am you but I am the first Neutral Demon, I am also a spirit who passes it's power through generations.\" Tray looked serious and nodded \"I don't care what you use my power for, as long as you enjoy it and also there's more enemy fleets up here, I'll take over now\" the figure disappeared. Tray looked at his hands and everything went black... In the sky stood Trayvon holding his sword gracefully \"Now...Let's pick them out one by one\" He looked towards his left \"There's four of them over there\" He slightly turned his head right \"And two over there\" He turned the sword upside down so that the blade was pointing up while he kept his arm down. \"Let us play!\" in a flash he zoomed across the sky, you can see the enemy fleet firing red dracu-beams at him \"Hahaha, not today\" swiftly he flew on his side and dodged the bullets \"There's three here!\" He pulled the sword up and brought it fourth while zooming past it, the creature fell to the earth while being cut in half. \"One down!\" He speeded up even more and killed the other two easily, He says with a evil yet light hearted laughter \"That's three!\" He used his wings to make a sharp right and zoomed across the sky \"Let me try a new trick!\" He landed on the air and started running forward, the enemy did spot him. \"Alright here's my all time favorite trick\" he pointed the sword at the first two, His vision turned blue, three of them were in a group and one was solo \"LIGHTNING SLASH!\" He threw the sword directly at the three causing them to be burned alive. The sword of course started falling but He zoomed across the sky and grabbed it, He was laughing cruelly and says \"This is great! I never expected one of my thirteen generations to have this much speed and techniques!\" The last creature started firing multiple beams at once \"Oh now you want to put up a fight? Don't worry i'll make this quick!\" He zoomed past all the bullets but the creature wasn't letting up, it started firing forty-five beams once and some even followed him \"Oh now this is where it gets better!\". He made a you turn and ran directly at the creature with the bullets on him, The creature fired again and again but before they could touch him, he jumped over it's head and landed swiftly on the other side. The beams hit the creature as many times until it fell out the sky. He laughed more before Jyubi materialized saying \"Alright you had your fun, now begone\" He laughed more and says \"Make me!\" and rushed towards her, Jyubi turned into a giant black ten tailed fox \"What the hell?!\" said He, Jyubi brought her paw down and hit him with it. Trayvon regained consciousness \"Jyubi? what happened?\" (Oh nothing, you just killed them all, anyways lets go) Tray nodded and flew upwards towards space.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: FIGHT IN SPACE Tray was soaring out of the Earth's gravity, once he did that a blue egg like shield surrounded him. He looked at it curiously and says \"Jyubi are you doing this?\" (I am not, how is it your breathing in space?) \"I dunno, it has something to do with this egg shield\" said Tray jokingly. (Of course it does) Tray looked far out into the distance, about 450miles away from the sun was a ship that had been sending out fleets to earth. \"Jyubi it seems we found their base\" (Obviously it is). Tray was flying towards it slowly when he saw three red beams being fired from behind (Incoming!) Tray started flying faster towards the ship but the bullets traveled and chased him until they hit their mark. There was a great explosion and once again the smoke cleared to show Trayvon being covered in the green shield that over lapped the blue egg one. Tray looked at himself before smiling and says \"Well it appears this green one is a defense after all\" (Pay attention to them and not yourself!) Tray looked up to see Two of the creatures from before flying at a high-slow pace. He drew his sword \"Jyubi I need a direct hit to take them both out with one shot, can you take care of it for me?\" (As usual I will, just run around for 60 seconds) Tray turned the other way and flew past the sun, The creatures weren't letting up. He zoomed past earth and they zoomed right along with him firing like crazy, Tray looked behind him just in time to dodge every last one \"Ha! to easy-\" He was cut off with a beam hitting him in his back. He let out a yell of pain and started falling below. (Trayvon, what are you doing? com eon get up!) Tray slowly held his hand out \"M-My back, it feels like it's on fire...\" His wings spread out more and stoppe dhim from falling and shot him back into the air (Just finish this already! here) Tray closed his eyes and waited \"So we're using that move huh?\" (Correction your using it) Tray re opened his eyes just as they were coming in for the kill he shouts \"Thunder clap!\" he clapped his hands and a wave of lightning took care of the enemy \"Let's go!\" said Tray flying at a high pace towards the ship.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: Another Battle Tray had just landed on the ship and it appears he had been right about them having a Oxygen barrier on it as well. The blue egg shield disappeared \"Alright we're here\" the walls of the ship were grey, and the floor was beige, there weren't many cameras in this section but He can tell when someone was nearby ready to attack. Tray had came upon a door and decided to check it out \"Jyubi, do you think there's anyone in here?\" Jyubi materialized in her usual all black attire and says coolly \"How about we just go inside and see for ourselves?\" Tray blinked a few times then says \"I guess that's one way of putting it\". Tray pushed the door open. there was a small light in the far corner of the room that gave off enough light for them to see. There were beds and sleeping chambers with no windows or back door \"It seems who-ever was in here, wasn't mandatory much\" said Tray closing the door. There was a rush of lightning being sent towards them, Jyubi tackled him to the floor while dematerializing saying (On your feet!) Tray quickly got up and blocked an oncoming attack from the unknown enemy. Tray got a good look at his face before jumping a few feet apart. It was a man, he wore a gold robe with green jeans and sandals, his hair was white and his eyes we're hidden behind a mask. The man stood up while holding a very long skeleton sword saying \"If you want to stop the invasion, you'll have to go through me. My name's Keith and you are?\" Tray gripped his sword and says \"It's Trayvon\" Keith made a disgusted face and says \"What are you?\" Tray examined himself and says \"I'm a person, what the hell are you!\" Keith shivered a bit and says \"Persons don't have grey skin and creepy eyes and a mouth that's glowing white whenever they talk.\" Tray rolled his eyes or seemed to. \"Let's just get this over with Keith\" Tray rushed towards Keith and brought his sword forth, Keith blocked with his own sword. The after shock these two created has made a crater in the floor, they broke apart and prepared for another clash. Tray took off at full speed and Keith did the same thing and brought the sword forth, He got a couple good hits in on Tray, He staggered back a few times before continuing the clash with Keith. \"Why are you trying to take over the earth?!\" said Tray \"It hasn't done anything wrong to you!\". Keith charged his sword up with green aura saying \"It doesn't matter! I just want to get rid of you 'Super Heroes' before you try to destroy it!\" Keith picked up his sword and shouts \"Iron reaver soul stealer!\" there was green beast that resembled a gorilla before knocking Tray into a wall, He slide down the wall and stood up (Hang on I'm getting a weird feeling you've just been injured) Tray looked at his left arm to see it was bleeding badly and it appeared he wouldn't be moving it no time soon. (I can heal it for you?) \"Jyubi, as much as I'd like that we used up too much power getting here and way to much power in fights, if you heal my arm I might be reverted to my original form\". The battle went on and on and the ship had holes in almost every wall, the ship closed off the holes in the walls except for one and Tray apparently had just knocked Keith through it causing his head to explode. Jyubi materialized next to Tray just as he reverted to his original form and says \"Come on big guy, we still have to stop the fleets\" She passed him his sword and they continued onward.[Chapter 12] CHAPTER 12: Final Mission Tray held onto his sword while going past all the room doors and started walking back towards the entrance saying \"Jyubi, where's the fleet being held at?\" \"Being held at? Oh you mean where are they at now. They shouldn't be too far, if I'm correct we can take out the last fleet before they hop on their ship and use it to get back home\". Tray laughed then says \"Those words have never made me more happier until now\" Jyubi joined in with him while tucking her hair behind her ear again \"I think it's because you have something waiting for you back there\" said Jyubi, Tray laughed nervously and says \"What are you talking about you sly fox\" Jyubi nudged him then says \"You know what I'm talking about, that Ruby girl isn't she your girl?\" Tray stumbled a bit \"Nope not even close\". They roamed around until they found it and to make matters worse, The last fleet was just taking off into space \"Tray go !\" Tray was already chasing after the fleet, just as he approached the edge of the ship he jumped. His hand drew closer to it but then it used warped speed causing Tray to start drifting away but lucky for him his sword came infront of him and knocked him back on the ship. Tray stood up and look over at Jyubi who was just getting up \"Your welcome Tray\" Tray offered his hand to help her up while saying \"What? Oh thanks\" Jyubi grabbed it and stood up saying \"Don't mention it\". They made a left and continued walking when Jyubi says \"No seriously, don't ever mention that to me again or I'll regret saving your ass\" She laughed, Tray shrugged and kept walking. Jyubi followed up behind him as He opened another door. Inside this room was a giant machine, it had multiple beds that were see though (like Lilly's coffin) and it seemed to freeze things and keep it stored until they pushed on the keyboard to re-open it. The pair walked towards the controls \"Jyubi what is this thing?\" said Tray. Jyubi ran her fingers along it and says \"Well, I can't say for sure\" she spotted a flappy disk slot \"Maybe you can slide your sword in it\" Tray looked at the bottom of his sword and pushed the handle up to reveal a flash drive. Jyubi found another slot for it as well and instructed him on putting it inside. The screen turned on Jyubi started roaming through a few files before stumbling upon some information. \"Tray check this out\" He walked towards her \" December 12, 2012. We have decided to invade the planet and remove these super humans who's protecting it, I fear they will go to war with one another and destroy earth in its process. so I will arrest them and hold them in my base on earth\". Tray looked at Jyubi who kept reading \"Another assault will be in the year 2028! until then there will be no more fleets going there to earth\". Tray cleared his throat and says \"How many are leaving out?\" Jyubi scanned the list and says \"There aren't any!\" Tray turned from the screen and towards the chamber \"Hey can you access that?\" Jyubi nodded and says \"Hang on I know your not trying to do that are you?\" Tray opened the chamber and stood inside it \"It's the only way to get home, Wake me up when it's time\" Jyubi looked sad and unsure. \"Hey, I need you to do this for me. It'll be ok\" said Tray, Jyubi wanted to scream and shout but instead she closed him in the chamber and set an awakening time for that day. \"I'll rest too\" She watched as Tray eyes closed slowly and she channeled her last thought to him (You don't know what this thing will actually do...but I trust your choices...see you later Trayvon Nimakaze..). In the darkness Tray found himself walking towards a grave yard, it was dark there and the ground was icy but he knew where he was going. \"Well it's good to see you again Trayvon\" Tray turned towards the voice and smiled \"I didn't think I'd see you again\" the girl wore all purple and black and so was her hair and eyes. The End ","Summary":" This story will progress with two timelines, one talking about the past and the other of Tray's whe"},{"Movie":"Struck by Lightning, 2012","Title":"How To Save A Life","Author":"Shiverpass","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8910182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I just got done watching Struck By Lightning and let me say. Chris Colfer was perfection in that movie. And it wasn't just because of him that I liked the movie, I actually sat down and enjoyed the plot and the things that happened in it. So I thought up a story idea. Hope you all enjoy it. Disclaimer: I own nothing but the characters that you don't recognize. \" In the end it's not about what you have. In the end it's all about where you wanna go, and the roads you take to help you get there. I hope you think that's fair. 'Cause you've only got one life to lead, so don't take for granted those little things. Those little things are all that we have.\" - A Day to Remember Chapter One Invisibility. In some parts of life, it can be a good thing. In other parts...a bad thing. But when it comes to high school, it can be either or...I guess. My name is Angeline Corter and it's my senior year in high school at Clover High School. I've never left town, and nether has my father (and probably the same with all of my past family members). This small town, Clover, is all that we've ever really known. Throughout my twelve years in school, I've been invisible. You might as well have called me the Invisible Girl from the Fantastic Four (minus all of the awesomeness), but the only problem was that I've never made a difference in anyone's life. It didn't come by choice. It was just the way things were for me. I never complained, there wasn't use for it, and over the years, it had become my own personal comfort...a shield, in a way. Nobody made fun of me like they did with that Carson guy and that Malerie girl. I was fortunate. But was the times when someone accidentally bumped into me without even saying sorry or sat on me only to laugh at me that made the whole idea of being invisible something dreadful to deal with. Aside from the invisibility, I was just one of your average teenage girls. I got average grades, I had an average attitude towards everyone around me, and I had an average lifestyle. I always had. And throughout the years, my father, who had been an A+ student himself, had accepted my \"failure to ace\" (so he would call it). I was only good in four of my seven classes. Drama, Creative Writing, English, and Art. Science was too difficult for me to ever comprehend and I had ended up barely making it by in my math class. History was my only average class. I did poor on tests, but the homework and in-class work had always been easy enough for me to complete and turn in on time. At least I was president of the Art Guild...until it got canceled near the end of my Sophomore year. Maybe I should have joined the actual Drama club. Or maybe I should have joined cheerleading...or maybe even the school's newspaper editorial, but the last thing I would ever dare to do was wave pompoms around while getting checked out by perverted, parasitic football jocks whose IQ was probably too little to consider being a legit number or write something that wasn't a story. Writing is my passion. It has been since I could even remember and I just know that it's what's going to be my future. It's Senior year, so naturally everybody's already making plans for what they're going to do after high school. Some want to get a degree in law, some want to get some sort of sports scholarship, some want to leave Clover and go from there, and others want to become business owners. But as far as I was concerned, I was the only one who didn't know where the hell she was going after high school. Maybe I want to be an editor in a big city, or a novelist in a small town like Clover. Maybe I even want to own a publishing company or at least work for one. Every day's thoughts towards my future was different. I wanted to be something different every day that had to deal with writing. Lunch was almost over as I sat under one of the courtyard's trees, my back to the old bark with a half-eaten Golden Delicious apple in one hand and in the other, a half-read classic – Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice . The weather was just starting to break from winter, so I had just zipped up my grey and sapphire blue sweat jacket. My mind kept falling back to the school assembly the other day, about that Carson Phillips guy talking about a literary magazine and everyone getting a chance for their short stories and such to be published. I couldn't stop thinking about it nor the stack of filled composition notebooks of different stories in my closet back at home. I knew nothing that I wrote would be worth it, so I tried to push his offer from my mind. It was bad enough having to deal with all of the hounding critiques during Creative Writing whenever we did 'Peer Review'. It was something that Mr. Randel had come up with as his basic lesson plan. He gives everyone a specific thing to write, everyone writes it in either short story, script, poem, or cartoons. I never dared to venture away from the short story category. Occasionally, I would do cartoons, but that was that. I was always making mistakes. And yes, I get that everybody makes mistakes and that it's alright, most of the time, but with me, I made more mistakes then what should be called 'normal'. The scheduled bell echoed from the halls of the school. I looked up from my book, and tossed the remains of my apple in the nearest trashcan after I got up and attempted to stuff my book away in my backpack. If I had been watching where I was going, or maybe looked up for a minute instead of having difficulty stuffing my book in my backpack properly, I wouldn't have bumped into someone. Panicking, hoping that they wouldn't be mean about it, my eyes widened as I looked over to see Carson. He looked slightly alarmed, but unmoved by my accident. He didn't really give me much of a look, but his eyes had glanced at me for a moment, probably to make sure I wasn't one of those annoying cheerleaders or jocks. \"I'm sorry,\" I quickly sputtered earnestly, my cheeks heating up deeply as I put my free hand to my cheek, an apologetic look spreading across my face. \"Whatever,\" was all he said as he kept walking. I was left standing there, slightly appalled that someone other than a teacher actually spoke to me today. I turned around and watched him walk to the school's lunch entrance where everyone was filing through. I grew up with Carson. I'm pretty sure he's never noticed me like everyone else and wouldn't even know my name, but I know him. We had the same grade school teachers. After grade school, we were always put in the same math together. He always made math class interesting. He was always outspoken...different. But even though he constantly seems so angry with the world and depressed, he's very good-looking and has always dressed well. He was like most teenage boys and wore good-fitting jeans, a tee shirt, occasionally his blue jacket, but it was just his style that had always grabbed my attention. Why didn't he have a girlfriend? Surely there was someone who thought of him romantically. Maybe he was lonely. Like me. This was one of those moments when I catch my thoughts and furrow my eyebrows in a new track of thoughts. Why did I care? He was just another human being, another senior teenage boy. Why can't I just wonder about any other guy or girl? I guess it was just Carson Phillips in general. There was something about him that just made me think about him more than I thought about anyone else. I huffed a sigh as I finally manage to stuff my book in my backpack properly. Thanks to my over-thinking, I was now late to Creative Writing. \"How was school today?\" my father asked over dinner that evening. Dinner was always quiet. We only exchanged the same old conversations. How my day went, how his day went, how much lunch money I needed for school the next day, how I did on a certain test, what drama went down at his work, and what drama went down in my school. He tried. And for that, I had to give him credit. My mother died giving birth to me. I guess you could say it was some sad sob story, but to be honest, it's not. To know that I never knew her may have been a sad thing to realize from time to time, but I never knew her. I didn't know what she was like or whatever, so it wasn't something I sadly pondered on. My dad and I were once close. Once. That was until I became a teenager and things between us grew quiet, calm, and awkward. I guess, in a way, I miss him saying goodnight or whatever, but we never said we loved each other. It was more how we knew we loved each other than us never finding it something usual to say to one another. \"Fine,\" I answered like I always do. He just nodded his head and poked at his chicken fried rice. \"How was work?\" I asked in exchange as I reached forward for a spring roll. It was take-out night for dinner. \"Good. We got a new manager, so things should be getting settled more,\" he replied in a rather cheerful manner. I just nodded my head, taking a bite from my spring roll \"Any plans for the weekend?\" he asked me. I froze, mid-chew as I looked over at him from across the table. He never asked me that before. \"Uhm,\" I said as I swallowed quickly. \"No?\" He shrugged as he looked up at me for a moment and then back down at his food. \"Just...it'd be nice for you to go out, y'know?\" he asked. Was that concern I heard in his voice? \"With some friends or whatever.\" My father was an average middle-aged man. He had balding dark blonde hair, grey-ish blue eyes, a simple mustache that was just...him, and he carried on a few extra pounds with him. He loved the color green and always made sure he was wearing one way or another. He screamed at the tv when football played and always enjoyed a beer every once in a while. \"Well, I don't really... have friends for that, dad. That's the thing,\" I murmured as I poked my chopstick at my bourbon chicken. \"Why not? You're smart and a good person. Why can't you come home past curfew on weekend nights or whatever like all the other kids your age?\" He sounded as if he was a little frustrated now, and that scared me. I just furrowed my eyebrows and kept my eyes trained on my food. \"That's not me,\" was all I could only think of replying. It was the end of discussion. As he opened his mouth to say something further, I got up with my plate and trash. \"I'm going to go do my homework,\" I told him as I took my plate to the kitchen and put my trash into the bin, walking down the hall to my room where I closed my door and leaned against it. I sighed as I looked over at my neatly-made bed that sported two stuffed sheep, three bears, three unfinished books, a notebook open to a half-written page with my Avengers pen resting on it, my sticker-cluttered laptop, and my untouched stack of homework. I knew what my dad was trying to tell me. I wasn't normal like other teenagers my age. And I knew that worried him. What if something was wrong with me?[Chapter 2] \" Well make sure to build your house brick by boring brick, or the wolf's gonna blow it down. Keep your feet on the ground, when you're head's in the clouds.\" - Paramore Chapter Two The clapping was the same as it always was – the forced monotone clapping of my peers as I huffed a small sigh, walking away from the lectern with my short story in hand, walking towards my assigned seat that was cluttered with my pen, planner, water bottle, and phone. \"Alright, Angeline. I must say, that was your best short story yet,\" Mr. Randel commented once I was seated. I froze and looked over at him, a confused expression on my face. Never had he ever said that to me before. He read my confused expression and huffed a soft chuckle to lighten the mood. Others around me were either texting away on their phones, reading, or whispering with others about their own personal drama. \"Now, I know what you're thinking,\" he told me as he walked over to my desk since no one else cared to give me their reviews of my short story. \"Your structure is definitely better. And I like how you showed the scene, not just told us about it,\" he said, emphasizing with his hands to the whole room even thought him and I were both perfectly aware of the fact that no one had been paying attention. \"Great work,\" he soon added with a satisfied smirk sent my way before he turned and returned to the lectern. Just then, the bell rang and everyone shuffled to leave. It was Friday, the end of the nine weeks grading period, and early release day. All the lunch periods were pushed to the last periods of the day, so that would be my Creative Writing class after the first lunch block. \"Alright people. Make sure your rough drafts for your writing projects are turned into me on Monday!\" he called to everyone. \"Every day it's late is ten points. Let's not lose that much.\" I couldn't wipe off the proud smile from my lips as I looked down at my story, getting to my feet and sliding the paper into my Avengers folder as I headed out the door. I lingered at my locker, making sure I had all I needed for my homework as well as what books from the small collection I kept in my locker I needed to take home. Outside was still pretty cluttered with everyone who were leaving for home when I eyed the table in the courtyard by the parking lot. It was the literary magazine thing that Carson was talking about in that assembly some weeks ago. How did he get full magazines so fast? I didn't think anyone would be interested in it. \"Come on, guys. Three dollars. Not gonna kill you,\" Carson called out to the passing students in a half-sarcastic, half-monotone voice. Slowly, I halted to a stop nearby, watching as a passing jock opened a small bag of chips and dumped it onto the table. Thinking it was just oh-so hilarious, his friends laughed with him. One of them crumpled up a piece of paper and threw it at Carson. I watched as the poorly-crumpled paper bounced off of his temple and fell to the earth. He didn't look the slightest moved. More bored if anything. Then, Carson leaned forward and brushed the chips off of the table. When people finally cleared and nobody came up to the table anymore to humiliate him further, I watched as Carson and that Malerie girl begin packing up the magazines. Now was my chance. I wanted one of those magazines. I walked up to the table and picked one up. The atmosphere was silent as I smiled at the cover. It was creative. I opened to the first page to find a poem. Yes, I wanted this. I reached into my back pocket and brought out my folded five ones. I looked up at Carson to see him staring at me in confusion. \"Three dollars, right?\" I asked as I motioned to the magazine with my money. \"Uhh...\" I heard Malerie murmur. \"Yeah,\" said Carson, his voice flooded with confusion. I pulled out three and handed it to him with an easy smile. I was surprised with how calm I was at that moment. I thought that maybe I would be nervous or something of the sort. But I wasn't. And that just made my smile a little more real than what it normally was. He took it, putting it in the empty money box. \"Thank you,\" I said as I looked back down at the magazine in my hands. I turned around and adjusted my backpack on my shoulder. \"Angel, right?\" I heard him ask. I froze. No one called me Angel. It was always Angeline. I turned my head and looked at Carson with an unguarded expression. He knew my name . \"Yeah. A-Angeline, actually,\" I replied softly. \"You...know my name?\" I asked as I turned my body fully to face him. He had just got to his feet while Malerie busied herself with packing the magazines away in the cardboard box they had nearby. \"Of course I do. You've been in every one of my math class since middle school. And you're in my Creative Writing class.\" How could I forget? He was in my Creative Writing class. I didn't understand how I couldn't really remember something like that, but all that mattered at the moment was that I wasn't invisible. Carson was talking to me. And acquaintances or not, it meant a lot to me. A good way to end a boring school day...in my opinion. I didn't know what to say, so I motioned to the magazine in my hand. \"Is there anything in here yours?\" I asked shyly. He blinked, still looking shocked. \"No,\" he replied slowly. I shrugged and looked down at the magazine. \"That's a shame. I was looking forward to reading something of yours,\" I told him earnestly as I looked back up at him. It wasn't a lie. I was honest. Carson's work had always been more... alive than what everyone else wrote. He had a good head on his shoulders. \"Really?\" he asked in denial. I nodded my head. \"Your work isn't too bad yourself,\" he soon said as he motioned his head towards me. My cheeks surely went scarlet at the compliment. \"Thank you,\" I murmured. \"Um...did you want to join the literary magazine?\" I quickly shook my head. \"Oh, no. Thanks, but no,\" I said with a smile. I then motioned to the parking lot where my old light blue Ford truck waited for me. \"I have to get going. But I'll see you tomorrow?\" I asked almost too casually. He slowly nodded his head. \"Yeah.\" He then blinked and looked at the magazine in my hand, motioning his hand to it. \"Enjoy.\" I smiled again and nodded my head. \"I'm sure I will,\" I told him as I readjusted my backpack and stuffed my leftover money in my back pocket. I waved at Carson and looked over at Malerie. If she had been looking at me, I would have waved and smiled at her too, but she looked like she was more interested in packing those magazines away. I got in my car and started my engine as I looked at Carson. He looked to be in deep conversation with Malerie, which was something I never saw him, or even her for that matter, do with anyone before. I backed out of the parking space and headed home. When I got home, I pushed what homework I had out of the way. My father was working a few extra hours late this evening, so I just heated up some leftover pizza and finished off my can of Pepsi I started drinking this morning. After that, I sat on the edge of my bathtub and began reading what was in the magazine as the tub filled up with hot water. I could have used the shower my dad had in his room, but I felt too exhausted for a shower. After my bath, I cuddled up in bed and finished the magazine until I fell asleep. My favorite was the short story that talked about how love was the most important thing in the world, regardless of the person. It was written by one of those jocks, which surprised me. It was so moving and got me thinking about love. There were so many times where I lost myself in a good book about love. It was a great way to fill up the empty space of not having someone to love me like how the guys love the girls in the books or the movies. But unlike other girls my age, I knew how to keep my expectations low of boys, how to keep my feet fully planted on the ground. I found Carson at his locker. He had a notebook opened in his hands, looking in it with furrowed eyebrows, looking so pensive and concentrated. For a second, I told myself it would probably be a better idea if I didn't approach him, but I decided to buy the pony of my first thought towards him, which was to say 'hi'. I staid close to the row of lockers, avoiding any close contact with the traffic moving at a steady pace. Once at Carson's locker, I waited a moment. When he didn't notice me, I had to clear my throat. It always seemed to work. Slowly, he looked over at me, his face confused. \"Uh...hi?\" The smile I was wearing faltered, but I tried my best to keep it on. \"Hi.\" There was a moment of silence and we just stared at each other. It wasn't awkward, but it was just...there. \"I just...wanted to know if there will be a second literary magazine,\" I told him. Again, that confused expression. I found it to be rather...cute? \"No,\" he said as he closed his notebook and put it away in his locker and closed the locker, now looking at me again. It felt natural as we began moving into the traffic, walking together. \"Why not?\" I asked. I watched him shrug. \"No one wants to write anything anymore.\" I frowned. \"Oh.\" This saddened me. \"Yeah...\" \"That's a shame,\" I murmured. We were walking to lunch. We had the same lunch block. \"Really?\" I nodded my head. \"Reader, in case you haven't noticed,\" I said as I motioned to worn, thick paperback novel in my hand. I saw a half-smirk. \"Yeah, I noticed. You're always reading something new.\" If it weren't for the traffic, I would have froze mid-step while staring at him widened eyes. He noticed ? Being noticed by someone, even by Carson who everyone seemed to hate, was this big deal to me, but I didn't let it show. I just kept on a small smile, looking between my book and him. The ale-cart line was nearly empty, so I awkwardly waved to Carson and left his side without a word. I hurried in the small line, bought an apple and water bottle. I went to head to the doors to go sit outside as usual to freeze at the sign of spring's rain. The sky was a dark grey, showing no signs of the rain stopping any time soon. I could go sit in the picnic area that had a roof over it to keep the rain out, but I'd hate to be eating in the atmosphere that the weather was giving the world outside. I frowned, my figure slightly hunching down as I furrowed my eyebrows. Where was I going to sit now? I turned my head and looked around the lunch room. Not a single empty table. Suddenly, Carson came up beside me and looked with me. \"Want to sit with me?\" he asked as he motioned to the table with his messenger bag and pile of books. I couldn't help but smile, nodding my head. \"That'd be great,\" I replied. I followed him to his table and sit down in the chair opposite of him. Together, our stuff cluttered the table, only making room for our food and whatever we were going to be doing while we ate. Carson got out a pen and notebook, going straight to writing as he chewed on his chips. I, on the other hand, bit into my apple ad went straight to reading my book. We ate like that for the whole period, just silence. It was comforting, knowing that there was someone who was okay with me being there, someone who was aware of me. There were a few times when I felt as if I was being watched, other times when I looked up to watch Carson. I could get used to this.[Chapter 3] A/N: So I'm aware that in the movie, Carson went through all this drama more towards the middle of the year, but I wanted to change that around, just an FYI. Big thanks to colferobsessed for the correction! \"Someone you have to let in. Someone whose feelings you spare. Someone who, like it or not, w ill want you to share a little, a lot, of being alive.\" - Barbra Streisand Chapter Three The air was warmer than usual with a bright blue sky and dry ground. I laid there, my hands behind my head and my earphones in my ears. I had finished my lunch earlier than usual, deciding to lay there and enjoy the moment of having nothing better to do than just lay there in the green grass of the courtyard and soak in the broken weather. Carson sat Indian-style a few feet away, writing away in one of his notebooks as usual. He had his glasses on, staring pensively down at what he was writing. His half-eaten lunch sat forgotten beside his messenger bag. The soft, melodic voice of Marina and the Diamonds rang in my ear as I watched the clouds up in the sky softly roll past me. It had been this way for the past how many days, for Carson and I. We'd sit in each others presence, quiet and accepting. It became our daily school day ritual. Oh we don't own our heavens, no, we only own our hell. But if you don't know that by now then you don't know me that well. All my life I've been so lonely all in the name of being holy... A soft sigh escaped my lips as I hard a muffled voice that I knew was Carson's. I pulled an earphone out and looked over at Carson. \"Hmm?\" He was looking down at me, a relaxed expression on his face. But all he did was shake his head. \"Nothing,\" he answered softly. I furrowed my eyebrows. \"I know you said something.\" I gave a half-smile. His eyes trailed down my lips as I watched him smile in response. It looked natural. Soon, his face turned grave, sad. It alarmed me. \"You alright?\" I asked softly. I turned my iPod off and took my other headphone off, sitting up as my long hair fell behind me. He had opened his mouth, ready to talk when the loudspeakers announced that he was needed in the Councilor's office. He got up, saying something about college and left. I was left alone, watching him walk away with a sigh. When the bell rang, I headed to Creative Writing. By the second period of Creative Writing, Carson still hadn't shown up yet. I couldn't help but feel like something was wrong with him. I waited a while, sitting in my car and staring at Carson's empty red convertible. Suddenly I got out of my car, taking only the keys with me as I hurried over to where the school's newspaper was based at, an empty classroom that was only ever used for the study hall periods. I found Carson there, stuffing notebooks into his messenger bag. He was red-faced, rigid, and obviously upset. \"Carson?\" I asked in almost a whisper. He froze and looked up at me with a tightened jaw. \"Why aren't you at home?\" he asked me in surprise. \"I was worried about you. Are you...are you alright?\" I asked sheepishly. It was odd to tell someone that – that I was worried, let alone ask someone if they were alright. He said nothing. He just closed his bag and flung it onto his shoulder at an angry force. \"Got any plans at the moment?\" he asked me instead. I furrowed my eyebrows and tilted my head. \"Uhm, no?\" \"Great. We're going on a little road trip,\" he said as he walked over to me. I walked out and he came out behind me. \"Where?\" I asked, suddenly excited. Road trip with Carson? Hanging out with someone outside of school? \"The beach. I've never seen it before.\" The beach sat about an hour and a half outside of Clover. I've never been there before and judging by Carson's act at the moment, he hadn't either. So I got in his car, making sure I grabbed my cellphone and jacket from my car. I put my jacket in Carson's back seat as buckled myself in, setting my phone down in the drink holder as he put the car in gear and we were on our way. I left a message on my dad's answer machine, letting him know that I was out with a friend and that I didn't know what time I would be home. We were silent up until he he slowed down after passing the Clover sign. He stopped the car and backed up until he parked in front of it. Confusion flooded through me. \"Carson?\" I watched with sudden fear as he reached behind his seat and grabbed his umbrella. \"Carson,\" I called out as he got out and rounded the car. I jumped when he swung the umbrella at the metal surface of the green sign with a grunt. Something was terribly wrong. I quickly got out and ran over to him, grabbing his wrists and yanking on them with all of my strength. \"Carson, stop!\" I yelled desperately. He took a few more swings until he stopped. I stepped back from him, my eyes wide and fear still lingering. I jumped again when he threw his umbrella to the other side of the car. \"Carson,\" I said as I grabbed his wrists again, trying to make him look at me. \"Carson, please,\" I begged shakily. Finally, his soft blue eyes met with mine. They were filled with so much sadness and disappointment. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. He said nothing as he walked over and slid down to the dirt, his back against his car. He looked fragile and broken...and that scared me. When he began breaking into tears, I had no choice but to fall to the ground beside him and hug him. I wrapped my arms around his body to let him know I was there and caring. He leaned into me, melting into my embrace as I only held him tighter to me. He buried his face into my shoulder, his body shaking with the silent sobs within my arms. I gathered the fact that I had never really hugged anyone before. Maybe occasional hugs from my father on birthdays or Christmas, but that was really it. I ran my hand over the back of his head, caressing him as I felt myself getting choked up with how broken and pitiful Carson was at the moment. This wasn't right. I raked my hands through my hair as the ocean's wind ruffled my long waves when I exited the restroom. I stared over at the falling sun and the restless waves of the ocean. It was beautiful. It made me smile. I then looked over where Carson was. He was sitting on the hood of his car, parked in the sand and secluded in the heavy distance. There weren't many people on the beach and those who were were either playing in the waves or running around the shoreline. I crossed my arms to press my warm hands to my cold upper arms, jacket-less as I walked over to him. The ocean's wind was soft and warm, but still slightly chilling. I leaned in and grabbed my jacket, putting it on and zipping it up as I looked up at Carson. He looked so focused on the ocean's water. But I didn't say anything. I figured that he would talk to me when he was ready. I got back in the car, lounging sloppily but comfortably, my arms crossed as I watched the sun set with Carson. \"It's beautiful,\" I finally said after a few more minutes of uncomfortable silence. Carson said nothing. I looked over at him only to find him looking at me with a soft expression, like he was trying figure something out. \"What.\" He softly closed his eyes and shook his head. \"Nothing.\" There was a moment of silence, a moment where we just remained there, staring out into the ocean and enjoying everything as the sun slowly fell into the water. \"No one has...ever been here for me...like you have,\" Carson said slowly, full of meaning and sudden passion. \"No problem.\" I looked at him again, meeting with his eyes once more. \"I've never had anyone to be there for,\" I replied softly. \"Did you know that I wanted to go to Northwestern after high school?\" Carson suddenly asked me. I rested my head back against the headrest as I continued to look back at him. \"No.\" \"The only college I ever want to go to. The councilor says that I have to wait another two years to apply. Apparently I got accepted, but at first...I thought my letter had gotten lost some how,\" Carson explained to me, sounding so upset all over again. \"I'm sorry, Carson,\" I said apologetically, earnestly. \"And you know what the funny thing is?\" He seemed to be waiting for my response. \"What.\" \"My mother threw it away,\" Carson then said. My eyes widened as I put my hand to my mouth, sitting straight up. \"Wait, what?\" I shook my head as I rung my hands together. \"What kind of person would do that? Oh my gosh, Carson. That's so horrible, I'm so sorry.\" I shook my head my eyebrows arched up together as I leaned forward and put my hand on his back. Carson moved over on the hood, patting the space now provided. I got out of the car and climbed up carefully. \"My mother said she didn't want me to be disappointed with life, she didn't want me to try and live my dreams only for them to be ruined or something of the sort.\" He was shaking his head, his eyebrows furrowed as he bit his lip. \"I can't remember the last time I had been this fucking upset.\" I put my hand on his back, rubbing softly out of instinct. He didn't pull away, which was a plus. Over the past years, he always seemed to have personal space issues. \"My gramma says that...I'm sad looking, that I'm so angry with the world. And then my mother says I get it from my father.\" He shook his head, looking beyond me at the horizon. \"I don't mean to be so...unhappy with everything and everyone. It's just the way I am,\" he said as he shrugged his shoulders. I took my hand back, sitting Indian-style as I wrapped my arms around myself, feeling so upset with the moment. Carson never talked about his family...he didn't even talk about anyone else. We never...really had this much personal conversation before. \"My gramma doesn't even know that I'm Carson. She suffers with alzheimer.\" I leaned in and rested my head against his shoulder as my hand went back to resting against his mid-back. He seemed tense at first, but I felt him relax again under my pressure. \"At least you have a grandmother. All that's left is my dad,\" I murmured. At that, Carson moved his arm so that it was around me, pulling me close. It was a shocking gesture – I never even expected him to do something like that, but I literally melted into him and I had never been held like that by a guy before. I felt safe, wanted, visible . But it was then that I began wondering what it was that Carson and I have. Was it a form of friendship? Or what... \"My father doesn't give two shits about me. And neither does my mother. I was just the backup plan – worthless.\" \"Don't say that,\" I quickly told him, slightly sitting back so I can look at him. He hesitated before he turned his face so his eyes could lock with mine. The sadness I kept seeing in those perfect eyes were starting to eat away at me. \"You're special, Carson. And though others don't believe it, I believe it,\" I stressed to him as my free arm reached over and grasped a fistful of his shirt to stress further. \"I was invisible, Carson. And you were the only one who saw me. In the few weeks I've gotten to know you, you've made a difference in my life.\" He looked more confused and thoughtful than sad at the moment, gazing down into my eyes with softly-furrowed eyebrows. \"You can wait the two years, Carson. Trust me. Northwestern isn't going anywhere,\" I said as I sat up and turned my body so I faced him, my hand that once fisted his shirt now just causally resting on his chest. \"Two years wasted,\" was his reply. He looked away from me. I bit my lip as I took my hands away, now resting them on my lap. \"You need to be positive, Carson. You won't get anywhere being this upset with what has been happening.\" He said nothing. \"My dad has always told me that no matter who you are or what you home situation is, there are always people who love you,\" I assured him. Who knows, maybe I love you. Carson's eyes met with mine again, staring at me for a moment before sighed, as if giving up with the conversation. His shoulders that were hunched up relaxed lazily. He got off of the hood and landed on the sand, getting in the car. \"It's getting late. I should probably take you home,\" he told me as he started up the engine. I hesitated before I got off and got back in the car, buckling myself up. He drove back onto the rode as I pulled my hair back into a low and lazy ponytail.[Chapter 4] A/N: So I was told that the story deserves a better summary. I hope the one I changed it too is better. Just a notice, I'm waiting to get the money to buy the Carson Phillip's Journal, so when I do get it and I finally read it, I might end up rewriting some parts being that I'm still so unfamiliar to Carson's character. I'm trying my hardest to live up to the Carson in the movie, please know this. Enjoy chapter four. And thank you so much for all the reviews I've been receiving. It's what keeps me writing! \" There comes you to keep me safe from harm. There comes you to take me in your arms. Is it just a game? I don't know.\" - Birdy Chapter Four I was rubbing the back of my head, embarrassed and guilty with a red face as I stood before my father. I had just come after he had finished supper. He had cold leftovers left for me that I had eaten as soon as I saw them. Carson had offered to get me food on the way home, but I told him I would be fine. It was when the smell of the leftover food hit my nostrils that I realized that I should have eaten earlier. I ate in silence as he cleared up the trash, soon just standing before me. He stared at me for the longest time before he said, \"You're grounded.\" I froze mid-chew of my last bite as I quickly looked up at him. My eyes widened. \"Are you serious?\" He made a noise and titled his head downwards to the granite of the kitchen island with raised and disapproving eyebrows. \"As serious as the time that you came home tonight, Angeline May.\" He was using my last name. Of course he was angry with me. I scoffed, trying to speak over top of my sudden frustration and anger. \"You can't ground me. You always complained about how I never had a social life, how I wasn't normal.\" \"I never said you weren't normal.\" You basically said that . \"And you never gave me a curfew,\" I accused. \"Because you never went out!\" He closed his eyes and his lips formed a thin line as he shook his head. Then he opened them and looked at me. I saw a flicker of realization in his eyes. \"It's a boy, isn't it? Who is he? I wanna know.\" The over-protective father I hadn't seen for years was reappearing. In a way, it was comforting. I was quiet for a moment before I crossed my arms over my chest and looked down at the floor. It felt weird answering this question. Why should he care who this 'boy' is? \"Carson Phillips.\" My father froze, giving me a confused face. \" Phillips ?\" He sounded disgusted, which made me cringe. I watched as he sighed unhappily and rubbed his hand over his face. I frowned. \"What.\" \"Please...just... stay away from that family. They're nothing but troubled people. His mother is a complete mess and it's a wonder why her son isn't,\" he told me. He sounded so prejudice. I never heard him be this way before. I slid off of the stool and walked over to him. \"Don't say that. You don't know him.\" And maybe I didn't as much either, but I did know that he was a good guy and that...I really like him. \"Of all the guys in Clover-\" \" Dad !\" I interrupted him angrily. \"I am invisible to the entire school and town . Carson is the only guy that has ever seen me.\" He looked at me for a long moment before he stuffed his hands into his pant pockets, nodding his head silently. \"Alright,\" he murmured. \"Alright...\" I uncrossed my arms and slightly tilted my head, giving him a thoughtful look. What was he going to say next. I know him well enough to know he'd never end a subject or argument with just 'alright'. \"Here's the deal. You're off the hook if...he comes over for dinner sometime next week,\" he told me as he then pointed an index finger at me. \"I want to meet this...Carson Phillips.\" I laughed. \"But we're not dating.\" My dad was acting like Carson was my boyfriend. He gave me another confused look. \"Angeline, you don't just spend that much time with a guy if you two don't like each other that much,\" he told me softly. He didn't sound angry or prejudice anymore. He leaned over and ruffled my hair as he moved past me, heading into the living room. I was left there to my thoughts. Carson was boyfriend material. I just knew it. So maybe it wouldn't be...bad to think of 'what if' situations with him. I huffed a sigh as I stalked into my bedroom, collapsing on my bed. I felt so tired, so exhausted. I still had homework to do and I still had to get my bath. It was already after nine. I was screwed. At lunch, Carson and I were talking about our final projects for Creative Writing, in deep conversation about what we were going to write while we ate our lunches and wrote out our plot lines at the same time. We sat by each other, closer than usual with our backs against the tree we usually sat closest to. By the end of the day, the sky was dark and cloudy while lightning flashed in the distance. That disgusting smell of spring rain hung in the air. I hurried from my class to where I know Carson would be (as usual) before I'd get caught in the on-coming rain. It still hadn't rained yet by the time I passed Malerie who had her camera in her hand, filming the area surrounding her and avoiding me, the rain still hadn't fallen. I stood at the opened doorway to where Carson was. He was typing away at the classroom's computer with that familiar bold-blue flash drive sticking out from the side of the monitor. He stopped typing for a moment to look up at me with his glasses on. \"Hey,\" he greeted, soon going back to typing. I licked my lips and ran a hand through my hair, closing the door behind me as I walked up to the desk. \"Look, I'd hate to be bothering you while you're writing, but I needed to talk to you about something quickly.\" He motioned to the nearest desk. \"Sit down,\" he commanded mono-toned. I sat down where he directed and sat my backpack down beside my, folding my hands together as I waited for him. A few minutes passed as I sat there patiently. \"You're not bothering me,\" he said softly finally as he straightened his back and looked at me. \"What's up?\" I wrung my hands together. \"Look, my dad went spastic when I came home last night. He agreed to let me off the hook on one condition,\" I told him carefully. Carson made a face and motioned with his hand, telling me to keep going. \"He wants you over for dinner sometime next week.\" He didn't seemed fazed. \"Alright...\" he mumbled with a quick shrug of his shoulders. He went back to typing. I let out a short sigh. \"That's it? No-\" \"Look, I understand. Your dad, I'm assuming, has a problem with my family. I wouldn't blame him,\" Carson said as he kept typing. I sat back in my seat, my arms crossed over my chest. \"Alright then. Um. How's Wednesday?\" \"Fine by me. I never have any plans besides the school newspaper and homework,\" he said, still typing. He pressed a button, stopping with his typing as all of a sudden, the nearby printer started up and began spewing out printed pages. His story, I was guessing. He got up and walked over to the printer. \"Do you want me to leave?\" He shook his head as he pulled out the pages. \"No. Do you think you can help me though?\" Carson asked me instead. Carson was different. Like he wasn't as upset as he was yesterday. It felt great to see this. \"Sure. What do you need help with?\" I asked him as I got up and walked over to him. He was setting the printed pages on a nearby desk as he refilled the printer with blank paper and it kept printing. \"Can you help me with folding these?\" he asked as he motioned to the pages. Without saying anything, I sat down at the desk and began folding just like he had asked. \"Did your mom say anything?\" I asked out of curiosity. \"Nope. Giving her the silent treatment,\" Carson answered casually but with some sarcasm. After all the papers had been printed, he began unpacking the hundreds of leftover literary magazines from the boxes and began adding my folded pages to them. \"What's this?\" I asked as I continued to fold carefully. \"My own story I'm adding to these babies. I'm gonna donate them to my gramma's nursing home. It was a last-minute decision,\" Carson said as he continued to load them up. When everything was ready and he had reloaded the boxes up with the magazines, I got up myself, raising my hands above me and bending back until my back cracked. I groaned with a yawn as I stood straight up again, looking at Carson, who was watching me. He grabbed a magazine and held it out to me. Happily, I took it. \"Can't wait to read it,\" I told him as I rounded him and headed over to where my backpack was. \"Angel, what is this?\" He still called me Angel. It was like he refused to call me by my full name. It was still weird. I froze and turned to him, my face red as my heart began increasing in beat. \"What do you mean?\" I asked as I carefully put the magazine into my backpack where it wouldn't get bent. \"This...\" He motions between us. \"I don't know how to describe it,\" he said quickly as he shook his head. A soft fear was crowding my mind. What if he didn't want anything with me? What if I was just... there . Someone he just got along with but never cared about. I gulped strongly and tried to hide the fact that I was shaking. \"W-what do you want it to be?\" I asked softly. He stared at me for a moment, his face thoughtful. \"I don't know,\" he finally answered. It felt like I had been holding in my breath for too long. \"I just...\" I looked away, waiting for him to continue as I zipped my backpack back up and flung it over my shoulder. I hesitated before I turned around to face him again. \"I really like you, Angel.\" He looked sincere. He walked over to me and my breath caught in my throat. He moved closer to me and before I knew it, he brushed his knuckles against my cheek. I looked up at him, forgetting to breathe as I watched him carefully. My cheek felt like it was burning from the contact. Electricity . And then he was leaning closer and closer to me until his lips brushed against my opposite cheek. He moved back quickly, giving me a quick, promising smile as he moved away and grabbed a big stack from the opened box of magazines. \"I'm going to go take this to my gramma's nursing home. I'll see you tomorrow,\" he said rather cheerfully. He seemed... happy . Lightning flashed in the sky, lighting up where the sun was no longer found. It hadn't rained yet. He opened the door and walked out. I remembered to breathe, my chest falling and rising quickly as I watched him disappear. But it was the rush of adrenaline that made me jolt. I hurried around the maze of desks and out the door. Carson was just at the steps when I yelled for him. I sprinted over to him where he turned around and looked at me with a confused face. This is it , I told myself. Make your move . I've never been kissed before. I didn't know what it would actually feel like. But at the moment, I felt like I could do anything. So I stood a few feet away from him, my eyes locked with his as I breathed heavily, suddenly nervous and scared. I can do this . Quickly, I leaned in and pressed my lips to his. It was quick, simple, and just enough to know what it really felt like. His lips were soft. Softer than I had ever imagined a man's lips to be. It was almost as if my lips formed to his perfectly in those quick two seconds. I had moved back before he could even react. His eyes were closed, but they soon opened slowly to look at me. He was blushing . I jumped and yelped at a suddenly loud rip echoing from the courtyard before the parking lot. Carson turned around to see where it came from as my eyes fell to a smoking tree that was falling to the ground. It had been struck by lightning. My heart was pounding like crazy, I could hardly breathe. Carson then turned to look at me and there was something in that moment that Carson smiled widely and I did as well. And then we were laughing. It was the first time I ever heard him laugh. It was beautiful and I loved it to bits and pieces. And his smile – I had never seen him smile like that before. It was perfect. He was perfect. In that moment, I realized that I had strong feelings for Carson.[Chapter 5] A/N: So I started reading The Carson Phillips Journal (finally), that means I've made some changes. Nothing drastic, just...changes. I'm sorry for the delay for chapter five. Enjoy the new update! \" Baby, you're not alone. 'Cause you're here with me. And nothing's ever gonna bring us down, 'cause nothing can keep me from lovin' you. And you know it's true. It don't matter what'll come to be. Our love is all we need to make it through.\" - Darren Criss Chapter Five \"You like pizza, right?\" I asked shakily as I opened the door for Carson. \"Well hello to you too,\" he joked with a small half-smile. He walked in past me as I closed the door, turning to him. My father was just walking in, on the phone. \"Hi, Carson,\" he said more friendlier than I had expected. \"What do you want on your pizza?\" Carson shrugged. \"Anything but anchovies,\" was his reply. Mt father smiled and nodded his head, turning his head back into the phone. \"We'll get the veggie pizza...uh-uh...no problem...thank you.\" He turned the phone off and averted his attention back to Carson. \"Welcome to our house, Carson,\" my father greeted rather warmly. It was weird having Carson in our house, let alone another human being that wasn't me or my father. We've never had guests over before. Ever. An hour before Carson's arrival, my father and I had been running all over the place, making sure everything was tidied up. Old issued magazines were thrown into the trash, dirty dishes lying on the coffee table were thrown into the sink, books scattered throughout the dining room and living room were collected into a neat pile by the DVD collection...it was chaotic, but soon died down fifteen minutes before we were to expect Carson. Our house wasn't the greatest, but we took pride in making it presentable for both ourselves and for any chance of a guest coming to visit. The entry hall was small. You had a choice of the living room to the left where the flat-screen TV, old mahogany coffee table, worn brown leather couch, and computer was, the kitchen up front that also led into the hallway where the main bathroom and bedrooms were, or the dining room to the right that sported a simple upright piano, a random potted plant, matching mahogany table with the coffee table in the living room, and what my father said to be my mother's old chandelier. \"Make yourself comfortable, I'm going to go get the money ready for the pizza-man,\" my father said as he pointed to the kitchen and disappeared. In a way, I guessed him to say that as an excuse to allow me some simple alone time with Carson. I predicted that the questioning would come during dinner. Without a word, I walked into the living room and Carson followed me. This felt awkward... \"Uhm, can I get you a drink?\" I offered politely. He gave me a quick laugh and shook his head. \"Angel, it's fine. You don't have to play Perfect Hostess.\" I gave a sheepish smile as I shrugged my shoulders. There was a moment of silence as I watched Carson sit down on the sofa, his eyes raking over the entire living room before falling on me. The memory of what happened Friday still burned into my mind. I still couldn't believe I had the guts to kiss him. Monday and Tuesday were quiet. We spent our lunches going over our Creative Writing projects more, but that was the only times we saw each other. That and our Creative Writing class that we had together. I was just thankful that the kiss hadn't made things awkward between us. I spent the entire week worrying and hoping I didn't ruin...whatever it is that Carson and I have. \"Just so you know...my dad's going to murder you with questions,\" I said as I sat down beside him. I changed my position so that my body was facing his and I had my knees hugged to my chest. It seemed to have always been natural for me to sit however I wanted to in the presence of Carson. We were that comfortable with each other. Carson shrugged. \"Fan-fucking-tastic,\" he murmured sarcastically. \"I don't mind,\" he then said as he turned his head and our eyes met. My breath caught in my throat from losing myself in his blue eyes. \"Good,\" was all I could think of saying. We talked for a while. My father still hadn't come in to join us and I was guessing he was on his laptop in the kitchen, no doubt eavesdropping. Carson didn't seem to mind the whole situation, which I was thankful for. The pizza-man came and dropped off our ordered Pepsi and pizza. We all gathered around the kitchen island, grabbing paper plates and filling it with pizza as well as grabbing glasses of Pepsi. We moved into the dining room and that was when my father began hounding Carson with questions. \"So Carson, what do you want to do after college?\" Carson looked at me and then at my father, taking in a deep breath as if he was readying to explain something complex and long. \"One day, I hope to become the youngest freelance journalist to be published in the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, the Chicago Tribune, and the Boston Globe...eventually making my way to becoming the editor of the New Yorker.\" My father raised his eyebrows, giving me an impressed look and then back to Carson. \"That seems like a big goal,\" he said with a patronizing tone. I froze and gave my father a wide-eyed look. \" Dad ,\" I scolded with sudden shock and embarrassment. I can't believe Carson had to hear that from my father. First his mother, now my father. I looked at Carson and saw him smile sarcastically. \"You asked, sir. I answered honestly.\" My eyes widened further at Carson's response. That must have taken a lot of nerve. I looked to my father, seeing an amused expression on his face. \"You're right. I apologize if I offended you.\" I mentally collapsed to the floor with relief. \"Angeline here wants to get some of her books published and eventually become and editor,\" said my father. Carson looked at me and gave me the you-didn't-tell-me-this look. I responded with a guilty expression. \"But she says she wants to wait a few years before college.\" Carson gave me a surprised look. \"I just want to wait a few years to save up more for college. I don't want to be in any debt or worry about any form of money problems,\" I explained to Carson. He nodded his head considerately, visibly understanding my means. Not everyone was okay with student debt or any form of college-related debt. I most certainly wasn't. When the pizza was gone, we remained sitting around the table, now discussing school with my father, which was rather weird. I never gave my father details about that too, and I could read how weird and different this was for my father when I looked at his face. Before we realized it, the clock on the wall chimed, marking it at nine in the evening. Carson put his dirty napkin on his plate and got up. \"Thank you so much for inviting me for dinner,\" said Carson politely. \"I think it's time I head home since I have school tomorrow,\" said Carson with a small, warm smile sent between my father and I. \"Well we were lucky to have you this evening,\" my father said as he got up next. I got up last. \"You're welcome over any time – don't be a stranger,\" my father said happily as he shook hands with Carson. \"Angeline, why don't you show Carson out? I'll clean up.\" I didn't say anything as I looked at Carson and smiled. I led him to the door while my father busied himself with gathering up all the trash and taking it into the kitchen where he began running the water, giving Carson and I just enough privacy. \"I like your father,\" Carson said as he opened the door, half way in and out. \"Really?\" I said with a soft, short laugh. He nodded his head. \"He really loves you.\" He looked at me for a moment before shrugging quickly. \"Anywho. I'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for inviting me over,\" Carson said as he quickly leaned forward and kissed my cheek. A part of me was disappointed. I wanted him to kiss me on the lips, not the cheek. But nonetheless, I still blushed and I still gave him a goofy, giddy smile as he quickly hugged me and he was gone. I sighed as I watched him get in his car, wave, and drive off. I closed the door and turned to see my father standing in the archway of the kitchen, a dishtowel draped over his shoulder and his sleeves rolled up to the elbows. He was doing dishes. \"I like him,\" was what he told me. I raised my eyebrows. He walked over to me and put his hands on each side of my lower shoulders. \"I'm glad that you have a friend, that you have someone to spend time with. For a while...you were worrying me. And to tell the truth, I'd be happy if you were seeing him. You should date, enjoy high school before graduation.\" He kissed my forehead quickly and turned around, walking away without another word. Tomorrow , I told myself. Tomorrow I'll talk to Carson about all of this . \"Carson? Do you like me?\" I asked ask I turn a page in my notebook. It had taken me half the lunch period to build up the courage just to ask him this. Carson looked up at me from his notebook, his glasses on again. He raises his eyebrows slightly. \"Hmm?\" He blinked and shook his head once. \"Oh. Um. Yeah, of course I do. Why?\" I blushes and looked away. \"Just...wondering. I'm... confused is all,\" I told him softly. I could hear the curiosity in his voice. \"Confused? What about?\" It was raining again, so we were stuck inside at our usual table. Instead of sitting across from each other, I sat at the seat to the right of him. I looked over at him from my notebook, my hand that was holding my pencil going still. I was still blushing, refusing to look at him for him to fully see. \"I mean, are we dating? What is this...that's what I'm confused about,\" I replied shakily. I was shaking, nervous of what he was going to say. And to be quite honest, I hated to be this nervous around him. It made me feel insecure and weak. And I knew it was weird because usually, I was comfortable and confident around him. Carson had reached over to wrap his hand around my hand that was still holding my pencil. I looked over at him to see a small smile set to his lips and kindness flashing through his eyes. \"How about this,\" he started as he leaned forward, his eyes locked with mine. \"Angel, will you be my girlfriend?\" There was some sarcasm in his voice, but I knew he meant it. And the fact that he meant it made me smile crazily. I composed myself, forcing my smile to shrink as much as possible as I straightened up my back. \"Why, Carson, I'd be honored,\" I told him, followed by a small giggle. He smiled with me as it then shrunk. \"There's something else, isn't there?\" My smile disappear as I took my hand from his and shrugged, looking down at my half-written notebook. Carson made it seemed as if I were some opened book to him. He knew me so well in the short amount of time we have become good friends. And now he was boyfriend... \"Why don't you ever kiss me?\" I murmured, picking up my pencil, shrugging, and going back to taking notes. \"Hey.\" The hint of concern in his voice made me look up at him again. \"I'm sorry, but you need to understand that I'm not...one for PDA,\" he told me kindly. It felt as if some big, huge weight had been pulled off from my whole heart. A big breath escaped me as I smiled again for a moment, before giving him a straight face, nodding my head in understanding. I understood completely. I should have known that he was that kind of guy, which makes me respect him all the more. It meant that he wanted to enjoy the best things in privacy. \"I understand,\" I told him simply. He nodded his head, smiling again. \"Good. Thank you.\" I wish he smiled more often.[Chapter 6] A/N: Sorry for the delay in updates lately. But I'd love to thank ALL OF YOU for the lovely reviews. To be honest, I keep expecting some harsh critiques about how the fanfiction seems rushed or something of the sort, but when I find it to be a nice review, it literally makes my day as well as makes me smile. So enjoy chapter six! \" Odd one, you're never alone. I'm here and I will reflect you. Both of us basically unattached, to anything or anyone, unless we're pretending. You live your life in your head. Some call it 'imagination'. I'd rather focus instead on anything except, what I'm feeling, odd one.\" - Sick Puppies Chapter Six I stood before the doorway of Carson's room, weary. He had just sat his messenger bag down on his made bed, turning around to look at me, giving off a smile. \"Don't worry. Nothing in here's gonna pop up and bite you,\" he said in his playful manner, as he leaned forward and grabbed my wrist, pulling me in with him and closing the door behind me. \"Now my mom's out, but not sure when she'll be back. She won't bother us since I'm still giving her the silent treatment,\" Carson said as he walked back over to his bed, leading me to sit down on it. Carson's room was... clean and comfortable. The walls were a comforting yellow, his twin-sized bed covered in a worn, striped comforter. He had matching nightstands on each side of his bed. On the left one sat a vintage phone and the other, a lamp and alarm clock. His closet door was cracked open, revealing only a sight of how clean it really was on the inside. Ahead was a desk with his computer, another lamp, a computer chair, and beside the desk sat a chest with books cluttering the top of one side. The other side of it was opened, revealing the notebooks within – probably his stories and journals. His windows were covered in a pretty blue-shade of curtains. \"Sorry my room isn't all that great,\" Carson said in a deadpan tone. I looked up at him again, seeing a faint smile at his lips as I watched him unload his messenger bag and toss it to the side of his left nightstand for use Monday. I shook my head, smiling at him. \"I love it,\" I said calmly. To show him that I did, I laid back on the bed, making myself at home. The bed smelled of him. I could lay in his scent all day and never get tired of it. It smelled like fresh fabric softener with a very soft hint of a scent that reminded me of either American Eagle or Abercrombie & Fitch cologne. I heard Carson chuckle softly and before I realized it, I felt Carson press his lips to mine. He had bent down beside his bed just to kiss me. My stomach swooped, feeling as if I was falling down a hill on a roller coaster ride. I loved it. I smiled in the kiss, soon feeling him smile in return. I absolutely loved the feeling of him smiling in the kiss, just to know that I was making him happy. When he retrieved, I opened my eyes and smiled widely up at him, feeling like some giddy child in love. \"By the way,\" I called to him as I watched him go to his computer and sit down. He put his glasses on and looked at me, giving me his full attention. I sat up and scooted near the edge of the bed, sitting Indian-style, \"I loved your story – the one you added to the literary magazine? The first line was the best. 'Once upon a time, there was a boy who flew .'\" I gave him another smile. \"How did you come up with such a thing?\" Carson looked at me with a faint smile for a moment before I got up and walked over to him. I leaned against the chest, still smiling down at him, waiting for him to answer me. \"Long story short...uhm...when I was little, I came to my grandmother with my first story. All it said was, 'Once upon a time, there was a boy.' Now, she said it needed work, so I worked on it some more and finally, I came up with, 'Once upon a time, there was a boy who wanted to fly.'\" He grabbed my hand that I was leaning my weight on against the chest. He pulled me over to him. My heart was beating madly as he kept pulling me until I was sitting on his lap sideways. I wrapped my arm closest to him around his neck. \"What made you come up with it?\" I then asked softly, just above a whisper. He took his classes off and sat them down on top of a few folders on his desk behind me. \"You.\" My stomach swooped again, my cheeks reddening at this news. It didn't make sense. His story wasn't about...romance. It was more of a letter to his grandmother. It was about him and his future. Not about me . He must have read my confused expression because he gave me a lighthearted smile and rested the hand that wasn't wrapped around my waist on my lap. \"You gave me the inspiration. My grandmother's pats words about the story just simply gave me something to write about. But you made me want to write and add it to the literary magazine.\" He leaned forward until our lips meant. We kissed for a moment longer than ever, my breath feeling as if it were being stolen from my lungs as our lips moved together in a slow, slightly erotic dance. When he pulled away, I tried my best to act natural. I had to take a moment to breathe, to remind myself that I had stopped breathing when he kissed me. The kiss...I didn't want it to end , but we were in a conversation and I still had questions... \"Has your grandmother read it yet?\" I asked him next. He shrugged. \"I haven't gotten the chance to visit her in a while.\" My face turned grave. \"It must be hard,\" I whispered. \"What.\" \"Having to see her and not be remembered.\" Carson thought about my words for a moment, I could see it in the way his eyes flashed with thoughtfulness. \"Sometimes it's hard. But it's the days that she doesn't mind my presence as a stranger that isn't so hard.\" I sighed and tilted my head to the side until it rested beneath Carson's shoulder and jaw. A smile found its way back to my lips when Carson reached up and brushed my bangs out of my face and then softly stroked my jawline with his knuckles. I don't think I've ever felt so happy before. Carson handed me paper and a pen when I told him I was ready to start on my Creative Writing final project. I sat Indian-style at the edge of his bed again while he typed away at his computer. We sat like that, in silence as we always do at lunch time, just writing. Every so often, I felt his eyes on me. And every so often, I allowed myself a sneak glance at him. When I did look at him, he looked so intent on what he was doing, like it was what he should always be doing. Typing away at a story suited him well. I guess it was one of the many things I found myself in love with about him. When I had the entire story wrote out, the sun was falling in the sky, Carson had turned on the desk lamp, and my stomach rumbled with hunger. I decided I would type the story out tomorrow so I can share it on Google Docs with my Creative Writing teacher. I folded the eighteen pages together, stuffing them into my backpack that I had sitting against the wall next to the door. And right when I sat back down on the bed, the door opened. My heart stopped as my eyes fell onto his mother who stood in the doorway. I had seen her numerous times at the drug store. She always wore a robe then. But now, she was more put together, like something had changed with her. I assumed that to be a good thing, for Carson. \"Carson, dinner's almost ready I-\" She stopped mid-sentence when her eyes fell on me. \"Oh...hello.\" Her voice went from exhausted to bright and friendly. I smiled, flashing my perfectly straight teeth as I glanced at Carson, who had stopped typing to stare at his mother with a blank expression. The polite and patronizing natural side came out of me. I got it from my mother's side of the family, from what my father has told me. I got up from the bed and held my hand out. \"Hi, Miss Phillips. I'm Angeline.\" She smiled and took my hand wearily, then shook it with meaning. \"Call me Sheryl.\" I nodded my head and then turned to Carson. Carson had just got up from his chair, moving over to us. \"Will she be staying for dinner?\" \"No,\" Carson said coolly. \"I'm taking her to dinner.\" That was something I wasn't expecting. Sheryl raised her eyebrows, moving out of her way as she eyed Carson. Carson had grabbed his jacket and grabbed my hand, pulling me away. I grabbed my backpack while Carson pulled me out of his room. He hurried down the hallway, through the kitchen, and out the front door as I trailed behind him obediently. \"I'm sorry,\" Carson grumbled as he unlocked the car and opened the door for me. \"It's...it's fine,\" I said while being unable to help myself from thinking that he didn't need to apologize. I got in and he closed the door for me, rounding the car to get in on the driver's side. \"I just...I don't want you to spend any unnecessary time with her. I'm trying to give her the silent treatment after what she did and I know you don't like her,\" he ranted quickly. His rant stopped when I rested a hand against his knee, squeezing it. He looked at me, his breath heavy with anger. \"Carson, relax. It's fine. Now, take me to this...dinner that I had no idea about.\" I gave him a quirky smile. Carson seemed to have relaxed. \"I wanted it to be a surprise. I wanted to take you on a date,\" he said softly as he put his key in the ignition and started up the car. I smiled widely at him once more this evening and took my hand away, taking my phone out of my purse to text my father where I'd be tonight. He replied with letting my father know not to be home any later than one o'clock. I giggled, shaking my head. He finally set a better curfew for me. I was, after all, a Senior in high school who's just discovering what it's like to have plans with a friend, even my boyfriend, on a Friday night.[Chapter 7] \" Wasn't it easier in your firefly-catchin' days? When everything out of reach, someone bigger brought down to you? Wasn't it beautiful runnin' wild 'til you fell asleep? Before the monsters caught up to you?\" - Taylor Swift Chapter Seven The warm breeze of the Spring night brushed across my face as I just sat there in Carson's car. We were parked up high on an old tourist spot overlooking Clover. A crescent moon sat high in the sky as the scent of my Mexican leftovers sat in the back seat. Carson was holding my hand, warm and comforting. We both had our feet raised on the dashboard. After a moment, I shifted so that my knees hung over the car door slightly. \"Thank you for tonight, Carson,\" I said softly as my eyes moved to the distant lights of Clover before I turned my head to look at him. Carson turned his head to look at me and smiled. \"No problem.\" I suddenly felt restless. I pulled my legs from the door so that they were planted normally before me on the car floor. I sat up, sighing as I grabbed my phone and looked at it. It was only nine o'clock on a Friday night – so it was early for me. No one had called me. No one had texted me. I wasn't surprised. I heard Carson shift next to me, his body sitting in unison of mine. I looked over to see him watching me. \"What.\" \"You seem restless,\" he said in an as-a-matter-of-fact way. I shrugged my shoulders. \"I don't know, just feeling restless all of a sudden.\" Carson leaned forward and kissed me. I wasn't even expecting him to kiss me, but my eyes fell shut immediately, his lips gentle and prodding. I kissed him back, a hand going up to rest on the side of his neck. Slowly, the kiss turned more passionate and deeper. His tongue delved between my lips, finding my tongue and twisting against it. I sighed into the kiss before his hand tangled into my hair, cupping the back of my head and pulled me closer. My body felt as if it were in an awkward position, resulting in me crawling over so that I was sitting astride Carson's lap. My hands were cupping his face now, the kiss deeper than it had ever been. I was nervous, being that I had never done this before, but I went with it because I wanted to. Carson's hand left my head and rested against my waist, the other sliding down from my shoulder to my elbow, then hurrying to take my jacket off as if he wanted to touch my skin. I let go of his face, shrugging from my jacket as my hands now tangled into his hair. His hands were touching the skin of my arm, causing goose bumps to rise upon my skin where he touched. A shiver ran down my spine at the realization of how heated this kiss had just become. I had to pull away, breathless and begging for air with kiss-swollen lips. Carson's lips found my neck, kissing me there as another shiver ran down my spine. Before I realized what he was doing, he had found the sensitive spot where my neck meets my shoulder and began sucking there. A hickey – I never had one before and had always marveled over what it would be like to have one. Without warning, a soft moan escaped me as his hands now gripped my hips tightly, like he was trying to control himself. He sucked and kissed at the same spot while I had my head tilted to the side, enjoying the feeling of him loving me like this. \"I want you,\" he said between kissing my neck. Something strange coiled within my stomach at his words. He wanted me. He wanted to have sex with me. And I wasn't even sure if I was ready to have sex with him yet. But I knew a part of me wanted him too, eventually – when I was ready. When a dull pain began forming where he was kissing me, I was ready to say something about it when he pulled away. We looked at each other, our eyes wide and aware of the moment we had just shared and the way we were holding each other. \"Whoa,\" I said in a breathy voice, breaking the silence. \"Whoa is right,\" he replied, quirking a small half-smile. He leaned forward and pecked my lips before urging me off of him. I slid back into my seat, my chest rising and falling as my mind was all over the place. He started the engine, looking over at me and our eyes meeting again. \"Let's go see a movie and not watch it,\" he said out of nowhere, the words making me snicker. I smiled and laughed. \"Alright.\" \"Angeline, this letter just arrived for you,\" my father said as he walked into my room and plopped the letter down before me. I had my hair down to cover Carson's hickey. Thanks to my hair's length, my neck was easy to conceal. My eyes averted to the letter, fully aware of the address it came from – Michigan State. My heart suddenly began pounding inside my chest madly. \"Well? Aren't you going to open it?\" my father urged. I grabbed the letter, holding my breath as I ripped it open and pulled out the folded paper from within. I opened the letter quickly, reading the first few lines of the letter. \" Well ?\" my father continued to urge. I didn't want to apply to any college so early. I wanted to wait. But both my father and my guidance councilor had basically forced me to at least apply to the colleges at the top of my list. \"Declined,\" I replied. \"Oh...well, you can always reapply next year.\" It sounded a lot like my father was trying to sound hopeful. I gave him credit for that. I forced a smile I knew he'd believe and handed the letter and destroyed envelope to him. \"No worries. Just throw it out,\" I said simply, sounding as calm as I hoped I would. But deep inside, I felt a pang of deep disappointment and a hinge of hurt. I really wanted to get into Michigan. But as my father had said, there was always next year to reapply. I felt my father pat my knee before he got up and left. I let out a sigh, biting my lower lip before I reached for my phone. Carson picked up on the second ring. \"Hey,\" he said warmly. \"Hey – I just got my letter from Michigan.\" \"And?\" \"Declined.\" I allowed the disappointment to show in my voice. I heard Carson sigh on the other line in his saddened pitiful way. \"I'm sorry, Angel.\" I shook my head as if he saw me. \"Whatever. I'll reapply next year. I just... really wanted to get into that college. My last resort is Clover's community college,\" I said with slight venom with the words 'Clover's community college'. I sighed sadly as I laid back on my bed, staring up at the ceiling as Carson and I continued to talk, making plans to hang out over spring break. The memory of the declination letter felt like it was burnt into my mind Monday morning when I walked into school with Carson. Carson had begun to pick me up for school being that we mostly spent time together after school anyways so we didn't have to run back and forth for my car. We stopped at Carson's locker – I already had what I needed for my morning classes thanks to what I had to take home for homework over the weekend. Carson opened his locker and suddenly, he squeezed my hand. I looked up at him with a questionable expression. \"Hey, cheer up,\" he let go of my hand and tapped my nose with his index finger, giving me a smile he knew I wasn't immune to. Out of nature, a tiny smile crept at my lips in exchange for his smile that was nearly contagious. \"What if no college wants me?\" I asked as I watched him drag his books out from his locker. He closed it and turned to me, a concerned expression now set to his features. \"Stop it. Don't say that. You are talented , Angel. Don't pay attention to it if you got accepted or not. You're special. And those pricks will be damned if they don't think so. You'll get into a good college, okay?\" He kissed my cheek for reassurance. I nodded my head, hoping that his words were true. He was so hopeful for me, and that I deeply appreciated. \"Let's change the topic to something happy,\" I mumbled. He leaned against his locker and crossed his arms, looking down at me. \"Oh! Here's a good one: Will you go to Prom with me?\" My eyes widened. \"P-Prom?\" I stuttered. \"Are you serious?\" He gave me a look that answered my question. \"Yes,\" I finally answered him. \"I'd love to!\" I jumped over to him and wrapped my arms around his neck tightly as he wrapped his arms around my waist, hugging me close. \"Perfect,\" he murmured into my ear. It was in the middle of the night, I knew it because I was just waking up, curled up in my pajamas under my covers and my room was pitch black. Carson's ring-tone was blaring in my ear, right from where my lit-up phone was sitting on my bed beside my piled pillows. I groaned, forcing my heavy eyes to open as I grabbed my phone. I had to suck in a breath, trying my hardest to get myself awake and aware enough. My alarm clock blinked 4:25 AM – it was on a Friday night. I sat up in my bed, reaching over and turning my lamp on as I pressed TALK on my phone. I looked over at my prom dress hanging on my opened closet door, its orchid and sky blue colors faint in the dim light. \"Hello?\" I answered in a tired voice. \"Thank God you picked up! I've been frantic, I wasn't sure who I should have called...\" The voice didn't belong to Carson. I cringed and looked down at my phone to double check my ID. It was Carson. And then it dawned on me. The frantic, desperate, shaky voice was his mother's. \"Sheryl, please calm down. What happened?\" I asked as fear began prickling through me. Why was she calling on Carson's cell? Where was Carson? \"Oh my God, Angeline.\" She sounded like she was literally freaking out. Either that or crying and fear had flooded through me enough that I had to stand up and pace around my room, my stomach turning over in the worse way. \"Carson was in a car crash. I'm at the hospital right now an- and...\" I froze right in the middle of my bedroom, my body going rigged as my phone fell from my hand and dropped to the floor with a heavy thud. I had to snap myself out of my terrorized trance to pick my phone back up and finish my conversation. \"I'm on my way right now,\" I said as I shakily stumbled around my room, nearly ripping my pajamas off of me so I can slide into my black sweat pants, bra, and a random band tee shirt I had draped over my vanity chair. I put my messy hair up in a sloppy ponytail as I slipped into socks and my tennis shoes , immediately grabbing my jacket and purse.[Chapter 8] A/N: Just a note. I am, in no way, knowledgeable of anything dealing with medicine, dotctors, and such. So everything in this chapter (besides the SBL characters of course) are entirely made up. \" You can count on me like 1, 2, 3. I'll be there. And I know when I need it, I can count on you like 4, 3, 2. You'll be there. 'Cause that's what friends are supposed to do.\" - Bruno Mars Chapter Eight The classroom felt empty without Carson in it. I sat where he usually sat, lounged back in the chair as the door to the classroom opened and in came Malerie. She had her video camera opened and rolling just as she always did. She closed the door behind her, pushing the glasses up her nose as she froze at the sight of me. She aimed the camera at me, her eyes going to the screen. \"What are you doing here? You're not on the Newspaper,\" she said in her mono-toned voice. I looked away from her and looked down at the pen I had in my hands, I twisted it, twirled it. It was Carson's favorite pen. \"While Carson's out, I'm taking over the Newspaper.\" In the corner of my eye, Malerie dropped her camera down to rest at her side as she looked at me directly. \"That would be me though.\" I sighed and put the pen down on the desk, looking up to glare at Malerie. \"Oh yeah? Tell me, do you have any plans for the Newspaper today, Malerie?\" I asked her in a rather snappish-way in spite of the situation. She looked stuck as she sat her camera down on a nearby desk, messing with it as if it were on and aiming at me. \"I have an idea, actually...\" \"Oh yeah? What's that.\" I asked her as I got up and leaned one hand on the desk to rest my weight on it while my other hand rested on my hip. \"I wanted to...put an article in the Newspaper about...Carson.\" I slammed my hand down on the desk, causing her to jump as my anger surfaced. \" Malerie . Carson is in a coma ,\" I paused to focus on her, making sure she was giving me her entire attention. \"He's not dead !\" She kept her expression empty, her eyes trained on me. \"I know that.\" I scowled as I shook my head, taking my hand off of the desk to cross my arms. \"Here's some ideas. Prom's coming up, right? Add in a reminder. And you gotta let everyone know how Mr. Renner is retiring. He tends to forget to let his students know about it. Don't forget to put in the limo adds for Prom.\" I threw my notepad at her that had the suggestions on it. \"Since you know how to run the Newspaper without Carson and all.\" I grabbed my backpack and Carson's pen, storming out of the room. My anger was remaining within me – I didn't know if it was because of the situation or because I've had enough of people thinking they were better than me, even though it hadn't happened that often. \"Wait.\" I froze and turned my head to see Malerie stepping out of the classroom. The stormy weather had sent a strong breeze through the area. My hair was put up into a high ponytail, but it was swaying relentlessly. \"What, Malerie.\" I tried to calm my voice down. I actually felt bad for snapping her as I did earlier and practically was doing it now. \"Look, I'm left in the dark here. Okay?\" She looked desperate, taking a few steps closer towards me. \"No one has told me anything about Carson. So I don't have a clue what's going on with him.\" I sighed, hoping my anger could be released within that single sigh. \"So...can you tell me what's going on?\" I looked away from her for a moment before I turned my body around to face her completely. \"Carson's in a coma. He got into a car crash and...he had some massive head trauma. They're saying that he's lucky to even be alive. They say that the best they can do for him right now is to make him as comfortable as possible...so Miss Phillips is gonna bring him home. Doctors want notified in case of any changes.\" Malerie nodded her head, looking down at the ground. It was the first time that I had seen her without her camera. \"What about his memory?\" Fear crept up in me, in place of my anger that I had earlier. \"They won't know until he wakes up,\" I answered shakily. \"But I have to go. Miss Phillips his waiting for me.\" She nodded her head and disappeared back into the classroom. I hurried to my car and drove to Carson's house where Sheryl was waiting for me. Carson was supposed to be moved to his home today, so I'd be able to finally see him. Sheryl opened the door with a relieved sigh. \"Good. You're here.\" Ever since Carson's accident, her and I had been talking. Although I would never forgive her for throwing out Carson's acceptance letter and the way he told me she treated him, her and I got along. We began spending a lot of time together. On the night of Carson's accident, while Sheryl had waited for word from the doctors, she bought me coffee and nearly bought everything out of the vending machines. We sat in silence, then, but it was a comforting silence. I knew she just needed someone to be there with her and that person was most certainly me. \"Hi,\" I felt the need to say. \"So, I moved Carson into the master bedroom. He has a bigger bed now – thought he'd be more comfortable there. I was hoping that you'd help me finish setting it up before I run to the pharmacy.\" She sounded just as frantic as always, barely freaking out. \"It's alright, Sheryl. I'm here,\" I assured her soothingly. She sighed as she waved for me to follow her. \"What do you want for dinner? I can make chicken with mashed potatoes and broccoli or...\" \"Anything's fine,\" I told her, my stomach growling at the mention of food. I followed into the bedroom at the end of the hallway – Carson's new room. His things sat piled up against the wall, the closet opened to show his clothes in there. It felt empty. But then my eyes laid on Carson, who sat on a blue bed, hooked up to a machine that showed the steady beat of his comatose heart. I felt like my world came crashing down around me, tears prickling at my eyes. \"The doctors said he could wake up any time...\" I hesitated for a moment before I looked at her, nodding my head. \"Sheryl, I got this. I remember how Carson had his room – I know how he wants it. Don't you worry,\" I said, giving her a small smile in hopes of lightening the mood. She stood there quietly after setting the cream back down on the nightstand. She looked at me, smiling back as she nodded her head in understanding. She sucked in a breath and put her hands on her hips. \"Well I'd better go to the store then. I'll be out for a few hours so if you ever need anything, you have my cell phone number...\" I nodded my head, following her out the door, down the hall, and into the kitchen. \"Remember, if you need anything, just let me know.\" I just nodded my head, watching her leave. I sighed in the eerie silence, looking around the quite house. After standing there for what must have been a long time, I walked back into Carson's room. I took about half an hour putting his room into a setting close to the one he had in his old room. When the room grew dark, I turned on the nightstand's lamp which casted a soft and warm glow about the room. I looked at Carson's body and then at the monitor. I felt... scared . And finally, I allowed myself to break, but not too hard. I crawled onto the bed, sniffling softly as I allowed only quite sobs escape me. Careful of the cords connected to Carson's skin, I wrapped an arm around his abdomen, letting my other arm lay there between my body and his, and rested my head on his shoulder. His quiet breathing was what made me feel all the more empty and scared. I wanted him to hold me close and tell me that everything was going to be okay. What if Carson never woke up? What if he woke up and didn't remember me? What if he woke up and didn't remember himself? I tangled my legs around the leg closest to me, hoping it would help make me feel better. It only did slightly. \"I love you,\" I whispered shakily.[Chapter 9] A/N: Sorry it took so long to update! Things have been so unbearably crazy! But you have no idea how much I'm appreciating all the lovely reviews, guys! Keep them coming! I live off them. Anyways. Enjoy the new chapter! \" Darkness creeps into daylight. You're leaving. Treasures hidden in our mind. The memories. The time we had was fleeting. The strength is just believing now.\" - Red Chapter Nine I flinched, closing my eyes as the bang of my father's fist echoed through the kitchen. My eyes opened, watery, as I gazed down at the report card facing me. \"God dammit, Angeline. What the hell do you think you're doing?\" he nearly yelled. I forced myself to look at him. Just for a moment before it'd be too late. His face was red – he was pissed off at me. My bottom lip trembled. I had only seen my father angry once in my lifetime. That was when I had just learned to ride a bike. I was so excited that I wanted to go farther than my father would let me. So I did. I think he was more scared than angry that something bad would have happened to me because I wasn't in his eyesight, but he was still angry. It scared me just as much as it scared me now. A tear escaped as I looked at the Cs and Ds on my report card. Never in my life had I received such bad grades. How could I have let myself get so low? What had happened to me that could make me become so unfocused and out of it? Oh right. My boyfriend was in a comma. It had been a month, two and a half weeks by now. I always got good grades. The teachers loved me. But now, things were all out of control. My life was out of control. I need Carson. I sniffed and quickly wiped the tear from mid-cheek with the back of my wrist, refusing to look up at him now. \"You're ruining any chance of getting into any college you want. Do you honestly want that, Angeline? Because I know I don't.\" Fuck you . I sucked in a shaky breath, trying my hardest to control the crying but my throat and eyes were burning with the crying sensation that wanted to be released. \"Do you need tutored? Because I can call people-\" I shook my head quickly, blinking more tears away. \"No.\" \"Then what is it?\" His voice had gone from angry to a worrisome desperation. I turned my back to him as I grabbed my jacket off of the kitchen island. \"I'm going to be late for school,\" I said as I slipped my feet into my shoes and bolted out the door. I hurried away, out to my car where I sped out of the driveway and to the half-filled school parking lot. When I killed the engine and took my keys out, putting them in my purse safely, I broke down. I slammed my hands against the car's steering wheel, angry and lost. I gripped it knuckles white, my body shaking with a range of mixed emotions: despair, sadness, craziness, anger, lost... This wasn't how my Senior year was supposed to go. I wasn't supposed to fall in love with Carson. What if he never... I could hardly bare to think about it anymore. I had no choice but to skip school that day. What use was for me to be in school and be disabled to pay attention. I couldn't think . There was nothing to do but head to the beach. It was prom night. I should've be there, dancing with people I'm friendly with and enjoy being all dolled up for once pointless night. But I wasn't. I was with Carson. I had controlled the tears by then. I laid beside him on his bed while Sheryl was out doing God knows what. \"I love you,\" I whispered as I rested my head against his arm, watching him sleep. I had convinced myself by then that his heart was still going. He was just sleeping. \"I love you too,\" I imagined him saying back. \"Things are a mess. My grades are my worst ever...\" I took his hands and safely messed with it as I continued. \"I can't focus. I can't think, I can't breathe...I hardly eat anymore...I'm going crazy, Carson,\" I said with a sudden huff. No. I refused to let the tears return. I shook my head and wrapped my arms around him. He was warm. That was enough. \"I miss you, Carson. I need you. Please don't leave me,\" I begged, tears starting to pool in my eyes. I blinked and looked around the room. \"Your mom thinks I'm depressed,\" I said with a laugh that sounded more like a sob. \"Maybe I am, maybe I'm not. I have no clue.\" Moments ticked by. Not a single sound except for the steady, comforting beat of his heart monitor. It was then that I had spent hours upon hours laying with Carson, depending on the beep of his heart monitor. I preyed it wouldn't go dead. I was always hanging on the edge, waiting...hoping... I sniffed. \"I remember the first time I saw you.\" I smiled through the tears. \"It was fourth grade. Mrs. Janson's class. We were talking about animals when you asked some weird question about ostriches.\" I was laughing, but I remained crying. \"I don't know how I remember that.\" I buried my face in his chest. He still smelled like him . \"You were always the oddest little boy. It seemed that you were the only sane one among us. You saw things for what they truly were. People picked on you for that. But I always kept to the sidelines, watching you.\" I laughed again. \"But not in a creepy kind of way, of course.\" I looked up at his relaxed, sleeping face and I broke again. Racking sobs left me as my hand clutched at his sky blue tee shirt. \"I need you here with me, baby,\" I whispered shakily. With no response, I realized that I was used to it by now. I rested my head back down against his chest, closing my eyes as I willed myself to focus on the steady beat of his heart. It was the best there was at the moment. By then, the sobs had stopped, but tears were still flowing from my eyes. \"I was invisible. Not a single person had ever taken a second glance at me. But you did.\" I said as I tried my hardest to stop myself from crying. I had been crying too much lately. I thought I'd have dried up by now, but I hadn't. \"There I saw you, lost and hated...and I wanted to be with you in any every way possible,\" I realized. I curled my legs around one of his. \"I wanted to know you, and I didn't realize that until now.\" I close my eyes, focusing on willing the tears to leave me forever. It was true that I hadn't been eating much. I'd eat a yogurt here, a banana there, maybe some rice here. I had always forced myself to eat a little more than I wanted to when it came to eating with my dad. But I hadn't been sleeping either. At nights, I tossed and turned, restless and unable to find a comfortable position because all I did was worry for Carson, thinking that at any moment, I could get a call from Sheryl – good or bad. Bags began to form under my eyes. But now, sleep was hitting me hard when I realized that I was, for once, in a comfortable position. I my eyes grew heavy as I laid there, my legs comfortably wrapped around his one leg, my head on his chest with his arm under my neck, my arms wrapped around him, and my body comfortably nuzzles up against his. Not caring that Sheryl would find me that way, I fell to sleep. Something was moving beneath me. In the blackness of unconsciousness, I felt it. A nudge. A twitch. Nothing for a while, and then it started up again. In my sleep, I groaned and nuzzled into the warm body beside me. Carson, I sighed in my mind. I knew where I was. I knew what had happened. I was just trapped between my unconscious state and my conscious one. It began again. It was waking me up. Something was nudging my arm. Sheryl? No. I want to sleep in his arms more. \"No,\" I grumbled in my sleep, my arms tightening around Carson. I was awake now, refusing to wake up. \"Just give me a few more minutes with him, Sheryl,\" I sighed as I nuzzled my face into Carson's side. So warm . The nudge started up again after a while, more persistent and rough this time. I slapped the hand away. \"Angel.\" My body went rigged. Was I dreaming? My eyebrows furrowed before my eyes opened. It was dark with nothing but the moonlight and the faint glow of the nightstand lamp. Sheryl must have came in and turned it on. I could see the outline of an arm, a hand...connected to the body my arms were protectively wrapped around. \"Angel,\" the rough male voice repeated. He remembered me . I bolted upright quicker than ever, my hand resting on his chest as I looked down at him. For the first time in a month or so, my eyes connected with his beautiful hazel eyes. I missed them. \"C-Carson?\" I stuttered. He looked sleepy, but alive . I sucked in a breath, raising my hand from his chest to brush back his hair from his forehead. \"I'm here,\" I told him shakily as I quickly moved away from him and hurried to the door, quickly opening it as I peered into the hallway. Sheryl was just walking into the kitchen when she saw me. \"Sheryl!\" I called to her. She came running in an instant to find her son awake and alive.[Chapter 10] A/N: Sadly, this is the last chapter. It's been such a wonderful time, reading all of your lovely reviews and writing all these chapters for you. Thank you so much, guys. \" In my life, she has burst like the music of angels, the light of the sun. And my life seems to stop, as if something is over. And something has scarcely begun.\" - Les Miserables Chapter Ten Avoiding my father wasn't easy, but at times it was because he was beginning to work over his usual scheduled time. Maybe he was avoiding me too. Either way, I know I had let him down. I had thrown all the chances of getting into any good colleges down the toilet with my grades. But is it really my fault that I honestly couldn't focus during the time? At all? Some things...can't be helped. Most people, nowadays, don't realize that. But I find it ironic how just when Carson wakes up from his coma, something goes wrong with his grandmother. I had held Carson an entire night from how scared he was of losing her, regardless of the fact that she doesn't remember him. I sat there, on his bed beside him, my arms wrapped around him as he just nuzzled his face into the crook of my neck. In hopes that it soothed him, I had softly brushed his hair back from his face, even though it kept falling back into place every time. When morning came, he sat in his bed, staring out the windows of the room that was still new to him. He was still unable to get over the fact that his room had changed along with the size of the bed. But he had constantly thanked me for making sure it was close to how his old room was. I made breakfast for him. I wasn't much of a cook, but I was so used to making breakfast for myself that I was sure I mastered the arts of some cheddar scrambled eggs and some cinnamon sugar toast. Breakfast in bed was definitely a must-have for that morning. His mother called to tell him that she'd be at the hospital all day, perhaps all night as well, saying she wanted to be there before and after Carson's grandmother's surgery. That left the house free to Carson and I. After breakfast, I had ran home to freshen up, change into clean clothes, mumble to my dad that I'd be with Carson, and then I had hurried back to Carson. I sighed as I ran my hands through my hair, my backpack on my shoulder, filled with some pajamas and beauty products for preparation of needing to stay the night with Carson. I wouldn't dare leave him in the house on his own. He needed company. Most importantly, he needed his girlfriend. I was just walking to his bedroom, when the bathroom door opened down the hall, I froze and turned to look at Carson to find him just walking out, water droplets trickling down his body from a hot shower, steam leaving the room, and a towel draped around his waist dangerously low. My heart began slamming continuously against my chest as my breath caught in my throat. I had never seen Carson topless before. And let's just say...I wasn't expecting how well the sight was. He was toned just enough for his lean body-build. But it made him...all the more attractive. Attractive to the point that I found myself blushing hard. He had froze, a handtowel to the back of his wet hair as his eyes fell on me. He read my face and a small, knowing smile stretched across his lips. \"Uhm...\" Awkward. What do I say? He was chuckling as he walked over to me, passing me as he walked into his bedroom. I was frozen. He closed the door before me, but he left it open by a crack. I heard him open his drawers, I heard the sound of rustling fabric... Then the door opened. Carson wore only his pajama pants, which, like his towel, were hanging from his waist dangerously low. \"What?\" he asked as I felt him grab my wrist and pull me inside. \"I...uhm...\" \"You're flustered.\" He looked proud. Then his face turned serious. \"Angel...I need to tell you something. And if I make you uncomfortable of any sort, let me know,\" he said softly. It was just sunset, shining in his room. He had no lights on, but there was a small need for his nightstand's lamp to be turned on for how dark it was. I could still see everything, though. And maybe that was what terrified me after what Carson said next. \"I want you.\" For a moment, I was paralyzed by shock. He wanted me. He wanted me. Like that . And to know that someone, even Carson , wanted me like that, I didn't know whether to be filled with glee or...what. \"I want you too,\" I murmured. He reached forward and unzipped my hoodie slowly, slipping it off and leaving me in my tank top. I had kicked off my sneakers earlier. My breath had hitched and I began shaking when he leaned in and kissed me hard, pinning me to the door behind me. That night, my boyfriend Carson took my virginity. And it was the happiest day of my life. 3 Months Later... A loud laugh erupted from me when I felt the warm water of the ocean hit my side. I looked over at Carson, who was laughing that beautiful laugh I loved. He had his hands in the water, giving me proof that he had just splashed me. Part of my hair was now wet, but I didn't mind. I was too worried about getting my bangs out of my face to realize that Carson was making his way over to me. Just as a wave came in to hit against my hip, he had wrapped his arms around me and twirled me around in the water. We laughed together. He set me back down, my feet sinking into the warm sand. I turned around and immediately captured his lips quickly, teasingly, as I soon leaned back and laughed again. He wrapped an arm around me and pulled me to him, pecking the tip of my nose. \"I love you,\" I heard him murmur. Since he took me those months before, I had heard him tell me that constantly. \"I love you too.\" I tapped his nose as I pulled away from him giggling as I headed for shore. \"And don't you forget it!\" I yelled at him, turning around to see him standing where I had left him, laughing with a big, toothy grin that made his eyes crinkle up. When we decided to dry in the sun, we had grabbed our towels from his car and found our own little spot. We laid out our towels, helped each other with our sunscreens, and then sat down, just talking like we did at times like this. Groups, couples, and children populated the beach that day. The sun was high in the sky, sending a scorching heat into the atmosphere. Carson had a whole case of water bottles stashed in his trunk. \"Angel,\" Carson started. I looked over at him as I put on my sunglasses, smiling. \"You are the best thing that's ever happened to me,\" he said softly as he reached out and took my sunglasses off, his eyes boring into mine. I laughed out of joy and put my hand on his thigh. I did that whenever I was happy with things he told me and I had nothing else to say. He never minded. I used my free hand to take my sunglasses back from him, tossing them to the sand by the tote bag with our water bottles and sunscreen. We had brought a small radio with us (how typical, right?) and it was playing the local station. \"I was so unhappy before I met you.\" 'Stay' by Rihanna was playing. How ironic. And just near the part that was the most ironic about this conversation. I laughed, tackling him down and singing along with the words to him. \" Not really sure how to feel about it. Something in the way you move, makes me feel like I can't live without you. Oh, it takes me all the way. I want you to stay. Ohhhh...the reason I hold on... \" He smirked and sang the next part. \" Ohhhh...'cause I need this hole gone. \" He turned us over so he was above me now. We laughed as we sang the next verse together. \" Funny you're the broken one, but I'm the only one who needed saving. 'Cause when you never see the light, it's hard to know which one of us is caving .\" Carson had such a beautiful voice. He leaned down and pressed his lips to mine before tumbling over beside me, now taking up my towel. We turned our heads and looked at each other and smiled. \"You saved me,\" he murmured as he reached over and stroke my cheek. I shook my head, taking his hand that was resting against my cheek, holding it to my heart. \"We saved each other,\" I corrected him. A/N : A special drabble will be put up soon for Carson and Angel. But the drabble will be rated M for sexual content, if you wish to read it. I'm mostly just putting it up for my own amusement. ","Summary":" A/N: I just got done watching Struck By Lightning and let me say. Chris Colfer was perfection in th"}]