[{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Good food is like music you can taste","Author":"Miss Taggart Transcontinental","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12382376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Something random I found in my documents folder. Based on headcanon. I do not own Ratatouille or it's characters; I just play in their universe. Skinner had been late, and it was Horst who had greeted them that morning. By the look on his face, Lalo had immediately known something was wrong. \"The Chef is gone,\" Horst said simply. He saw La Rousse's mouth drop open and Pompidou's eyes widen. There was a momentary shocked silence. He glanced at the girl. She was still for a moment. Then, she gave an anguished, strangled cry that sounded like something between a sob and a scream. When she turned and ran from the building, nobody tried to stop her. No one had ever seen Colette Tatou cry. ","Summary":" A/N: Something random I found in my documents folder. Based on headcanon. I do not own Ratatouille "},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"My Lovely Wife","Author":"DisneyFan2002","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12872685","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello, my lovely readers! And yes, I wrote something new! You see, in the past couple weeks, I've been kind of obsessed with the movie Ratatouille, and I figured out that there wasn't really a full story about Django's wife. So I decided to write this one-shot for you all if you are familiar with the movie. This is the longest I have ever written, and I put effort into it, so yeah. Also, this is my first one-shot so please don't put hate comments. And FYI, this story takes place before the events of Ratatouille. So without further ado, let's get in with the story! Disclaimer: I do not own Ratatouille. It is owned by Disney/Pixar. Somewhere in France in a village, there was a small cottage where an old lady once lived. The old lady was named Mabel, and she was a food lover. She loved to cook and plus, she loved to watch cooking shows. She also admired Chefs because she believed that they are the best cooks in the world. Mabel especially loved Chef Gusteau, which she believed was one of the best cooks in France. The old lady loved him so much, that she even got his cookbook to make recipes. Right now, she was sleeping in her chair, softly snoring. There was then a noise above her ceiling. It sounded like some animal was crawling in there. Well, that's because it was, a rat to be exact; a whole bunch of rats. Mabel was completely unaware that there was a whole colony of rats up there. They had lived in her attic for months now, and they had been learning how to live there. The clan was quite well living in there now, and during those months, they were eating, sleeping, and storing food. The colony also listened and respected their clan leader, Django. He was a middle-aged rat who had two sons named Remy and Emile. He also had a wife, but sadly, she died when their sons were little kids. Oh, how he missed his wife. Emile, his oldest son, walked up to him with a piece of cheese in his jaws. He shook his pudgy brown body to get dirt off him before saying between muffles, \"Hey, Dad. I found this piece of cheese next to the trash can. Where can I put it at?\" \"You can put it in the pile over there, son,\" he replied, pointing his head to a small pile of food. \"Alright, thanks.\" He scampered over there and placed it down. He then licked his jaws at the other food in the pile. The pile has consisted of sweet, creamy cheese, grapes, and small pieces of bread. Emile loved food, and he would eat anything, even trash. Django chuckled. \"Okay, Emile, you can eat. But only one piece will do, okay?\" \"Okay, thanks, Dad!\" Emile immediately grabbed a piece of bread and devoured it. Django chuckled again. He loved his son, he loved both of his sons. Emile had his mother's fur color, and it reminded Django of her. \"Desiree...\" he said softly. He truly missed his beloved wife. She was so beautiful to him. Her brown fur reminded him of a good, soft chocolate chip cookie, and her gorgeous brown eyes complimented her fur. The older rat slowly closed his eyes as he reminisced. Django was in his mid-to-late 20's. He had his lovely wife and his beautiful 3-year-old son, Emile. They were living in an average human family's home, but right now, they were in the woods not too far from the family's home. Django nuzzled his wife gently, softly bruxing. His wife's soft brown fur was touching his gray fur. Desiree giggled. Her giggle was light and soft, like a feather floating in the wind. \"Oh, Django, you are so sweet. I love it when you do that to me.\" Her husband stopped and also giggled. \"Well, you are my wife, darling. Why wouldn't I do that to you?\" \"Oh, I don't know. But I do know one thing though.\" \"What is it?\" Django asked. \"I know that you are the most handsome rat in the world.\" She nuzzled his cheek, every individual strand of fur was interacting with her husband's. Django blushed a bit. \"Oh Desiree , there are tons of male rats out there. I am definitely not.\" \"Oh yes, you are too. And that's a fact.\" Desiree gave her husband a quick lick on the cheek. Django blushed harder before cuddling up with her. \"You are so sweet, my love.\" Desiree placed her head on his chest. She then heard a small squeak. \"Eww! Mommy, Daddy, are you gonna kiss?\" Emile asked in disgust. His mother giggled. \"That's what Mommies and Daddies do, sweetie.\" \"Well it's yucky!\" the little rat exclaimed, crossing his small arms in the process. Desiree just smiled and tickled his rounded belly. Emile laughed loudly. \"Mommy! T-that tickles!\" Django giggled, watching. Desiree looked at her little son with her beautiful brown eyes. \"You know, honey, one day you will learn to like girls.\" \"No I won't!\" he protested. Django playfully shook his head. \"You got a lot to learn son, but just know that the only girl rat you love is Mommy. Okay?\" \"Okay!\" Emile's stomach then grumbled. \"Sounds like somebody's hungry!\" Desiree nudged him gently, which made him chuckle. \"Let's all go back to the house to get something to eat. The family will be back from their trip in a couple of days.\" And so, the small rat family crawled their way back to the family's home. Django eventually went back to reality, only to find his youngest son, Remy in front of his eyes. \"Uh, Dad, are you okay?\" he asked concernedly \"Huh? Oh yes, son, I'm okay.\" \"Okay. I just want to ask you when lunch is ready.\" \"Lunch can be ready now. Go tell your brother.\" Remy nodded and started to walk away. He then stopped mid-walk when he heard his dad call his name. \"Yes, Dad?\" \"I love you.\" Remy was kind of taken aback. Sure, he knows his dad loves him, but he hadn't heard those words come out of his mouth in a long time, possibly not since his mom died. \"Aww, Dad.\" Remy hugged him. \"I love you too.\" Django patted his son's back and smiled. Remy broke apart from the hug and padded away to his brother. Django stood there for a moment, taking account on what he just said. He wasn't exactly the sweet type, so it kind of surprised him that he said that. Then again, he wanted to say that because he was so lucky that he and his wife had produced two beautiful sons. The clan leader then walked off to tell his rats that it was time to eat. After lunch, Django groomed himself. He licked his paws a bit and quickly rubbed his paws up and down his face. He also rubbed his paws quickly against his muzzle and nipped his arms gently. He did this for a few more minutes. Meanwhile, Remy was outside, enjoying the summer breeze. As the wind blew, every hair on his little body moved. Remy thought that that felt good, and he sighed contently. He suddenly frowned. He felt like he was missing something or someone... \"Mom,\" he said softly. He really didn't remember her too much, as she died when he was only 2-years-old. But he did know that he was heartbroken when his dad told him and Emile the news when they were a bit older. Remy then felt the sudden urge to ask his dad what he knew about her. He went off to find him. Django was drinking some water out of a small bowl until he heard his son. \"Dad?\" Remy said. His father looked at him. \"Yes, Remy?\" \"What do you know, well... about Mom?\" Django's eyes widened a little. He stared at his son for a second before replying, \"Well, she was really beautiful. The prettiest rat I had ever met. Also, she loved to sing and tell stories to you and your brother. Especially before bedtime. I loved her for that. Otherwise, she was sweet, kind, smart, and beautiful.\" Remy nodded a bit. \"Do you miss her, Dad?\" \"Very much. But at least I have you and your brother.\" Remy gave his dad a small smile. Django smiled back at him. \"Oh, I remember when you were in your mother's belly. Me, your brother, and your mother were really excited for you to be born.\" It was a sunny day. They were currently in the attic of the human family's home. Django sat next to his wife, eyeing lovingly at her. Desiree was in her later stages of pregnancy with her second child. Her belly was rounded. She giggled. \"What is it, Django?\" \"I just want to say that you are beautiful,\" her husband replied. Desiree giggled softly. \"Oh, Django.\" She slowly walked up to him due to her pregnant stomach and nuzzled him, bruxing a bit. Django bruxed as well. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" She snuggled him. Django's smile immediately turned into a worried frown when he heard his wife gasp. \"Desiree! Honey, are you okay? Is the baby coming?\" His wife's paw went to her belly. \"No. The baby's moving around quite a lot.\" Django gently placed his ear on his wife's stomach. He heard his unborn son move in there. He smiled, knowing that he will come into this world soon. \"I can't wait until he's born.\" Django kissed her belly. \"Me neither. Emile is gonna be such a good big brother.\" Desiree grinned. Speaking of Emile, the 3-year-old rat went up to them. \"Mommy, Daddy, what are you doing?\" Desiree looked at her son. \"I felt your baby brother move in my tummy. Wanna feel?\" Emile nodded excitedly. He placed his little pink paw on his mommy's stomach. He then felt movement. The little rat gasped. \"I can feel him!\" His parents exchanged glances to each other. They were always happy when their son gets excited about stuff. \"Hi, baby brother,\" Emile said to her belly. \"This is your big brother, Emile. I can't wait to see you and play with you.\" \"Aww,\" Desiree said. Emile rubbed her tummy a bit. \"Mommy? What you gonna name him?\" \"Your father and I have been loving the name Remy,\" she responded. \"Remy's a nice name! I like it!\" Emile smiled. \"Remy it is then,\" Django said. Django looked at his beloved son and smiled. \"I am so glad to have you as my son.\" \"And I'm so glad to have you as my father.\" Remy rubbed against him. Django bruxed a bit before saying, \"Now run along and do something.\" \"Okay, Dad.\" He began to run off to chat with a few of his clanmates. It was night time and the colony had just finished dinner. Remy was grooming himself a bit until he decided to get some dessert. He was really craving something sweet. The rat walked up to a small food pile to see if it had any dessert. Unfortunately, it didn't. \"Well... I guess I have to go in the kitchen then,\" he said. His dad usually didn't allow him to be in the kitchen, but he really wanted something sweet though. Remy sneakily went in the kitchen, trying his best to not get caught. Mabel was watching TV, so his chances of getting caught were slim. Remy sniffed, using his good pink nose of his. He sniffed around until he smelled some chocolate chip cookies. The cookies were on the pan on the stove. Smiling, Remy quietly went to the stove. He examined the cookies. The sweet tasting cookies appeared to be a bit big for him, so he grabbed one with both of his little paws. He grunted a little. He tried his best to walk with two legs with a big cookie in his paws. The rat wobbled a bit towards the window. Thank goodness he made it there on time because Mabel was beginning to get up from her chair. Remy got outside before looking back. \"Phew! That was close!\" Remy got back in the attic. He then saw his dad with a mad look on his face. Uh oh... Here comes trouble, he thought. \"Remy! Where on earth did you get that delicious cookie from? It looks too good to be trash!\" Django said. \"Dad, I'm sorry! I was craving something sweet, so I went in the kitchen!\" \"What?! Remy! How many times do I have to tell you to stay out of the kitchen?\" \"Dad! It was only for one time!\" \"Don't talk back to me, boy. You're grounded for a week.\" \"What?! Dad, that's not fair!\" Remy yelled. \"You disobeyed me. Now get ready for bed.\" Django padded away. Remy sighed. He walked to an old couch where Mabel decided to store in the attic. He hopped on to it and groomed himself. \"Desiree. You don't have to do this. Please let me go with you,\" Django begged. \"Honey, I can do this by myself. Remy and Emile need someone to watch over them,\" Desiree responded. The rat family was living in a different human family's home. The previous family kept on storing stuff in the attic, and the rat family was feeling a little crowded, making them move. Right now, Desiree wanted to get some food out of the kitchen to feed her family, but her husband felt like it was too dangerous for her to go out by herself without him being with her. But family was more important to her, so she felt like she needed to go. \"Are you sure you will be okay?\" Django asked. \"I'll be fine, dear. Go watch Remy and Emile.\" 2-year-old Remy and 5-year-old Emile were playing tag together. They laughed, having a good time. \"Alright. Please be careful.\" \"I will.\" Desiree went out of the attic. Django watched her leave before keeping an eye on Remy and Emile. Desiree sneakily went into the kitchen, trying to make her movements light and not so loudly. The female rat searched around for some fruit, deciding that will be best for her family to lunch on. Desiree was completely unaware that one of the house's residents, a wife, was about to go to the kitchen to get lunch. \"Hey, do you want me to help you make lunch?\" her husband asked. \"That will be helpful, thank you,\" she replied. The couple began to walk to the kitchen. Desiree's mouth was full of grapes. The grapes' stem was in her jaws. Her ears immediately perked up when she heard footsteps. She ran as fast as she could to the attic, but she fell off the counter on to the kitchen's green and white tiled floors. \"Okay, kids, I'm getting worried for your mommy. You guys behave, okay? Emile, look out for your brother,\" Django said. \"Okay, Daddy,\" Emile said. He suddenly heard a scream. \"Daddy! What that?\" little Remy said. \"Oh no! Desiree!\" Django quickly sprang into action. He ran as fast as he could. Desiree's feet were trapped in a mousetrap. She was so distracted on getting back to the attic, that she didn't see it. \"Desiree!\" he exclaimed, running towards her. \"Django help! I'm stuck!\" she cried. \"Don't worry, honey! I'll help you get out of there,\" he said. Unfortunately for Django though, the human couple saw the scene. The wife was about to scream, but her husband stopped her. \"Stay calm. I'll call the animal control.\" He went to the phone and dialed quickly. His wife saw grapes that Desiree was carrying on the ground. \"John! The rat tried to steal food from the kitchen!\" \"Don't worry. The animal control will get rid of the rat and kill it. Also, the other rat.\" The rat couple gasped in shock. Desiree broke down in tears. \"Oh, Django, what are we gonna do?\" \"Desiree, don't cry. I will try to get you out of there.\" Unlucky for him though, he didn't have enough time to get Desiree out of the mousetrap, as John's wife was too engulfed in the rats. \"John, pick up the mousetrap. I think the other rat wants to help the rat escape.\" \"No!\" Django cried. John hung up and he picked up the mousetrap. Poor Desiree was terrified, her body shaking. \"Desiree!\" Django shouted. Eventually, the animal control came. One of the humans held the mousetrap. \"We will get rid and expose the rat in no time,\" he said. \"Alright, thank you,\" John said. Django was hiding under the human couple's couch, avoiding being caught. \"Come on guys,\" the animal control worker said. Django went out of his hiding spot. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. His beloved wife was taken away from him and was about to be gone forever. He was gonna miss her sweet voice, her laugh, and all of the other things that made her into the rat Django knew and love. The animal control crew went out of the front door, making Django's last moment to see his beautiful wife. \"DESIREE!\" he yelled heartbrokenly. Django woke up, petrified. He looked around the attic frantically. The poor rat couldn't take it anymore. Tears leaked out of his eyes. The rat that he had known since childhood, the love of his life, was gone. She was only trying to feed her family. That moment right there, truly showed how much she loved them. Django's crying made Remy wake up. \"Dad?\" he said. \"Oh, son,\" Django said between crying. \"I miss her so much.\" Remy instantly knew what he was talking about, and he hugged his father. \"Shh. It's okay, Dad. I'm here,\" he said gently. Django wiped his tears and sniffled. \"Your mother loved you and Emile so much. She... she was the perfect wife and mother.\" Remy placed a paw on to his dad's paw. \"Mom would have been so proud of you for taking such good care of us. Without you, we wouldn't have such a good life.\" His dad smiled. \"You're right, Remy. At least she's in a better place now.\" Remy nuzzled his dad lovingly. \"I love you, Dad.\" Django hugged him. \"I love you too, son.\" Emile woke up and yawned. He saw his dad and brother. \"Hey, what's going on?\" he said sleepily. \"Emile, go back to sleep, son,\" Django told him. Emile yawned again and went back to sleep. \"Oh, by the way, Remy, I'm sorry for being hard on you earlier. You are no longer grounded.\" \"Really? Oh thanks, Dad!\" Remy hugged him again. Django chuckled a bit before yawning. \"Let's go back to bed.\" \"Alright. Night, Dad.\" Remy curled up next to him. \"Good night, son.\" Django snuggled up to him and he fell asleep. Django managed to have a peaceful sleep without having to think about his wife. Desiree had an amazing family and she will always be remembered by them in their hearts. ","Summary":" A/N: Hello, my lovely readers! And yes, I wrote something new! You see, in the past couple weeks, I"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"A Diamond Under the Root","Author":"Punzie the Platypus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12617129","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Ratatouille. When you take a vacation, you go away to relax and get away from the hectic busyness of real life, right? That's what other people (and in turn, rats) did. Remy, Linguini, and Colette, on the other hand, couldn't stay relaxed and lazy for even a couple of days. Well, Linguini could. His ideal vacation would be at the beaches and casinos of Barcelona—a drink in one hand, Colette on his arm, a week chockful of gambling, cards, poolside chairs, and no busy schedules, and no work whatsoever. However, he let Colette and Remy decide where they'd spent their week off from the bistro. He figured that they liked planning stuff; they'd plan a much better vacation than he ever could. Of course, when he put his fate into their hands, he didn't count on their choices being so . . . not vacation-y. Which is why he found himself waking up at six in the morning (just like on work days—which wasn't a good sign) and, yawning, tying the shoelaces to his hiking boots. Remy, on the other hand, had already made up the little bed they'd made up for him on the windowsill, and was pulling up the blind to welcome in the crack of sunrise over Périgord, France. The open window showed off a magnificent, beautiful landscape, full of wintering trees, sparse yellow grasses covered with snow, of beautiful morning sky. Remy drank it in like a strengthening wine, and sighed heavily, but contentedly. Linguini stood up and yawned into his sleeve again as he leaned against the window. \"Looks like a beautiful day, Little Chef. If we find that truffle you're after, this trip might actually be worthwhile.\" Remy rolled his eyes and leapt down. Linguini didn't entertain the hopes and dreams he and Colette had cultivated since the lightning bolt moment it occurred to them both that they had to spend their vacation down in Périgord, France, and hire a pig, and find truffles. Er, truffle . If they found a single truffle, it would be worth every expense and sacrifice. Linguini locked up their inn room and almost hit Colette in the chest as he turned away from the door and quickly became face-to-face with her. \"Ah! Um, good morning,\" he said. She backed up, a little disconcerted, and Remy raced up to Linguini's shoulder, ready to play peacemaker if need be. \"How did you sleep?\" Linguini inquired. \"Just fine. Five hours is all I need.\" Colette wore jeans and a thick scarlet sweater under her heavy winter's coat and hat. It was nice being out of a chef's uniform for once. Colette straightened and said, \"We must hurry. All the truffle-hunters are already ahead of us!\" Linguini sighed and let her grab his arm and drag him down the stairs. He'd rather sit back with a cup of thick hot chocolate in front of the roaring hearth and have a gentle, romantic conversation with Colette before they went outside and learned how to ski. Instead they were racing outside into the cobblestoned lined streets to a bakery for a quick bite before they took a taxi out to the farm to get the pig they'd hired. Yeah. They'd hired a pig. Linguini had looked concerned when Colette brought this up as a travel expense. \"Truffles grow under the roots of oak and poplar trees, in the ground . Unless you have a plan to dig up around every tree in Périgord's forest, we're hiring a sow.\" Linguini had looked at Remy for some confirmation of this weird idea; it didn't help when Remy nodded understandingly, as if this was all perfectly natural and normal. Less than half an hour later Linguini found himself holding a leash to a grey-patched pink sow. She sniffed at Remy, who stroked her nose and talked to her in his own little language (could all animals talk to each other? Did they share the same language or did they just get the general gist of what the other was saying? Linguini groaned). Some pretty weird stuff had already happened in his life. He'd been hired as a garbage boy in a 3-star restaurant that his biological father had owned before he died in infamy, then became best friends with a rat, then became the owner of this super-successful restaurant that got shut down by a health inspector, and then became the owner of an even more successful bistro, while also getting the girl of his dreams. Yeah, a lot of weird stuff. But renting a sow to sniff around snow-drifts on his vacation was definitely up on the top-ten list. Definitely not one of his first thoughts about what he wanted to do on this vacation. \"Her name is Greta,\" Colette told him. She crouched in front of the sow and offered her an apple, which she snuffled and then greedily guzzled. Linguini sighed a little. \"Greta. The pig's name is Greta.\" Colette straightened and put her hands on her hips. Cocking her head, she said, \"What? You're best friends with a rat. Who are you to judge?\" \"Hey, you know, that's true,\" Linguini said apologetically. She smiled teasingly at him, and he relaxed a little, and they set off on their quest. They walked past the boundaries of the farm they rented Greta from and entered the deep, dark, snow-fermented forests of Périgord. Here lay a land rich with this rare treasure. \"So, do we have any idea what we're doing?\" Linguini wondered. \"I mean, we have the pig and the right spot, right, but where do we go from there?\" \"Last night I talked to some other truffle-hunters in the inn's lounge. They said they've found a couple of truffles down more in the southeastern part of this forest. We're heading in that direction.\" Linguini thought that the term 'truffle-hunters' insinuated that they were hunting down some dangerous live animal that could run away from them, not some stanky-looking expensive fungus growing along some disgorging tree roots. He wisely kept his wry observations to himself, to save himself from several narrow-eyed glares from his girlfriend. He also didn't want to ruin Colette's or Remy's experiences. The two were fairly dancing as they entertained the fantastic idea of finding the buried treasure. They were pirates intent on finding X marks the spot. \"This is such an exciting life! Gosh, I envy you. Imagine waking up each day to the challenge of finding a truffle! Oh! The adrenaline, the excitement, the tension, the suspense!\" Remy gesticulated with his paws so violently Greta looked concerned. \"Yes, I know it looks fun. Really, it is tiresome. You can walk all day along the snow-covered ground and still not find anything. Sticking your snout into snow drifts, losing the scent with all this dampness—so cold! All I want to do sometimes is go sleep in my sty and never go out again,\" Greta told Remy in her rough French accent. \"But the possibilities! Have you ever cooked with a truffle?\" Greta gave Remy a look. \"Well, it's great. You treat it like you're cooking pure gold. It's like this precious little treasure you treat with respect. Oh, imagine cooking the truffle you found with your own bare paws!\" \"Hey, I'm the one looking for the truffle here,\" Greta pointed out. \"I know, I know,\" Remy said quickly. \"I have full faith in your abilities, Greta. Oh, I just can't wait until we find it!\" Greta cast him a sidewise glance. So excited, so built-up, so sure of her. \"I hope for your sake, monsieur, I find one,\" she said. The unlikely combination of humans and animals trooped across the snow-strewn stretch of forest. It was a gorgeous day, if unseasonably cold. For November, they preferred a temperature of maybe 50 degrees Fahrenheit. It was 32 degrees today. Greta snuffled like she had a cold. \"Is she okay?\" Linguini wondered. \"It's kinda cold. What if she has a stuffed nose? You don't think that'll hamper her smelling abilities, do—do you?\" \"The farmer reassured me she's his best. She'll find one,\" Colette said. She looked ahead of them to see a couple of random pairs of well-bundled truffle-hunters shuffling about; she scoffed. \"We'll beat them.\" \"If they were here ahead of us, how come they didn't get the farmer's best sow?\" Linguini wondered. Was this a helpless, hopeless mission built on a hopeful dream without a dream pig to back it up? Colette rubbed her thumb against her fingers in a money-giving gesture. \"I called ahead. Made a few arrangements, got us the best of the best. You know how we get the best bread for La Ratatouille. I know how to get the best sow for the best truffle for La Ratatouille.\" \"Money's a universal language,\" Linguini said understandingly. \"Everyone seems to understand it,\" Colette said lightly, pocketing her gloved hands and blowing out a steamy cloud. Linguini wrapped an arm around her covered shoulders and she snuggled against him as Greta pulled them ahead with a great pull on her leash. \"Wait, do you have something?\" Remy wondered, skipping and leaping over little potholes of snow to keep up with Greta. He began to regret refusing Linguini's offer of hanging out in his coat pocket. The ground was literally freezing and Greta's pace was faster, seeing as she went on four legs instead of two. Greta put her head up and sniffed the air like a bloodhound. Then she planted her sniffer against the ground and scurried ahead. \"I do! I do! You're gonna get your truffle, Remy!\" She inhaled every inch of the ground ahead of her, not noticing the pine needles and pine cones and dead leaves she uncovered. Linguini, surprised by her sudden spurt of speed, let go of Colette so he could keep a firm grip with both hands on the leash. Colette hurried to keep up with them. Greta's eyes were on the ground, her snout eating up every tidbit of scent of the truffle's trail. She could run into a tree and barely notice the bump in her head. Linguini guided her through the forest as they sped past the other pairs of truffle-hunters. Colette's face was a mix of serious intent on finishing their quest, and excitement. A real wild truffle! Quelle une idée excitante! She could hardly stand the giggle in her throat and the thumping-beat of her heart. Greta led them to a dark alcove of trees in the forest. Right up to the tallest oak in a ring, she stepped over its many slithering roots until she happened upon the end of the road. She stopped stepping over the hurdles and settled on this particular root. She ran along its length, dragging Linguini and causing him to stumble. Colette jumped and Remy hurried down the root. Greta abruptly stopped and dug away with her hooves. \"Linguini, pull her back! She will damage the truffle—or worse, eat it!\" Colette said. Linguini did so, amid Greta's squeals and kicks. \"It's under some leaves! These stupid humans,\" she scoffed, \"thinking me capable of harming my life's work! Remy, Remy, uncover the truffle!\" Remy instantly leapt into action. Colette stood back as he poked and prodded with his paws through the mixture of rotting leaves, soil, and tree bark. Then, alongside the root, almost hidden right under it, he stopped and stood back and stopped breathing. His heartbeat came thudding back into focus as he stood as still as a statue, staring at that beautiful, priceless truffle. The ring of encroaching trees was ignored as a spotlight of white light hit this truffle. Was that an angel chorus? Whatever it was, it was a miracle. There was their sought-after treasure. Through the cold and muck and an odd vacation stood a masterpiece. It was a wrinkled little ball covered in what looked like soft yet hard little pebbles. It was not flawless. Remy could see a tiny spot where the skin was torn, revealing the geode-ish grey inside. He could practically taste its exquisite earthy taste. Colette knelt next to the root, murmuring soft French in amazement. \"It's like a rare diamond.\" Linguini and Greta stopped pulling in different directions. Greta grinned and said, \"There's your truffle, Remy. Enjoy.\" Remy and Colette met eyes. Their foodie hearts were mutual. She waved a gloved hand to it. \"You and Greta found it. You pick it.\" Remy gently plucked the dirty truffle from its spot under the root. He held it in his paws like it was a diamond. It was about the size of an egg—not bad for their first hunt. \"Quick, quick, we must take it back to the cabin. We must get back to La Ratatouille!\" Colette announced. Linguini became un-dumbstruck from the diamond. \"Wait, what? Go back to Paris? But we just got here! We've got a week left here!\" \"The truffle is only good for the next two or three days. Any day after that is an insult to the quality of such a revered fungus,\" Colette said defensively, looking at him in surprise for not considering the shelf life of a freshly picked truffle as first-priority. \"So we have to go home immediately? I-I thought we were going to go skiing, and go ice-skating, and snuggle up by the fire with hot chocolate. I thought we were here to be together. . . But you just came here for the truffle.\" \"We all came here for the truffle! We know that as chefs even vacations are business trips. Our vacations are pervaded by the idea of food—restaurants to visit, vineyards to explore, truffles to hunt!\" Colette declared. Linguini looked hurt. \"I'm not a chef. So that may be it for you, but not for me.\" He sighed and Colette tried to be impassive even as she felt bad for pushing him aside. \"Do you have the box I told you to bring, to store the truffle?\" she said, looking through her hair at the ground, not meeting his eyes. Linguini sighed again. \"Yeah, I do.\" He reached into his coat pocket, dug around for a minute, and brought out a box. Only he'd brought out the wrong box. One could guess that he brought two boxes, each for a distinct purpose, and took out the wrong one at the wrong time. See, he had a little brown box for the truffle—a convenient, little dark place for it to stay. The other box in his pocket was a ring box. Of course now he accidentally brought out the ring box. Remy's eyes went wide—he'd traipsed through enough bowels and alleys and attics of Paris to recognize what that meant. He'd seen a few proposals on the barge he liked to ride on Sunday afternoons. He almost dropped the truffle. Colette looked at Remy's weirded-out face and looked up. She gasped and covered her mouth with her hands and looked up at Linguini. Linguini was looking back at from whence they came, figuring out how long it would take to repack his bags at the inn. Would the taxi ride back to the airport be weird, with him and Colette fighting? Man, what a vacation— Colette scoffed. What was he staring off in the distance for? Idiot! \"What is the meaning of this?\" she said, just to get his attention. His big eyes swiveled around to her angry face. \"The meaning of what?\" he wondered. \"'The meaning of what?' You think me an idiot? Is this a joke? You are surely treating it like a joke! Can't even look me in the eyes and you spring out a ring box!\" Colette smashed past him, shy just of slapping him. She ignored the tears in her eyes and the hitching in her throat as she torn past him, running through the uneven forest floor back to the farm. \"What'd I do? Wait, Colette! What did I do?!\" Linguini recovered his balance and looked at Remy and Greta for help. \"Guys, what did I do?\" Remy and Greta both stared at the ring, then back at him, then back at the ring. Linguini stared at them, then at the ring, then back at them. \"Oh, that was a mistake. That was bad timing! I meant this to be a romantic vacation! Sorry, Little Chef, I gotta run!\" Linguini's legs were faster than his voice. He was after Colette before he could finish speaking. He yelled over his shoulder, already outside the ring of pine trees, \"Go back to the inn. Meet you at the lounge's hearth!\" He disappeared with the sounds of echoed \"Colette!\" and general crashing about the forest trailing after him. Once complete silence reigned in the wintry forest, Remy and Greta looked at each other. \"I guess I'm carrying this truffle by itself,\" Remy said ruefully. \"Do I want to know what just happened?\" Greta wondered. Remy sighed, then chuckled ruefully as he wrapped up his dirty truffle in the driest leaves he could find. \"I can try explaining it, but even I barely understand it.\" Remy was sipping a hot chocolate on the stones in front of the hearth. Next to him, under his arm, he kept his truffle close. He heard a great shout of laughter and goofy chuckling coming from the front door. He stood up as in stumbled two snow-covered figures. They dusted themselves off just as Linguini found his little friend. \"Little Chef! Little Chef!\" he called. Remy watched in suspense as the two sauntered over to him. They were a linked pair; arms over each other, inseparable. Remy knew the answer when both looked at him with grins. \"Wellllll, Little Chef,\" Linguini giggled, barely able to speak. So Colette slipped off her glove and let her engagement ring speak for him. \"It's even more beautiful and precious than that truffle,\" she said proudly. Which was saying a lot, given how much she and Remy wanted that truffle. \"We are going to stay here for a few days longer. But say, I have an idea. I'll talk to the chef of this inn. See if we can put that truffle to good use here.\" Remy decided that in the end, that was a good idea. He gave them an affirmative nod, then clapped in congratulations. He couldn't think of a better way to celebrate this precious truffle than to make delicious dishes for his best friends in this cozy inn in Périgord, celebrating the best day of their lives. Thanks for reading! Review? ","Summary":" Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Ratatouille. When you take a vacation, you go away to rela"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Ratatoing: A Memoir Chapter 1","Author":"GregTheMouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12225723","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ratatoing: A Memoir Chapter 1 \"Greg! Come inside, Greg, it's Thursday night!\" The voice reverberated off of the cold street and into my ears, which are very big. Carol stood shrouded in the doorway, her slick figure barely caressing the sides of the door, where she was standing. I looked over at her, then back up towards charcoal clouds cooked among the red and orange flames of the dying sun. A storm was coming and the winds were picking up. Marcel Said there was going to be a Cataclysm, something very bad on the horizon. All I knew was that I didn't get tipped enough tonight. I headed inside. Carol ushered me into the backroom of Ratatoing, our amazing restaurant. Ratatoing was founded by Marcel and myself many years ago. He used to be a relaxed mouse who would wax philosophy and culture and food with me as we came up with the freshest ingredients, but the stress took a toll on him. \"Greg, where have you been? We are gonna be late!\" Marcel stood tapping his foot on the ground, stirring the giant cauldron of food we use to cook all of our ingredients, which are the freshest. \"Sorry Marcel, but I wanted to make sure that Octavio locked up.\" Octavio was forgetful, but also one of the best damn waiters in all of Rio. He put to shame even Carol. \"Sure spent a long time outside…\" \"Precisely.\" \"now boys, we have a lot of work to do tonight, \" Carol said, her eyes glistening as the flame below the giant cauldron danced, \"We need to get ready for our heist. \" \"The Gorilla have mercy! I forgot that was tonight. Let me take my new chef hat off and get my night vision goggles on, \"Marcel said. We entered The White Void and I started to slip on my disguise ears. Ratatoing couldn't maintain its reputation as a fine culinary establishment without an edge on the competition. Mice around here had taste buds that were diverse as a map and as cutting edge as a huge knife that Is very sharp, like more than a sword that kills people. The competition was tough, but we had our ways. We steal food from the human restaurant, all under the nose of a cat who we pay off. We had some competition that tried to muscle us out of the action, but we sent them away to a lab to be tortured forever for science. After our documentary came out, many mice tried to steal food from our location but were devoured by the cat. \"Everything ok, Greg?\" Carol walked over to me, her hips gyrating up and down as she moved her legs up and down. Carol was always vibrant and in tune with feelings, unlike Marcel. \"Yah, everything is Ok. I just can't help but think about what Marcel was telling us earlier.\" \"What, about The Gorilla sending flying saucers to those who don't follow Marcel's teachings?\" \"yeah. Doesn't that frighten you? I don't want to be taken by flying saucers…\" Carol smiled at me and snapped on her helmet. \"Greg, Marcel is just joking. Don't take him so seriously.\" Marcel looked in our direction and then looked away. I wanted to tell him something, but I forgot what it was. We posed in The White Void, kicking and grunting and dancing and running. I'm not sure why we did what we did. I think it started as a joke, the adrenaline of stealing something not ours mixed with a sort of youthful playfulness. Now we were just compelled to do it. We told ourselves that it was born out of some sort of compulsion. We told ourselves that we had to do it because we were compelled. But beneath the veneer it was an absurd act, an empty gesture to a nonexistent god. We walked out of The White Void, sweaty and pumped up, and into the tunnel. I jogged up to Marcel and wrapped my arm around Marcel. \"What are we gonna get, buddy?\" \"What?\" \"I said, what are we going to get. For food.\" \"Oh right…\"Marcel looked off towards the blinding light of the human's kitchen ahead of us. \"I think we should focus on maybe getting some asparagus, I've always wanted to turn that into a soup.\" \"No strawberries?\" Marcel looked at me, and he smiled. \"No strawberries.\" The smile faded. \"It doesn't really matter what we get, to be honest. We can get rich off of selling mice dirt, if we wanted.\" \"That doesn't seem right.\" \"stealing isn't right greg. They shot a Gorilla in the north. That wasn't right. There are people who laugh and jest about me on my facebook, treating me like a joke. Laughing, laughing. None of that is right, Greg, but we have to remember that the world is like a spinning top perched on a pin needle- one sway of a new wind and it all comes tumbling down. The Gorilla told me this.\" \"How come I haven't ever seen this Gorilla?\" I said, scratching under my disguise ears. \"Have a little faith Greg. It goes a long way in the wasteland of existence.\" I stopped talking to Marcel and let my mind wander. It seemed so strange how the restaurant changed since our documentary. We were constantly swamped with customers who would stand outside our doors for hours, some even for days. Marcel was always a people pleaser as much as he was socially anxious. The two coming together wasn't great for him, and he would often spend time in the kitchen trying to make sense of his surroundings, breathing heavy into a paper bag. Carol was always there by his side, whispering into his large mouse ears. They were quite a pair, always together but never together, if that makes any sense. They were constantly tug of warring between romance and friendship, and I watched it all unfold. A After the documentary, Marcel began to obsess over facebook, trying to find a way to reach customers, but was met time and time again with a barrage of jokes and insults mocking him and his food. He was fine with the insults against him (sometimes it seemed like he didn't even register), rather, it was when people made fun of his food that he became angry. And this was all before the ghosts had taken over Ratatoing too. \"We're almost there, are you two ready?\" Carol asked from the back, her slender fingers delicately guiding her along the dark wall. Marcel looked back at both of us, and put down his night vision goggles. \"You ready Greg?\" I snapped my disguise ears comically. \"Precisely.\" ","Summary":" Ratatoing: A Memoir Chapter 1 \"Greg! Come inside, Greg, it's Thursday night!\" The voice reverbera"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Anyone Can Cook","Author":"IKindaWriteSometimes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12457514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Anyone Can Cook Colette sped recklessly away from the restaurant, hoping to outdistance the painful blow she had taken from Linguini. How could she have seen anything worthwhile in that gangly, awkward, red headed…boy?! Tears began to stream freely down her cheeks. She'd thought him different. She'd pegged him as unique. She'd hoped that maybe he and she could have…. Colette brushed angry tears away, trying to wipe away her train of thought along with them. A car horn blared at her. She looked up and had to squeeze her brakes hard to stop at a red light. Her motorcycle skidded dangerously and threatened to tip over onto the cobblestone street. She managed to stop before her bike slid into the busy intersection. A relieved sigh mingled with the anger and hurt she felt. Cars zipped past with lights that seemed too bright. So she turned her gaze away and instead looked to her left. The sale window of a small bookstore caught her eye. In it, she saw many books she already had read. A racy thriller, a boring autobiography, some fashion magazines, and…a Gusteau's Anyone Can Cook cookbook. Colette stared at the cookbook and its title. \"Anyone…can…cook…\" she murmured. Colette looked down in shame at the pavement. No one had believed she could cook. Her parents hadn't, her friends hadn't, and her culinary instructor hadn't. But Gusteau had. Even after her parents had scorned her; even after her friends had left her; EVEN when her instructor had failed her because she was a woman... Gusteau had given her a chance because he believed that anyone, could, cook. Colette swallowed the lump in her throat and decided that she would go back. She would go back and help Linguini. Not because she loved him. Not because she liked her work. Not even because she was concerned for the restaurant. She would go back because she was no hypocrite. Anyone could cook, and she would uphold the motto of the man who had believed in her when no one else had. She would believe that Linguini's rat could cook. ","Summary":" Anyone Can Cook Colette sped recklessly away from the restaurant, hoping to outdistance the painful"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"A Remy Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12221464","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Remy Poem A little blue rat who was born and raised in France He had a passion for creating delicious food He was called little chef by his human owner He was somewhat loved by his family And loved by a tiny group of humans Who believed in him and respected him for who he was And that was a rat who was a great little chef And his name was Remy ","Summary":" A Remy Poem A little blue rat who was born and raised in France He had a passion for creating delic"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Anyone Can Write","Author":"Punzie the Platypus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12455616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Ratatouille. I don't know what decade Ratatouille is set in, so we're just going with the fact that Remy's using a typewriter. :) There were many disadvantages to being a rat in the restaurant biz. Amongst other things like having to be specially approved by the city of Paris to even own a restaurant and being unable to reach the doorknob without a bit of gymnastics to open at seven in the morning, was not being able to talk to humans. Yes, the one thing Remy knew that was forbidden by rat laws he wanted to do the most. Oh, it was so frustrating! If only he could tell Colette to add a pinch of dried tarragon to the haddock instead of having to mime a spice or scamper across the entire spice cabinet to point out the right one. If only he could just say plainly to Linguini, 'Hey, I'll be out until eleven after work hanging out with my dad' instead of making him half anxious with worry as he stayed up half the night waiting for him to come home. Apparently all they heard when he spoke plain French was incessant squeaking. Brilliant. Remy knew it was a human's world and he needed to keep a spot in it or be trampled. He worked in his spare time on his French penmanship, which was hard on two counts: number one, spare time?! An insane luxury when you're the owner and executive chef of an insanely in-demand French bistro. If he could even get it when working fourteen-hour days six days a week, it was mostly spent in either ethereal sleeping bliss, or hanging out with the clan. They still held him to family obligation of Sunday dinner (which, you know, he cooked. Even on his off-day, he cooked). Second, one could only write so well when your easiest writing utensil was a thread of lead whittled from the slimmest pencil. He practiced when he could but supplies were thin and his tiny paws weren't in his favor. It just wasn't a practical way to communicate with Linguini and Colette, even when they could read his tiny, tiny messages. His inability to communicate, while frustrating, was inevitable, and thus he and his two human friends worked their way around it day-to-day. Who had time to roll their eyes over squeaking when they had a lunch rush with three fish en paipillotes, two deconstructed coq-au-vins, and three roasted spring parsnip soups with saffron oil and Brie tuiles to get out in less than fifteen minutes because they had to turn over five tables? No one did. Showing and squeaking was all he could do. Still, it all culminated one day when Remy'd made a French butter sauce with parsley and saffron and Colette, under a misunderstanding, poured it over the pear-and-Grueyre risotto instead of over the pickled pigs-feet and honey-raddichio saute. There erupted such an argument in horror between these two. Linguini stood outside their tiny office nervously, peeking through a crack in the door but not daring to go in. They had a lunch rush and a line three abreast, ten deep down the lane, and he was the only waiter, and he couldn't make the food, and there was no more food for him to bring to the tables! He didn't dare stick a single toe inside that office, though. Colette's rapid French cursing and Remy's incessant squeaking and gestuclating would probably somehow end up killing him if he dared enter. Remy and Colette, engaged in such loud argument, didn't notice Linguini's nervousness in the slightest; Remy walked unconsciously over the typewriter sitting atop the business desk; tripping over it, he hopped to and fro over its gently dimpling keys as he frustratedly waved his clenched and wiggling paws everywhere. Colette stood in front of him with folded arms that often fell from this arrangement to wave and clutch in the air at intervals. Their tempers far exceeded Linguini's temperament; he couldn't enter that warzone. For Remy's loud squeaking and Colette's fierce French, they suddenly stopped, breathing heavily. They stared at each other, their chests heaving, for some time, as if the first to blink or look away would suddenly be the wordless loser. Colette, however, dropped her eyes suddenly and noticed the piece of letter paper written up with a paragraph of unintelligible words. \"What is this?\" she said, coming around the desk to look at it from a reader's perspective. Remy looked from her interested eyes to the words. He slowly took a step back and pressed on the key that cause a space to appear. Watching his feet, he carefully stepped back and forth, performing a methodical if strange little dance routine over the steps. Colette squinted around him concentrated on his task to read the words he carefully typed in stilted but readable French. \"'Can you read what I am writing?'\" she said slowly, enuciating each word as it appeared under his feet. \"Yes, actually, it's quite readable.\" She sounded surprised. Remy looked up and furrowed what would've been his eyebrows (a facial expression he'd adopted from hanging out with humans). Then, tongue between his teeth, quickly pounced on key after key, now using his front paws and his back feet. His words collected on the paper quicker than they had; Colette read along: \"'Hazel Financier with Rosemary-Honey Sauce and Blood Orange Whipped Italian Ricotta. 140 grams of finely ground hazelnuts, toasted to a light brown. 6 egg whites, left to room temperature for a period of 30 minutes. . .' Remy, this is a recipe. One of yours?\" Remy looked up, nodded earnestly. The dawning look passed away from Colette's face. A mutual understanding that oft passed between Remy and Linguini now was shared between these two chefs. They'd found a solution to their problem. While this was a good idea, neither had time to work on it, until disaster struck again: one day Remy was out discussing rat ethics with his dad; this left Colette running the kitchen by herself, save a couple of training interns. Linguini brought in a special request: \"Hey, Colette. This customer wants that pigeon dish Little Chef makes sometimes. I wrote down what he says was in it. Who wants to eat pigeon? But I guess he makes it taste good. Can—can you make it?\" Linguini wondered. Colette furrowed her eyebrows over the notepad Linguini had brought her. \"'Pigeon, sweet peppers, white wine vinegar, maybe a gastrique?' Yes, I remember this dish. He only makes it occasionally, though.\" She sighed, her elbows digging into the wooden counter. Her hands ruffled her short hair in frustration. \"Oh, what did he put it in it?! The squab is dressed with olive oil and fennel and braised in a poaching liquid. Do you remember if it was rosemary or thyme in the poaching liquid?\" Linguini gulped, unprepared for offering any kind of aid in the realm of cooking. \"Is the squab . . . the pigeon?\" \"Yes, squab is the same word for pigeon! Do you think anyone would want to eat pigeon otherwise?!\" Colette banged her hand against the counter with a long, fast line of French words cursing that stupid rat. \"This never happened with Gusteau! Even after his death, we had his exact recipes to draw from!\" \"Dad was good at that,\" Linguini said lamely. \"Yes, he was! It was a mark of his knowledge of food, that he could write out how he made it in a teachable manner! Ugh!\" Colette sighed and studied the notepad again. \"I shall try to recreate this, but I'm afraid it will only be a poor substitute.\" She handed the notepad back to Linguini. \"Let me know the moment the Little Chef comes in. This shall never happen again. He's going to write down every dish that's ever been eaten in this restaurant!\" Linguini didn't know if she was being very practical or threatening. Still, he nodded, and made to leave the heated kitchen; first, though, he stopped short and kissed her cheek, making her stand shock still and blush a little. \"You've got this,\" Linguini said calmly. Colette returned to her work somehow calmer and more frazzled than she had been before. Remy walked in after the dinner shift to find Colette painstakingly working away at her fifth attempt at the squab. \"Little Chef, there you are. There.\" She finished swiping the vinegar gastrique to create a ring around the poached squab. \"Is this like what you made before?\" Remy swiped a paw against the sauce and tasted it. He rolled the taste around his mouth for a moment before waving his hand in the air in a shifting scale sign. Colette sighed, a little impatient. \"This is the fifth time I've made it. I know it's missing some element. Something sour, something bitter, or was it spicy?\" Remy looked around her mise en place and noticing a distinct ingredient missing. He scampered up the little ladder from the counter to the spice rack and held up the little salt shaker full of red peppercorns. Colette gasped as she held the shaker in her hand. \"Yes, yes, I remember know. It's missing that crunchy taste of spice and brightness. Coarse, not fine, right?\" Remy nodded eagerly, glad she remembered. \"And in the poaching liquid, not in the gastrique?\" Another nod. Colette sighed and walked with plodding feet over to the office. Remy hurried after her. She hung up her apron on the coat rack in there and said, wearily sitting in the swivel chair at the desk, \"Little Chef, this can continue no longer. You need to write down all your recipes. I cannot remember everything I see you do. And what about what you're doing to a dish while my back is turned? I'm busy signing for a bakery order and you've added seven spices to the beef marinade. The only way, from a logical standpoint, that La Ratatouille can have any consistency, is for you to write down all your recipes. That is what Gusteau did, and look! He wrote a cookbook!\" Remy agreed, and so a new schedule unfolded for the bistro: Remy would spend the first hour of his shift each day typing fiercely away at his recipe notes. Papers stacked as he pounced determinedly across the keys. By the time Colette came in to start prepping, she'd find four or five new additions to the accumulating folder. The stack grew steadily, as Remy, rubbing his hands together with the excitement of this new creative project in the human world, started to enjoy himself immensely. He didn't stop once he'd written up all the recipes Colette hadn't memorized to reference. He typed up the recipes of the dishes that they sold regularly at the restaurant, ranging from tantalizing appetizers to tiny crabapple clafoutis. \"Huh. I've never seen this one before.\" Colette held out one of the papers to Remy. She folded her arms and sat back on the desk. \"Is it new?\" Remy nodded. Colette took this in stride, shrugging, and added it to the paper stack. \"Whoa. That's a lot of recipes,\" Linguini said, half in admiration, half in awe, walking towards the desk. His clumsy feet knocked against the desk, almost sending Remy over the edge. Remy recovered his balance with only a slight look of annoyance to Linguini. \"Yes, and we need to find a better way of organizing them,\" Colette said sternly, jumping down to pick up the swathes of paper that flitted through the air onto the wooden floor. \"Yeah, like a book or something,\" Linguini said, bending down to help her pick them up. Colette looked at him, and Linguini, looking into her eyes, realized the gravity and suggestion of his words. \"A book?\" Colette said softly. In unison, they stared at Remy with questions in their faces. A book? Like a cookbook ? Are they serious? A cookbook like Gusteau's, but written by me? A rat ? Come on, there's gotta be some kind of cut-off limit to what people in Paris or France or the entire world will take. Sure, they'll eat food made by a rat, but why would they ever buy a book written by a rat? Come on, it's not like I can even write really well, either. I state facts. That's about it. I mean, maybe, if I could write as well as I can cook. But I can't, because words don't help me speak like food does. Food does the speaking for me, in my life and in the human world. But maybe words about food might work . . . might being the operative word here. . . Remy shrugged, waved his hands. Why not? This idea was presented to two different parties. First, Linguini and Colette brought up the idea to Anton Ego. They three, with Remy, sat at one of the little white-clothed tables in La Ratatouille. All had a glass of a fine wine (Remy with a tiny shot glass filled with just a touch of dark red) and the clock just struck nine PM the moment after Linguini had spread the case before Ego. Silence prevailed. Colette looked worriedly at Linguini, who looked nervous. Remy sat still with the biggest eyes in the world. \"Well . . . ?\" Linguini said, waving his hands around for a moment. Ego touched the typed-up recipes with his fingertips. His other hand swirled around the remaining wine in his glass. \"It's a fascinating idea. Unusual, but no more unusual than a talented rat making a five-star dish,\" he said, with an especial encouraging nod to Remy. \"It's a fine idea, with great promise. With only one obstacle in the way.\" \"Is that obstacle the fact that Little Chef is, you know. . .\" Linguini gestured to Remy, not quite able to get out the words. \"He's a rat. And he's a chef. That is what he is,\" Colette said firmly. \"It's not his being a rat that I foresee being an obstacle. That's a selling point, actually. He's a creative mind that obviously knows what he's doing. No, that's not it. It's the stigma of Gusteau's.\" \"Stigma?\" Colette and Linguini said together. \"Yes. He worked at a restaurant that was reduced to three stars, unfortunately, later shut down due to a failed health inspection. If you release this book, the media will bring all that up again besides the promotion of this book. Are you prepared for that?\" Ego looked straight at Remy. Remy realized that this meant a lot of humans would get to see him next to his food. It would be a lot of attention, a lot of talking, and a lot of humans. Would that be okay? But to write a cookbook, like Gusteau! To go down as a great maker of extolled French cuisine! Who wouldn't want that? And that's what mattered—the food. Remy nodded. \"So it shall be.\" Ego put up his glass. \"A toast, to Remy, our newest writer!\" Colette and Linguini toasted him, and Ego nodded his glass to Remy. \"If you need any help with it, bring all your questions to me. I know a thing or two about writing about food.\" A mentor gained, the next step was to inform his dad. Over which he said, \"A cookbook? Good grief, Remy, how human are you going to be?\" \"Dad, I own a restaurant for Pete's sake! I-I don't even know why this surprises you at all!\" \"Oh no, now Dad knows you know how to read,\" Emile murmured from a corner of the little rat part of the restaurant, around a mouthful of half a cheese platter. Remy and Django looked at Emile, their expressions deadpan and flat. Emil looked properly sheepish and popped another grape into his mouth, still always 'horking it down'. Django just raised his paw and let it fall with a sigh. \"Are you sure you want to do this? You're putting yourself out to face a lot of ridicule.\" \"I know the risks and troubles ahead, Dad. But I want to do this. This is a big shot and I can't throw it away.\" Django nodded, like he knew all the words in the world he could said to his son wouldn't change his mind. \"You've got stubbornness, just like your old man.\" He rubbed his paw against Remy's head, which he took. Thus began a new food endeavor that flew into full swing. Remy spent hours upon this book, jumping from one item to the next. He invented recipes, tested recipes, burnt recipes, practiced recipes, adjusted recipes, rewrote recipes, arranged recipes, breathed recipes. Part of it was hard work, but the other part was solely just fun . He loved cooking. He'd all these new recipes buzzing around his brain as he tried flavor combinations he'd never thought possible before but so worked . It'd be eleven at night and he'd be happy dancing over the success of a passion fruit and preserved lemon coulis. \"People are going to be making my food at home! My food! Just like they made Gusteau's!\" he gushed at Emile. \"Cool. Can I have another pastry?\" Emile said. \"This isn't just a pastry, Emile! This is a croissant filled with parsley goat cheese and walnut meats! What do you think of it?\" Emile patted his belly. \"I think it tastes good. A little dry, though.\" Despite his crudeness, Emile was honest, and honest meant helpful, in this particular case. Remy typed up this critique as Emile licked his fingers clean. Colette helped edit and arrange the paper pile; she'd adopted a new favorite pen. Its ink was blood red, and killed Remy's darlings with a particularly macabre air. Linguini, never a writer or a cook, helped in what ways he could, which included but were not limited to trying out the results of the new recipes and offering criticism when wanted (\"But there's nothing wrong with it, Little Chef!\" \"Find something, Alfredo; it must be perfected!\" said Colette. \"Um, it's, uh, too crunchy?\") This cookbook was written during work hours; it took months to write while tending to the usual bistro items that needed daily attention. Sometimes all they could do was offer a few minutes a day; sometimes Remy was so tired he fell asleep on top of the keys and Colette would have to carefully wake him up past eleven at night before she locked up the place. Colette and Remy finally stayed the course and worked until past three AM on night. Remy sleepily pulled off the last page and placed it in her hand before stepping over to his steaming mug of French press coffee to inhale its fumes. She put it on top of the precarious stack. \"There. That's the last.\" Colette yawned before settling her head into the crook of her folded arms on the desk and smiled. \"Congratulations, Little Chef. You've just finished writing a cookbook.\" Remy, despite being so sleepy, grinned broadly. He looked excitedly to Linguini to see his expression: The man was sitting limply and lankly in the sofa chair, snoozing and snoring and drooling. Well, considering the time of night, that wasn't an unacceptable response. For all of being proud of it, Remy was horrified when Ego, upon spending three weeks reading and reviewing the manuscript, including the prologue chapter about the writer, gave him the script full of red marks. \"That's even more than what I gave him. Why? He's done a fine job!\" Colette said in a rare moment of Remy's defense. \"It's too fine. Remy, you've written these recipes for a highly skilled restaurant chef such as yourself. If you believe in Gusteau's quote, 'Anyone can cook', you must write recipes that anyone can cook.\" Remy realized the sensibility of this statement, and took it like as advice. He and Colette, now with more determination (on her side it was to get back at Ego for being so critical), rewrote the recipes to be made with a lesser set of skills but would still turn out a quality dish. Ego smiled. \"You've proven yourself mature. You've taken criticism and improved on your own work. I will happily back this up.\" The fight to get the cookbook published began. Publishers, once reading the prologue, looked over the manuscript with some horror at Ego, who represented Remy. It was discouraging to have Colette answer the phone at the bistro with excitement and then sadly hand the phone to Remy so Ego could tell him the latest failure of the day. Finally, the four gathered in the bistro's office. Ego paced in front of the desk as Colette sat at the desk on the edge of her seat and Linguini thumped his fingers nervously against the sofa chair's armrests. Remy kept pace with Ego across the surface of the desk, wondering what he would say next. \"I've come to the only correct conclusion concerning this matter:\" Ego put his hands together and said to Remy, \"I am going to publish your book personally.\" \"Like, as a publishing agency? You're going to start a publishing company?\" Linguini wondered, almost disbelieving his ears. \"Yes, I shall.\" \"Can you afford to do that?\" Colette began, but Ego put his hand up. \"Don't worry about the cost. I'll make it twice over. I know genius when I see it, and I saw it when I read your cookbook, Remy. Together, we're going to take Paris by storm.\" Remy took this turn of plans in excitement, and waited eagerly everyday for Ego's updates about meeting with printing companies, employing clerks to oversee details, getting photographers to take pictures of the food. It was so exciting. A couple of weeks prior, right before Ego was going on a book tour that Remy couldn't go on (you can't just leave your restaurant when you're the head chef and have only one sous chef), the mentor brought in a cardboard box full to the brim of the beautiful cookbook. He drew one out; it showed a rat's silhouette in a chef's hat holding a wooden spoon, standing eagerly on a kitchen counter, ready to make anything. In beautiful calligraphy was the title— \" 'Big Dishes from a Little Chef ','\" Ego said proudly. Colette covered her mouth with her hands, shaking with laughter and tears. Linguini exclaimed in excitement and hugged and kissed her before almost squeezing the life out of poor Remy, who before that stood in amazement, looking at this book held out before him. I wrote that. I have a cookbook, just like Gusteau. The day of its release Ego arrived just in time from a press release and TV show interview to a private dinner at La Ratatouille, by invitation only. Remy cooked recipes from his cookbook for everyone and scampered between the human side and the rat floor to greet everyone. \"Remy, my son, has written a cookbook!\" Django pulled Remy's paw as high in the air as he could so everyone in the jumping, cheering crowd of rats could see the guest of honor. While the cheering slowly dissipated, Django said with no small amount of pride, \"I'm proud of you, Remy.\" \"Thanks, Dad.\" Remy ran down to supervise the order of the kitchen before walking through his little rat door into the main tiny dining room. Cheers rose as he came to the front of the table where Ego sat at the head, with Colette and Linguini at his right hand. \"Ah, the rat of the hour!\" Ego stood up and held up his glass, to address the team that'd brought the book together. \"Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce to you the someone who made all this possible: Remy!\" Another toast, this time: \"To Remy, who's proven an old saying from an old genius correct, that indeed: anyone can cook!\" Remy glowed as he heard the applause and the cheering and clinking of glasses. Never, when he lived in the rafters of an old eccentric lady's country house, did he think that his curious love for food would ever result in a beloved bistro in Paris , and himself and his recipes immortalized in human history. It was an amazing thought. He looked at Linguini and Colette, who gave him a thumb's up and a nod of approval, respectively. He might be the rat of the hour, but it was a team effort. The next day headline's was, UNLIKELY AUTHOR WRITES COOKBOOK, BIG DISHES FROM A LITTLE CHEF, SALES NUMBER 180,000 ON FIRST DAY. His cookbook shattered records, records set by Gusteau . Lines lengthened at La Ratatouille. Remy signed thousands of his cookbooks with his little French penmanship. Amongst the usual amount of backlash of people gasping on the news about an unsanitary rat 'writing'?! a cookbook, demands for a second book were heard. Ego calmly took these requests of his client, and said \"No comment\" to anyone who asked if a sequel was planned (it was in the works, but no one had to know that). Life for Remy was pretty hectic. Not bad for a country rat turned big city celebrity chef. Still, whenever he wanted to get away from the crowds, he'd sit on the rooftop of his restaurant and look at the moon or his beautiful city. Or sometimes he'd take a walk to a certain corner bookshop. He'd scramble up to the window and press his nose against the glass with the eagerness of a child at a candy store. There on a stand would be a #1 best-seller, Auguste Gusteau's Anyone Can Cook . And there, right next to it, also a #1 bestseller, was his own handiwork, Remy's Big Dishes from a Little Chef. Even for a big city celebrity chef, it took his breath away to see his cookbook right next to Gusteau's. \"Right where it should be,\" Remy's little figment of Gusteau said. \"Who would've thought?\" Remy said wonderingly. \"I might've.\" Remy looked at him. \"Didn't I say 'Anyone can cook?'\" Remy gave him that. He'd proven that, and he'd proven one thing more: that anyone can write , too. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Ratatouille. I don't know what decade Ratatouille is set i"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Ratatouille: An Epilogue","Author":"Chaotic Neutralist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12858288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Ratatouille belongs to Disney. Ratatouille: An Epilogue \"Remy? Do you need any help in here?\" Alfredo, the lost Weasley brother, peers into the bistro's kitchen, glancing around in search of his furry friend. His eyes fall at last on Remy's small figure bent over some cookbooks on a prep station in the corner. \"There you are! Are you thinking about adding something to the menu?\" Remy nods and gestures to a certain recipe, snickering. \"...I didn't choose the name, okay?\" Alfredo crosses his arms, glaring down on the small, smug rat. So his name is Alfredo Linguini. Ha. Ha. Ha. Very funny, rat. You weren't the one that put up with that same old joke throughout all of your years of schooling, so kindly shut up now. Remy makes a few indecipherable gestures with his paws that vaguely resemble French Sign Language blended with several dashes of interpretive dance and perhaps just a hint of semaphore. Alfredo tilts his head, scowling. \"I know I could, but changing your name isn't nearly as easy as it seems. Trust me, I've tried.\" Alfredo sighs, running a hand through his ginger rat's nest, and asks, \"Is Colette in yet?\" Before Remy can mime a reply, a toque blanche slowly peeks up over the edge of a counter, and a pair of beady eyes dart back and forth. Alfredo blinks several times, pinches himself, and asks, \"Colette? Were you...hiding in the cabinet?\" \"Oui.\" Colette rises to her full height, dusts herself off, and slowly cracks her knuckles one by one by one before beginning to slice ingredients for Remy's alfredo linguini. \"Okay, were you looking for something? I mean, the pantry is over there—\" \"Oui,\" Colette interrupts, scowling at something in her grasp. It is long and brown and covered in flecks of green and blue like a faded globe—finely aged. She sets it down on a chopping board, tugs a large butcher's knife covered in a strange goo from a drawer, and stabs the strangely shaped rock. \"Wait, what...is that?\" Alfredo asks, covering his mouth in disgust. Remy also instinctively recoils, bounding across the countertops and leaping into Alfredo's hair. He hisses, trembling and sweating from each and every orifice. \"Baguette.\" Colette glances up, a dark twinkle in her eye, before going back to slamming the cleaver against the thing that is most definitely not a baguette. It has too many tentacles to be any form of bread, and it makes an odd growling noise when Colette attempts to cut into its meaty flesh. \"I don't know. It looks kinda dusty. That thing must've been down there for a while…\" Alfredo strokes his chin, and Remy is locked in a staring contest with the baguette's eye. He wants to look away, but for some reason, he just can't stop staring. Why can't he stop staring? He doesn't want to look anymore. His eyes, they burn. Please send help. Help. Help. Help. \"Oui,\" Colette replies, not noticing Remy's frantic game of charades. Instead, she finally manages to wedge her knife into its body, and the baguette is now screaming curses in an ancient Mesopotamian language reserved solely for divine entities. It does this via telepathy, since the baguette distinctly lacks lips, a mouth, teeth, a tongue, vocal cords, or any physical construct that could potentially help it communicate. \"Is it still any good?\" Alfredo eyes the baguette, uncertain. It doesn't look very fresh, and here at Bistro Ratatouille, he feels an obligation to hold the quality of his ingredients to a higher standard given the nature of the head chef. \"Oui,\" Colette assures him with an angelic smile, as if God himself had personally kicked her out of heaven. Alfredo swoons. Oh, Colette, and that sexy, sexy demonic purple aura of hers...He rates her two stars, one for each of his eyes. Remy is still locked in the baguette's paralyzing gaze. \"And you're sure that's...uh, what's that called again?\" Alfredo asks, scratching the side of his head. Yeah, he's not the sharpest knife in the block. \"Baguette.\" Colette beheads the baguette in one swift blow, and the screaming stops. Remy lets out a sigh of relief, sagging into Alfredo's hair and wiping his tearful eyes. Free at last! Free at last! Thank God almighty, free at last! \"Right, that.\" Alfredo takes a deep breath. \"You're sure that's a baguette?\" \"Oui.\" Colette deveins the baguette in one smooth stroke, her skill evident in the fluidity of her movements. This is the true ability of someone that once went to a prestigious culinary school, spending thousands upon thousands of euros on tuition each year and eventually partnering in a restaurant of her own. \"Well, it isn't as if we could possibly be any worse than that potted meat factory down the road. Did you hear they actually got busted for fecal contamination their products?\" Alfredo shakes his head in disapproval, and Remy is sent flying across the room from the motion, falling into a boiling pot on the stove. Chef Remy, you were dear to us and will be sorely missed, but I am sorry: you have been boiled. To the family of Chef Remy, sorry (not sorry, we didn't really care about him all that much anyways). \"Oui.\" Colette slices the baguette, glazing each piece with a special house blend of olive oil and garlic while blatantly ignoring the pus pooling on the table. \"It's ridiculous what the food industry can get away with these days.\" Alfredo pauses, a romantic candle flickering over his head instead of a proper light bulb, because Alfredo is not actually capable of intelligent thought. \"Speaking of which, we have a food inspector visiting this afternoon.\" \"...Oui?\" Colette freezes, her knife held upright and her eyes bulging. She holds the baguette by the neck, its corpse squirming with the twitching throes of afterlife. She discards the head in a trash can before placing the slices of baguette on a tray and setting them to bake until crispier than a cremated corpse. \"So remember to give him today's special.\" Alfredo grins and gives her a horribly American and thus culturally out of place thumbs up. \"Baguette?\" Colette asks, her smile widening to the point where her face is mildly uncanny and slightly unsettling to look at. \"I was thinking something a bit more...bubonic, but that'll do.\" Alfredo winks, laughs, and exits to the dining area, leaving Colette to wait for the baguette to slowly burn in the raging fires of hell's kitchen. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Ratatouille belongs to Disney. Ratatouille: An Epilogue \"Remy? Do you need any help in"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Masterchef X-files","Author":"Master of Macabre","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11797173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own any of the characters. Auguste Gusteau walked in. Everyone walked out. Gordon R. face-palmed. Like it or not? Read, Rate and Review! ","Summary":" I do not own any of the characters. Auguste Gusteau walked in. Everyone walked out. Gordon R. face-"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"A Critic's Memories","Author":"The Bizarre One","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9551433","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BEHOLD, ONE OF THE FEW THINGS I'LL EVER WRITE THAT DOESN'T INVOLVE ROMANCE What we have here is a short one shot idea I had after a rewatch of the film. It's told entirely in the first person by one of the film's main characters. I won't say whom, because quite frankly it should be obvious who it is if you've seen the movie. If you haven't, go watch it. Seriously, it's Pixar for heaven's sake, it deserves to be seen. Ratatouille belongs to Disney/Pixar, and I claim no ownership of it. 'Surely they cannot be serious.' I thought to myself as I watched the 'head chef' put the dish they had chosen for me on the table. I could recall asking the first waiter that tried to serve me to bring some perspective, but this was not what I had in mind when I said that. If I could find any perspective in the dish before me-a ratatouille if I wasn't mistaken-it would be me in mere rags eating this on the side of the street with a plastic fork. 'At least it's presented nicely.' I thought to myself. I could see the 'chef' put down the same dish in front of a short man in a long coat at a table near me. He looked as incredulous as I felt about the dish before me. I sighed in disdain as I picked up my fork, pushing the button on the end of my pen as I did. I was already forming the review in my head as I brought the first, and presumably last, bite to my mouth. 'Why on Earth you people continue to dine at this establishment is a mystery that may never be solved,' I thought, preparing to put the phrase to paper as the fork approached my tongue. 'As, even with a new head chef, Gusteau's continues to disappoint me with-' The train of thought ended as I chewed the mixture of vegetables. My eyes grew wide as I felt something on my palette I hadn't felt in years. It was oddly...nostalgic. I could see it now: I was standing at my mother's doorway, sniffling like a small child. That was acceptable for two distinct reasons: I was one at the time, and I had fallen off my bicycle and scraped my knee on the way home. My mother needed only to take one look at me to figure out what was wrong. Without a word, she smiled and sat me down at the rickety old table in the middle of the house. I sat there for around five minuets when she returned with a bowl of vegetables swimming in some sort of broth. Now, I had always been a picky eater up to that point (one could say it was a trait that translated well into the food critic world) and while I had no qualms eating greenery, this dish she had set before me was something I had never seen before. It didn't smell or look to unappetizing, but I had learned long ago to not judge food on that basis. Before I even had a chance to protest, my mother put her hand under my chin and brought my face to look at her's. The tired look in her eyes suggested she had spent all day preparing that dish, and her kind smile gave away the secret ingredient, love. Her face gave me courage in the face of the unknown, and without hesitation I picked up the spoon that had laid in the bowl and took my first bite. It was unlike I had ever eaten before. I had been taught to savor the food I ate by people I respected, but that once I broke that rule and went through it at break neck speeds. I considered it the second biggest mistake in my life, but it made me forget about the scrape I had endured until my mother came back with some rubbing alchohol and a band aid. In a way, one could say that was the moment that made me want to become a food critic. I wanted to get into the food industry, and I already knew I couldn't cook, so I had ruled that out years ago, but something inside me clicked that day as my mother applied the bandage to the cut. I knew, if I were to become a critic, I could high light people like her: brilliant, unsung chefs that truly deserved more that what they had. Over the years, I set out to accomplish that. At school, I found myself jotting in down notes on the food they served every day. When neighbors and friends offered samples of their own cuisine, I often handed out three to four page reviews on how they did. While I was often harsh on them, I had been brought up with high standards, and I liked to think that the improvement in quality of cooking around the area had something to do with me. My mother always had the best meals though. All this time, I was constantly sending samples to the local newspaper, in hopes that I would be noticed and brought on board to write reviews for restaurant in the near by area. It took seven years, one hundred and twenty-seven rejection letters, and countless notepads worth of paper, but at age eighteen I was hired to do my first review. The income was minor, and the restaurant around me ranged from mediocre to above average, but my writing style and sharp critiques got me noticed by several bigger names, and soon I was known throughout Paris. I had become infamous for never giving out perfect rankings, and rarely giving out anything above three stars. I have heard that this pushed many chefs to improve and innovate their styles of cooking the minuet they heard I was coming for a review. I could appreciate their efforts, but in my mind there was only room for one perfect chef in the world at a time, and I had already found her. Even as my name continued to attract fame, I still made it a point to return home once a month for over four decades. Even at the ripe old age of eighty-one, my mother's food continued to be as awe-inspiring as ever and always reminded me why I chose to become a foodie in the first place. I had tried dozens of times to convince her to let me write about her, but she always refused, saying that at her age she had no need for any fame or recognition. However, three years ago, I made what I considered to be the biggest mistake of my life: I missed a month. There were many reasons why I failed to return home that month: I had just finished an interview that would be televised on rising chef Auguste Gustave, I lacked the funds to make the trip, and many more that weighed heavily on my head as I made the difficult decision to not return home. Sometime past midnight, the candlestick phone I kept at my bedside rang profusely. Grogily, I picked up the phone, and brought it to my ear. It was one of my mother's neighbors, a rather jumpy fellow that was kind but often blew things out of proportion. He was talking incredibly fast, faster than I could comprehend at that hour. I did, however pick up one important phrase that he said at the start of the ramble. I take no shame in saying it rocked me to my core \"Anton, your mom is dead!\" He bellowed. I could feel my world crashing around me, and within mere seconds I was out the door and in my car, making the trip to the hospital my mother had been pronounced dead in. Obviously I wasn't allowed to see the body, and the staff was certainly increduous when they saw a flustered man clad in pajamas burst through their doors, so I had resigned myself to sitting in the waiting room. Eventually, the neighbor who had called me appeared, and explained everything. She had passed on peacefully, in her sleep, but what got me was where she was: in one of the old wooden chairs by the door, as if waiting for someone. It was then he pulled out a plastic bowl, and explained he had found this in her refrigerator. I recognized it as the dish she had put together for me on the day I had fallen off my bike. I ate the dish then and there. The only complaints I had that night was that it was cold and a little salty, though the latter was probably my fault. I headed home and began to make preparations for the funeral. However, despite my grief, I still had a job to do tomorrow. I had been invited to a restaurant personally by the head chef so I could sample his food. He was confident I would grace him with my first five-star review, as dozens of other critics already had. In reality, the food was not that bad, if a bit uninspired, but the timing of the tasting was absolutely atrocious and the meal turned to ashes in my mouth. I did grace him with a first for me though: my first one star review. A week later, I learned the news that Auguste Gustave was dead. So, here I sat, in the same restaurant that attempted to amaze me years earlier and failed. My pen had long since fallen to the floor, my body in shock over what had just touched my pallet, but in a good way. It was if they had plucked my mother herself from the heavens to make one last dish. I glanced down at the ratatouille again, and soon the entire restaurant had faded around me. I wasn't in Gustave's, I was at home, staring down at the vegetable dish my mother had prepared for me so many years ago. I glanced up, and there she was, smiling down upon me. \"Eat it up Anton,\" She said, putting her hand on my shoulder \"you don't want it to get cold, do you?\" I was never a man to deny his mother. One month had elapsed since that faithful night in Gustave's, where I had discovered that the heavens had decided the world needed another perfect chef. I now sat at a table at a different restaurants, retired from my job as a critic after giving out my first and last five-star review, dining at an establishment I was largely responsible for. The rest of that night had been a bit of a blur to me. The fact the chef was a rat of all things, and one who had the grace to cook me another ratatouille right before my very eyes, it had put me in a state of shock for the rest of the night. I'm still not entirely sure how I got back to my apartment. Gustave's had been closed the next morning, and I had lost all my reputation as a foodie. As soon as I got word however, I took what money I had put aside all these years in hopes of retirement and funded a new restaurant for the extraordinary chef that had prepared the meal that night. Considering the line that went outside the building, I believe it was a wise investment. All I had asked in return, other than a cut of the profit of course, was a table once a day in the middle of the restaurant. Here I sat, a washed up foodie, eating a peasant's dish made by a rat, and knowing I would be unable to write another review for the rest of my days. One bite of the ratatouille before me, and I couldn't be happier. That's all he wrote ladies and gentlemen, and this means I have completed my first story on FF. Net...Yes I know it's just a one-shot, but this is big for me. Anyway, leave a review if you enjoyed it, and if you think I could improve my style in any way, shape or form let me know. -Not actually big on French food, Biz ","Summary":" BEHOLD, ONE OF THE FEW THINGS I'LL EVER WRITE THAT DOESN'T INVOLVE ROMANCE What we have here is a s"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Cualquiera puede cocinar","Author":"Umeki-Nara","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10469327","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cualquiera puede cocinar Disclaimer: Ratatouille y sus personajes no me pertenecen. Son propiedad de Disney Pixar y sus respectivos creadores. Yo sólo escribo por diversión, sin ánimo de lucro. Advertencias: Slash (relación chicoxchico) Si no te gusta el género, abstente de leer. No me hago responsable por posibles traumas (?) Remy entrelazó sus manos con nerviosismo. Tragó saliva y miró a sus compañeros. -De acuerdo, chicos, esto ha sido todo por hoy. Cumplimos con nuestro objetivo de brindar calidad en nuestro servicio del diario. Les deseo buenas noches. Ellos no hicieron nada más que recibir las palabras que cada noche vociferaba, desde el día en que abrió su propio restaurante, y se retiraron. Ésa era la rutina de cada noche, al finalizar el horario de trabajo. Remy es un cocinero novato, pero con talento. Gusteau fue su maestro, y él se siente orgulloso de eso. Ése hombre con talento innato para crear platillos exquisitos le dio la oportunidad de ser su discípulo para explotar su potencial al máximo. Tal vez Rémy suele caer en la arrogancia, pero es difícil no hacerlo cuando tienes talento y una buena referencia de tu parte. Y aunque tiene una vida que podría tacharse de perfecta, no todo es miel sobre hojuelas para el chef novato. Tenía un secreto que, de revelarlo al mundo, pondría en duda no sólo su reputación y prestigio como chef, si no que también podría ganarse el rechazo de muchos debido a cuestiones personales. Porque claro, nadie, absolutamente nadie iba a aceptar que Anton Ego, aquel crítico de comida tan afamado y célebre por sus reseñas crueles, despectivas y quita oportunidades, le había dado el buen visto a su trabajo; al mismo tiempo que resultaba ser su amante. Era un escenario que podía dejar volar la imaginación de muchos. La prensa lo comería vivo y Ego perdería su credibilidad como crítico. Era una dura realidad la que debía afrontar. Jamás podría hacerse público. O ambos pagarían las consecuencias por toda su vida. Esa noche, al ingresar a su departamento, lo primero que pudo divisar fue la silueta de una silla frente a la ventana. Una mano yacía estirada en el reposa-brazos, mientras agitaba sutilmente una copa de vino. Se acercó hacía él y recargó los brazos en el respaldo de la silla, sin perturbar la paz que reinaba en el lugar. Las yemas de sus dedos acariciaron el cabello de Ego, mientras él seguía leyendo. -Llegas tarde. -fue lo único que salió de la boca del hombre, sin despegar la vista de su lectura. Remy sonrió, sin dejar de enredar los dedos en sus cabellos. -Bueno, no me la has puesto fácil. Desde tu reseña de mi restaurante, muchos críticos se han animado a ir y probar mis platillos. Sonrió recordando la primera vez que vio a Anton Ego en persona. Se había enterado por parte del camarero de su presencia, y de cómo había pedido hablar con el chef. Se acercó nervioso, con el mesero a su lado. Al verlo, se perdió. No pudo apartar sus ojos de los de él por mucho rato. Y cuando reaccionó, se posaron en sus labios. Se movían con gracia y lentitud, mientras se curvaban hacía arriba. Nunca antes había experimentado esa sensación de tener la boca seca y sentir algo revoloteando en su estómago. Inmovilizado, sonrió de manera inconsciente. -¿Me está escuchando, chef? -cuestionó el crítico, cuando lo descubrió. Remy asintió vigorosamente, mientras sonreía. -S-Sí, sí. Estoy bien. Es un gran honor tenerlo aquí. -sonrió emocionado. La media sonrisa de Ego lo deslumbró. Tenía pinta de ser un hombre muy terrorífico a simple vista, pero él intuía que en el fondo había algo más resplandeciente y cálido. -Mis felicitaciones, chef. De ahí nació su pequeña obsesión por Anton Ego. Y los encuentros, cómo si fuera obra del destino, fueron frecuentes. En Exposiciones de Arte Culinario dónde se invitaban a las grandes figuras de la gastronomía, así como a diversos críticos para que los novatos pudieran apreciarlo en todo su esplendor. En eventos de ésa índole le vio, muchas veces. Y le fascinaba su manera de caminar sin titubear y de atemorizar fácilmente a la mayoría de la gente. Y poco a poco, el amor se formó. Al igual que un platillo cuya preparación es cuidadosa y con cada minuto contado. Detalle a detalle, para formar algo espléndido y maravilloso. Amaba a Ego tanto como a la cocina. Y con ambos en su vida, se sentía pleno y completo. -Te llegó esto. -le tendió un libro, en cuya portada aparecía Gusteau sonriendo, y su lema: \"Cualquiera puede cocinar\". Su sonrisa se amplió y abrió el ejemplar. Adentro había una pequeña dedicatoria de Gusteau para él. \" Querido Remy, muchas felicidades por tu recién adquirida cuarta estrella. Me siento infinitamente orgulloso y honrado de haber sido tu mentor. El sentimiento es tal, que solamente podría representarlo mediante la cocina. Esa pasión que tú, yo y muchos más artistas compartimos. Recuerda siempre mirar al frente. Y no olvides mi lema, con el que te desarrollaste como mi aprendiz. 'Cualquiera puede cocinar'. Atte: Gusteau.\" Lo cerró, con la felicidad emanando por cada poro de su cuerpo. Lo abrazó contra sí. Y escuchó un bufido de burla. Miró a su pareja, quien lo miraba con una ceja arqueada y los brazos cruzados. Había dejado la copa en una mesita cercana a la silla donde estaba. -¿ Cualquiera puede cocinar ? Debe ser una broma. -Aunque no lo creas, es verdad. -sonrió. Sabía que Ego replicaría, así que antes de eso lo tomó del mentón y depositó un casto beso en sus labios. Estaban ligeramente húmedos por el vino, lo cual lo incitó a morder el inferior. El otro respondió ante ello tomándolo de la cintura. Se estiró cuán largo era, y besó con ternura los labios de su amante. -Remy. -con la punta de su alargada nariz acarició la mejilla del más joven. Este sonrió ante el tacto, y sus mejillas se tiñeron de color carmesí. Anton Ego sonrió mientras depositaba suaves besos en su rostro, marcando un camino desde su barbilla hasta su oído. -Te adoro. -susurró. Se estremeció y sonrió, ocultándose en el cuello de Ego. Pero éste continuó hablando. -Y porque te adoro... no quiero que caigas en ideales superficiales y vacíos de lógica. -finalizó, estrechándolo más contra sí. Remy negó con la cabeza. -Te equivocas, en verdad. Si tan sólo le dieras una oportunidad, podrías entenderlo. -aseguró mirándolo a los ojos. El ceño de Ego se frunció, al igual que sus labios. -Jamás entenderé algo tan ridículo como eso. Remy intentó no tocar el tema nunca más, pero Ego le pedía frecuentemente que se deshiciera de ése libro. Cuando él se negaba a hacerlo éste se cruzaba de brazos ofendido y se retiraba. Y la tensión y las discusiones iban en aumento. -¡Eres un excelente chef con un lema demasiado patético, Remy! -No digas eso Anton. No porque no logres comprender algo significa que es basura. Ego negó con la cabeza. -Es sólo una idiotez. Gusteau es solamente un soñador que se jacta de tener la verdad en la boca, pero no dice más que ridiculeces sin sentido ni valor. -Yo creo que el único ridículo con frases sin sentido ni valor eres tú, Ego. -siseó. Ego abrió los ojos sorprendido. Pero rápidamente reaccionó ante las palabras. Remy no parecía muy contento con lo que él mismo había dicho, pero tampoco daba muestras de querer rendirse. Menos aún cuando la discusión por el mismo tema se había alargado tanto. -Estás escogiendo su tonto lema por encima de mí. -afirmó con frialdad. El aludido no hizo nada. No lo afirmó, pero tampoco se molestó en negarlo. Simplemente se quedó ahí, de pie, frustrado porque el panorama no pintaba demasiado bien. -Muy bien; por primera vez entiendo algo. -murmuró. Pasó de largo y terminó su copa de vino. Miró hacía el exterior, con aparente tranquilidad, pero emanando un aura que asfixiaba a Remy. -Esto se terminó. El cuerpo de Remy empezó a perder calor corporal. Su corazón latía frenético, como si estuviera en un momento decisivo en su vida. Y así era. -No creo poder soportar más a un grandioso artista cuya inspiración es algo tan ilógico. -depositó la copa en la mesa y miró a los ojos de Remy. Éste, por el impacto, no se movía. -Anton, yo... -No, no, no. -levantó una mano para silenciarlo a tiempo. -Lo has dejado muy en claro. De ahora en adelante, cada uno tomará su camino. Ego se acercó y miró fijamente a los ojos a Remy. Éste estaba aturdido. -Ha sido un placer, chef. -dijo, envolviendo la mano del aludido con la suya. Depositó un pequeño objeto en ella y rompió el contacto visual, justo cuando las lágrimas empezaron a aparecer en los ojos de Remy. El portazo fue lo que le indicó que Ego había salido de su vida. Y el anillo abandonado en su palma no fue si no más que una daga más para su corazón. Los meses pasaron, pero él ya se consideraba muerto. En la cocina ya no trabajaba con la misma pasión. Ya no ofrecía en cada platillo la dedicación como para jactarse de ser el sucesor de Gusteau. Los periódicos se amontonaban en su habitación. Por el suelo y adornando las paredes; los artículos de Anton Ego. Críticas más crueles que nunca. Ego logró desprestigiar a más de cinco restaurantes y pisotear las oportunidades de otros diez que recién se abrían al público. Verlo le hacía formar una amarga sonrisa. Anton Ego continuaba con su vida, solamente que con la tinta más afilada y venenosa que nunca. Y él, en cambio, estaba a nada de quedarse en la ruina. El alcohol era su nuevo compañero nocturno. No tenía remedio. Le parecía increíble cómo su vida tan perfecta se fue al caño por un tonto lema. Cualquiera puede cocinar. Seguía sin darle crédito a los pensamientos de Ego, pero se arrepentía enormemente de estar pudriéndose en vida. Un día, mientras daba órdenes a los cocineros, la emoción invadió su restaurante. Anton Ego entró por la puerta principal, siendo guiado por un camarero hasta una mesa cercana a la cocina. -Ha dicho que quiere lo mejor de ti. -dijo el camarero cuando regresó a la cocina tras pedir su orden. Remy sonrió con melancolía. Sabía de un platillo que le encantaba a Ego. Uno que le haría más humano en ése momento. Le sirvió Ratatouille. Miró por la pequeña ventana. Con elegancia se llevaba el bocado a la boca y lo masticaba, saboreándolo y disfrutándolo cómo sólo Anton Ego sabía hacer. Sorbió de su copa el mejor vino que tenían y continuó con su platillo. Él lo supo de momento a fin. No porque haya perdido el toque, si no porque simplemente Ego era testarudo como él solo. Perdió, y seguro mañana vería una crítica que sería el último clavo de su tumba. Tan sólo esperó. Y a la mañana siguiente, sin falta como desde hacia seis meses, compró el periódico para ver la crítica de Anton Ego, quien parecía más feroz y despiadado que nunca. Se saltó una introducción, para pasar al filo de la lanza. \" En antaño me vanaglorié de haber encontrado al novicio más talentoso de toda Francia. Ahora, lamento retractarme de mis palabras. Me parece lamentable que alguien con semejante don haya caído tan bajo. Aunque realmente no es de sorprenderse, si tenemos en cuenta el lema que lleva con orgullo en la frente. Si el chef piensa que 'Cualquiera puede cocinar', no se puede esperar que perdure su legado. Francamente, debería pensar en servir a las ratas y no a las personas que invierten su dinero para obtener un servicio mínimamente aceptable. Ahora que lo pienso, ¿es usted un chef o una miserable rata?\" Y ahí estaba. Arrugó el papel y lo lanzó al piso. Se llevó la mano al cabello que había descuidado durante tanto tiempo y lanzó un quejido de dolor. Estaba destrozado. Ahora sí. -Una rata... -murmuró mientras caminaba tambaleándose por las calles. Seguía su camino sin molestarse en ver a su alrededor. Aunque de todos modos ya estaba muerto. No tenía futuro. Y fue mejor cómo terminó, con un auto arrollándolo violentamente. Remy cerró los ojos. Él pensó que llegaría a morir en su departamento, y que el mundo no se enteraría si no hasta que la descomposición de su cuerpo alertara a los vecinos. Pero era mejor así, en la calle. Humillado. Se dijo a sí mismo, con humildad, que en otra vida tal vez la vida le sonreiría. Sus párpados se cerraron con pesadez, mientras los gritos y la alarma se hacía presente. Un segundo después, todo cambió. En lugar de tensión y horror pudo percibir emoción. Alegría. Abrió los ojos pero la luz le cegó. Chilló. -Mi querido... -una dulce voz murmuró. Y un par de brazos cálidos lo acogieron. -Ya estás en casa. Intentó de nuevo, pero sus ojos parecían no poder acostumbrarse. Olfateó, como solía hacer con los ingredientes para cocinar. Se había ganado fama por su extraña manera de crear con su instinto de olfato. Una risa cantarina inundó sus oídos. -Te llamaremos Remy, cómo ese cocinero famoso. ¿Remy, eh? No sonaba mal. A la tercera vez, obligó a sus ojos a permanecer abiertos. Lo primero que vio fue a una criatura peluda de nariz y manos rosadas que lo miraba con infinita ternura. Parecía agotada. -Bienvenido al clan, Remy. -sonrió otro de esos seres. Sonriente y emocionado. No recordaba nada; sin embargo, se sentía bien siento una rata. Muy bien. ¡Muy bien, eso ha sido por esta vez! Espero les haya gustado. Es algo que se me ocurrió tras ver por primera vez Ratatouille. Cucho, si leíste esto, ¡espero lo hayas disfrutado! Te haré un lemon de la parejita muy pronto ;D Si te gustó deja rw; si no te gustó, deja rw. ¡Saludos! ","Summary":" Cualquiera puede cocinar Disclaimer: Ratatouille y sus personajes no me pertenecen. Son propiedad d"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"The Summer with Father","Author":"ContraryIzybel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8321005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Colette was five she spent the summer with her father, her actual father and not just one of her mother's boyfriends trying to be cute by encouraging her to call them \"daddy.\" It had been a surprise for both of them when her mother dropped her off with her backpack full of patched up dresses and an extra toothbrush, not bothering to stay long enough to see if Anton was home, let alone willing to take care of his daughter for three months. That first day she had spent with the house keeper and the fat calico who spent most of his time sleeping in the kitchen. It was the house keeper who settled her into the guest room, who fed her, and who reassured her that her mother would return soon. She didn't see her father until two days later. He had summoned her to the parlor and then ignored her for twenty minutes while he typed out his latest review. Occasionally he would mutter to himself, or take a sip from his wine glass, but otherwise it was just typing and Colette wishing she was anywhere else. She'd even settle for being back at her granny house in the country where she would have to hold the boxes of bullets while granny hunted for the deer that had been eating from her garden. After finishing his review Anton finally turned to his daughter, eyeing her the way her mother eyed the landlord or a new crop of bills. \"When is your mother coming back for you?\" \"I, ah, I don't know. Sir.\" Some of her mother's boyfriends preferred to be called sir. One had wanted to be called Presto the Magnificent, but she didn't think her father would like something that dramatic. \"She, she didn't say anything about, er, about leaving me. Sorry.\" \"Don't apologize for that woman.\" Anton said crisply. He stood from his chair, reminding Colette of the spider that had lived in her window for a month. \"Never apologize for something that isn't your fault.\" \"Yes sir.\" He watched her shuffle, his face forming a grimace. He was probably aware of the ragdoll she had hidden behind her back. He probably though she was being dumb for carrying a doll around. Her mother said dolls were for babies but Bibi wasn't for babies. She was for protecting Colette when she was scared. And nothing was quite as scary as her father. \"I am not good with children and I will not alter my life to accommodate your mother's foolishness. Do you understand?\" \"Yes sir.\" \"Good. Now come along. It is time for lunch.\" For the first few weeks the pattern was simple. Eat breakfast with the house keeper and the calico, find a way to entertain herself (quietly), eat lunch with the house keeper and the calico, look at the pictures in the books from father's library, eat dinner with her father, and be quiet until the house keeper prepared her for bed. It wasn't exciting but it kept her interaction with her father to a minimum which he seemed to like. And the house keeper was nice and didn't disapprove of Bibi or Colette's crayon drawings. But then she made a mistake that stopped the pattern. She spoke with her father outside of dinner. It had been while she was in the library, taking advantage of the fact that Anton did all his reading in the morning and none in the afternoon. He, like the house keeper and the calico, was a creature of habit and Colette liked that. Knowing what someone was doing meant knowing how to stay out of their way. But one day her father deviated from the pattern, entering the library at half after two. Colette had been looking at the drawings in a heavy book about gardening, trying to figure out which plant was which and wondering if there was a strawberry patch nearby when a shadow fell across the yellowing pages. She hadn't meant to gasp, but a tiny one escaped her. \"Colette.\" He said as a greeting. Or perhaps just an acknowledgement. It was the first time she had heard him say her name since her arrival almost three weeks before. \"Certainly you are not trying to read that.\" \"I am.\" She whispered, face flushing red. \"It's in Latin.\" She shrunk back into the chair, trying to look as small as possible. Her father lifted a thin eyebrow at the reaction. \"Perhaps I can find you a book in French. Provided you can read French.\" If it was possible to melt into a puddle Colette would have been the first to try. Tears welled up in her eyes, threatening to pour down her cheeks. \"I can read! I can read French! I'm not stupid! I promise I'm not stupid!\" It obviously wasn't what Anton had been expecting, nor was he expecting his daughter to throw the book down and start bawling. His long fingers hovered over her dark curls for a moment before gently touching her head. It didn't stop the tears but it caused the child to startle and begin hiccupping. Still better than bawling. \"What brought that on? You're barely five. It doesn't matter if you can't read yet. True, it's high time you learn but with the teachers in these schools it's hardly a wonder if you can't manage.\" \"I don't go to school.\" Anton stopped his tirade against the public school system at the soft comment. \"Surely your mother sends you to school.\" \"I'm too stupid. Mama says maybe next year.\" She wouldn't have believed it if she hadn't seen it but her father's face paled further than its normal shade of white. He chewed on his cheek for a moment before kneeling next to the chair that she had adopted as her own. At this level Colette could see his eyes, perhaps for the first time. Her mother was right. She had inherited her father's eyes. \"You are not stupid, child. Certainly not if you are my daughter. And I will give you a chance to prove it. Come Monday we will have a tutor here to teach you, but only if you promise to try and learn.\" She practically jumped from the chair, heart thundering in her tiny chest. \"I can learn to read?\" \"Among other things, yes.\" And thus the pattern changed. Her father had hired three tutors. The first was her favorite, a college student with hair the color of the setting sun. Her name was Claire, and she came every day of the week, arriving just after breakfast and leaving just after lunch. She taught Colette the letters and their sounds and how to write and how to read. She would also teach her numbers and basic math, which Colette found she had a great skill in. Sometimes she would teach Colette to read from history books, teaching her about the rise and fall of great nations and the many different people around the world. Other times she would read from fairy tales, making sure Colette knew the moral of the story before sending her to lunch. The second tutor was older than Claire, but not nearly as old as her father. His name was Pascal and he would come on Mondays and Wednesdays after lunch, usually just before Claire left, and would teach Colette about art. He would show her how to draw and paint and would sometimes take her to the museum near her father's house so she could learn about the masters of art. If it was rainy he'd bring a plastic sheet and lay it down over the desk so Colette could sculpt with clay. The third tutor was her least favorite, an old man name Henri who came on Tuesdays and Thursdays after lunch. He was trying to teach her music, to which Colette secretly believed she had no talent. Under Henri's fingers the piano in her father's second study sounded like a choir of angels. Under her fingers it sounded like a monkey banging on a rock. Henri didn't believe in deviating from the planned lesson, which meant no trips to local concerts or listening to recordings of famous music. He would just loom over her, reprimanding her mistakes and patting her head at each success until the house keeper came to announce the hour was over. Friday was the only day of the week where her afternoons were free. Mostly she would play in her father's garden, although it was properly the house keeper's garden since her father never stepped foot there. She would sometimes make mud castles for Bibi to live in, and mud subjects for Bibi to rule. Sometimes the house keeper would show her which plants were for eating and which were just to look pretty. Sometimes she would just nap under the lemon tree, surrounded by smell of herbs and fruits and flowers. After about two weeks her father began reappearing in her life, having almost completely vanished after the tutors first arrived. He would show up at breakfast on Saturday, the shadows under his eyes heavier than she remembered them being, and tell her to get dressed for a day on the town. They would go to the shops where he would refuse to buy her treats even when she hadn't asked. By the last shop he would ultimately buy her something, usually a candy or a ribbon for her hair. She would say thank you and never mention it again and he wouldn't make a point about how spoiled children were anymore. By early July Colette had learned all the letters and was begin to piece together short words. Her musical talents hadn't progressed past the most basic of notes but she had managed to make a sculpture which the house keeper kept in the kitchen. She would still cringe when her father rushed by on his way to the study, muttering to himself about the latest review and what a good synonym for 'nauseating' would be but otherwise life in the Ego household had settled. When July turned to August and her father began planning for the upcoming school year Colette realized she hadn't heard from her mother in two months. \"Is Mama ever coming back for me?\" She asked over dinner one night. It was a vegetable stew, carrots and potatoes from the garden with a loaf of artisan four cheese bread her father had bought from the town. And though her father didn't eat a lot, hardly anything, he had helped himself to seconds of the stew. Perhaps the sign of a good mood. When he put down his stew and pushed the bowl forward for the house keeper to take she realized it she may have ruined that good mood. \"Do you not like it here?\" \"Oh no, no, no. I like it here, I really do. It, well, it's nicer than the time we lived over the bar. Or that time we lived with granny. Her house smells like moth balls.\" Colette picked up her own spoon before dropping it into the bowl, ignoring the twitch of her father's eye at the spilt stew. \"Who's taking care of Mama now that I'm here?\" \"She's a grown woman and doesn't need a child taking care of her.\" Anton muttered. Colette shook her head gravely but otherwise kept quiet. When the house keeper asked if anyone wanted dessert Anton merely walked out of the dining room, leaving Colette to fret. Three days later her father interrupted her music lesson to hand her a piece of paper. The only thing written there was an address and though it took a minute she eventually figured out it was somewhere in Spain. \"Your mother is there. Do you want me to send her a letter?\" Colette simply pushed the paper back into his hand and returned to her lesson, mind focused on the keys that refused to make proper music and nothing else. Three weeks later, with two days left before Colette was due to begin school, her mother appeared on Anton's front step, holding a crumpled letter and looking years older than when she left. For hours her parents argued while Colette sat beside the fat calico in the kitchen. They both watched the house keeper fret over the state of affairs with Claire who had been preparing to finish her last lesson. Eventually Claire had to leave for her second of four jobs. But before she left she dropped beside Colette and kissed her forehead. \"You were a wonderful student and a very smart girl. Never let anyone tell you otherwise.\" She paused, as though there were something else she wanted to say. Instead she settled for what she needed to say. \"People will tell you that certain things are impossible, but you can't listen to them. If you want something you go and get it, no matter who tries to stop you.\" And with that Claire left. Colette would remember those word later, would cherish them for the rest of her life, even if she never saw Claire again. Almost an hour later Colette was startled from her nap in the patch of sunlight normally reserved for the cat by her father crouching over her. His thin fingers carded through her hair and his lips turned into the smallest of smiles. Even half asleep Colette knew it was the best her father had ever looked. \"Your mother is taking you back with her. There is nothing I can do. I gave up any custody of you when you were a baby and cannot reclaim it now. Do you understand?\" Colette nodded and her father accepted that. There was no need to press the matter. His daughter was a smart one. \"Will I ever get to come back?\" \"Perhaps. I'd like it if you did.\" But as her mother pulled her to a waiting taxi Colette knew that summer would be the last she'd spend with her father. And she was right. She didn't see him when her mother moved them to England where they lived with an up and coming band. She didn't hear from him while she was enrolled in a boarding school outside of Bordeaux. She couldn't contact him when she ran away from school with a pretty red headed girl who took her to Paris. Sometimes she'd forget about him. When Michelle asked about her family while they were curled up on their ratty sofa Colette would have to pause and think about him. The thin, pale man from her memory who was so much like a spider and so little like a person. But sometimes when they were in a store she would recall the time her father bought her a candied apple after insisting she would ruin her appetite for dinner if she had any sweets. Sometimes she watch Michelle practicing with her flute and recall her father's failed attempts at having a tutor teach her music. Sometimes she would remember him. And when Michelle left for America and Colette chose to stay behind for her career those fleeting memories of a summer in her father's house left too. She didn't have time for childish things. Not when she was studying under the masters and proving to them that she was as brave and as daring as they thought they were. She didn't have time to remember the sun warming her as she napped under a lemon tree. The scent of lemon only invoked memories of recipes, not of the house keeper singing as she watered the flowers. And while very little mattered while she was training to be a chef, nothing mattered after she was hired at Gusteau's. She was too busy proving her worth, working twice as hard for half the respect. Some nights she would return to her apartment, body sore and mind blank, and she would feel like she hadn't been born so much as created alongside the dishes she prepared. A fresh baked chef with no past and a very short future. The one thing she truly remembered, in that way that some memories were a part of a person and not memories anymore, was her granny's words as they sat on the bridge near her cottage. Even when she felt empty she would remember her granny's wisdom, no matter if she hadn't thought of it as wisdom at the time. \"There are some people who come into our lives and change who we were. They create who we will be. But there are people who will never leave our lives. These are the ones who change us the most. These are the ones we change.\" It wasn't her first memory but it was her clearest. And it was what she thought of the first time Anton Ego reviewed Gusteau's. She had watched with the rest of the chefs as the dish was presented to the skeleton of a man. She had held her breath like the others when he lifted the fork to his mouth. But she hadn't been thinking like they had when his face grimaced. She had been thinking that her father was far too skinny. While the rest of the chefs whispered about the looming review Colette had stood by the door, feet shuffling against the tile. Her motorbike was right there. She could catch him before he left. She could find him, could follow his car if she had to. Could find her father and… …and nothing. How could she explain the lifetime she had spent without contact him? How could she have explained the loyalty that made her cling to her mother until it was obvious the woman cared more about her boyfriends than her daughter? How could she explain running away from school with a girl and giving up a proper education for a chance to be happy? How could she explain being a chef who couldn't prepare a dish good enough for him? The review was devastating. The fallout was worse. Losing Gusteau was like losing a father. One who had actually laughed with her, had praised her accomplishments, had been there when she felt adrift in the world. But she pushed on. They all did, despite Skinner's attempts at destroying Gusteau's legacy. They stood by their restaurant and they stood by each other. And then he arrived. A noodle limbed boy with more talent than anyone in the restaurant. Linguini was awkward, he was clumsy, but he was brilliant. He was also a pain in Colette's ass. But he improved, learning quicker than Colette had expected. He created the strangest mixtures and made them edible. Made them magnificent. And they flourished again. More patrons, better reviews, more praise. He provided the downfall of Skinner and the return of a proper Gusteau's. And in the glow of it Colette forgot about the danger that came with success. She shouldn't have forgotten about her father. And though his attention was only on Linguini, without a hint of recognition for his daughter, Colette stood beside the boy. She was ready for any insult, any threat, and challenge. Because in all of France she was the only one who wasn't scared of Anton Ego. Not when somewhere in the back of her mind she could remember the thin man who took second helpings of vegetable stew and bought candied apples from street vendors. Alone in her apartment, sprawled on the ratty sofa she couldn't bring herself to throw out, Colette imagined a hundred scenarios for if her father recognized her. A hundred more for if he didn't. Chance meetings outside the restaurant. Letters with no signature and no way for him to find her. Just approaching his table and revealing her identity. None of them were appealing. In the end none of them were close to right. Not when Linguini finally revealed the rat. Not when all the chefs, her brothers-in-arms, walked out. Not when he somehow convinced her to assist with the mad scheme to run a restaurant with rats acting as chefs. Admittedly reconnecting with her father was less important once she was thrown into the madness that came with a kitchen full of rats. And the rat, the one who had been secretly creating their success, decided in the mist of the madness to create a peasant dish and present it to Paris' most feared critic. She had been watching when he took that first bite. She saw it all. His shock. His amazement. His happiness. The rat had impressed Anton Ego. And she had to convince him that meeting the chef was not a possibility. Had to tell her father to wait for the chef who had done the impossible or leave without ever knowing. But he didn't budge, didn't leave. He waited patiently while Linguini provided him with glass of wine after glass of wine. Colette knew he would wait. He was a patient man most of the time. Worse when he wanted something. The meeting wasn't nearly as dramatic as she expected it. He was surprisingly calm. Calmer than Colette had been, at least. And when he left she felt, for the first time since Linguini had turned her life upside down, the emptiness again. She hadn't gotten to apologize. The review was out in remarkable time and it was nothing short of magnificent. His best writing, if Colette was being honest. Since becoming a chef she had read every review her father wrote, pausing over the insults and abuse of metaphor. But this was amazing. Poetry in the form of a review. Which only made it more painful when they were closed. But life went on. New restaurants to run, ones with better hiding places for their new rat army, and a new life to live. But even as the plans began for their new restaurant Colette would find herself reading the last review. Pondering over every word, wondering about every sentence. It was brave of her father to write so honestly. Brave in a way she wouldn't have expected from him. It was time for her to be brave too. After all, she hadn't just inherited her father's eyes. The house was unchanged from her memory, though maybe smaller. The front step was just as daunting as when her mother had left her, so many years ago. The bell was just as loud. The door creaked just as badly. The butler was new. And though she was channeling a new bravery she still waited on the front step while the butler sought out Anton. Better to make a get-away. But the moment he pulled open the door her thoughts of escape disappeared. As did most of her wit. \"Hello Father.\" \"Hello Colette.\" The desire to escape reappeared before the wit, but ultimately they were both beaten by a desire she hadn't felt in a long while. The desire to apologize. \"I'm sorry I didn't contact you. Or see you. After Mama took me we moved to England and by the time we got back to France-\" A pale hand lifted to cut off her words. \"Colette, never apologize for something that isn't your fault. It is I who should be apologizing. Come in for a glass of wine.\" They sat in the kitchen where she had spent her first and last day of the summer. The fat calico was gone, her father said he had disappeared a few months after she left and was never seen again. A dog had taken the cat's patch of sun, a Scottish terrier that raised its head slightly to stare but otherwise didn't seem to care about the humans. \"After your mother took you I hired a lawyer to see if I could gain custody of you. By the time a case could be made for negligence your mother had left the country. She didn't respond to my letters or calls and I didn't know you were in boarding school until after you had run away.\" Anton allowed his shoulders to droop and his face looked older than it had just days before. \"I have failed you in many ways over the years. Allowing that woman to take you back was simply the worst of it.\" Colette sipped her wine to allow herself a moment of thought. All the angry things, all the sad things that had been in her mind were gone and she couldn't bother to reform them. \"You did make a mistake in letting me go, but it's nothing we can fix now. Besides, who's to say I wouldn't have been more screwed up living here.\" Anton chuckled, thin fingers reaching out to run through her hair. \"I am sorry about your restaurant. And for not recognizing you.\" \"It's been a long time. Though thank you.\" \"For what?\" She shrugged awkwardly. \"The review. It was beautiful.\" \"Oh, that. Yes, it was difficult writing. Harder still to admit being wrong. The hardest part may be the destruction of my credibility now that Gusteau's has been closed.\" He winced, reaching for the bottle to refill his glass. \"I suppose you're out of a job now.\" \"Linguini and I have been talking about a new restaurant. That rat is talented, as much as I hate to even think those words.\" She drummed her fingers against the counter, amused by how it made the dog tap its tail in time. \"It will be hard though. Starting a business in Paris isn't easy.\" A soft smile, the same one she had seen in the moments before her mother had taken her away, crossed her father's face. \"What you need it a business investor. Someone who knows restaurants. Someone who knows food.\" Colette sighed, eyes rolling dramatically even as she broke into a grin. \"This won't make up for all the birthdays you missed.\" She teased. \"I realize. But it will be a start.\" ","Summary":" When Colette was five she spent the summer with her father, her actual father and not just one of h"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"You Are Mine","Author":"Sara Plutonium","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7704040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a sound unlike anything Alfredo had ever heard before. It made itself clear above all other noises, blocking out even Alfredo's own thoughts. It pierced through every wall and cut straight into his heart, causing it to leap and flood over with an overwhelming sense of awe and relief. It wasn't simply an infant's first cry – it was the cry of Alfredo's own child, announcing that it had finally been brought into the world. The anxious father-to-be hadn't been allowed in the delivery room almost the entire time, upon Colette's insistence that he stayed away from her while she had the baby. Meanwhile, Alfredo had been worrying himself almost to the point of nausea, and had been standing anxiously outside the room, cringing and clenching his fists every time he heard her scream in anguish. At times he felt like passing out; he couldn't help but try and imagine the kind of pain that would cause someone to scream like that. Of course, Colette had always been overly-dramatic about everything, so maybe it really wasn't as bad as she had been making it sound. But it was all over now, and Alfredo ran for the door the moment he heard that sweet wail shatter the air. He gave a few quick raps on the door to make sure they knew he was coming, then opened it cautiously and quickly scanned the room in hopes of catching a glimpse of the baby. His eyes moved toward the bed where Colette lay still panting and gripping her sheets, and bit his lip as a strange wave of shame tumbled through his body. His heart broke to see her that way, and he was only reminded of what she had said to him sometime during the birth as it got more intense, moments before he was ordered to leave… \"YOU put me through this! I'll NEVER forgive you…!\" Alfredo took in a deep breath and entered the room, pushing his troubling thoughts aside for a moment. He could hear the baby's cries slowly subsiding as it was cleaned off, dressed, and wrapped up in warm blankets. One of the nurses had heard Alfredo knock on the door and saw him walk in, and she smiled at him as he awkwardly and nervously stood there. \"You must be the baby's father,\" she presumed. Still smiling, she took a small, bundled object from the doctor and held it towards Alfredo. \"You have a healthy baby boy. Come on. It's okay. You can hold him.\" Alfredo's face broke into a grin, and he timidly stepped forward and held his arms out. They trembled as the nurse gently set the tiny bundle into them, and Alfredo's eyes grew wide with wonder as he looked down, for the very first time, into his baby boy's face. \"He's… he's perfect.\" A choke hung in his throat. The words seemed to have impulsively tumbled from his mouth. There was a warm, living, moving newborn child in his hands, with soft and delicately curled red tresses adorning his head like a homemade cap crocheted with scarlet cashmere, and little fingers and palms gently waving involuntarily. Little baby Gusteau faithfully reflected his father in his looks, as he carried over his ears, nose, and, of course, his hair. But Alfredo could see hints and teases of Colette in the baby's mouth every so often, as his expression changed and his mouth opened and closed. Alfredo looked up, catching Colette's eye. She was carefully eyeing him, as if critiquing his every move. He gave a light smile and took in a staggering breath. \"C-Colette,\" he exhaled, \" look at him. \" Never mind that it had been months since the ex-couple had physically seen each other; Alfredo walked straight over to Colette and sat in the chair beside her bed, holding their baby boy up for both of them to admire. Colette inched away slightly, hesitating, her teeth digging into her lip and her head tilted tenderly to one side. She hadn't actually been able to get a good look at the infant since his birth just minutes ago. No words were said. Both didn't have any words to describe what they were feeling. Colette had tried so hard over the course of her pregnancy to deny attachment to the child, since she knew that as soon as he was born he'd be handed over to his father and she'd have nothing to do with him. Unfortunately, she could never shake it entirely, and her heart flooded with love upon finally seeing her baby face to face. Tears slipped from her eyes as she attempted to reach down and take him from his father. Alfredo didn't flinch at the gesture and helped her ease the newborn into her arms. He continued to smile as he listened to her whisper French words in the baby's ear, though memories and feelings began to tug at his heart. He didn't think he'd ever forget the way she used to breathe similar words into his ear, or the feel of her warm touch on his chest or on his neck. Nor would he ever forget the feeling of her lips upon his, or breathing deeply into the sultry scent of her skin, an intoxicating mix of musk and Coco Chanel… He caught his breath slightly, though not loud enough for Colette to hear. He inhaled quietly and heavily, trying to calm his now rapidly beating heart. Things weren't like that anymore. He couldn't go back – he knew that. He noticed that Colette was clutching the newborn tightly and closely to her body, planting kisses on his head as tears carved paths down her flushed cheeks, as if he were to vanish within a moment's notice. Alfredo sensed fear in the way her hands gripped the blankets the baby was bundled in. She even trembled. He sat forward and softly cleared his throat. \"Colette,\" he whispered. She didn't look up. \"Colette, Nolan's gonna be okay. I'm going to take care of him the best I can. I promise I won't let anything happen to him.\" This time she turned her head. It was all Alfredo could do to keep himself from reaching forward and wiping the tears from her face. \"Nolan?\" she tentatively repeated. \"You… already named him?\" Alfredo's face fell. \"Well, I… if you don't like it, we can pick something different.\" He almost choked on the words. \"B-but… I really think we should name him Nolan.\" To his surprise, Colette revealed a soft smile in response. It was enough to say that she felt the same way. A while later, Colette finally became tired enough to give Nolan back to Alfredo, and as she slept Alfredo gently walked around the room with Nolan sleeping soundly on his shoulder. Now alone with his thoughts, he stood in front of the window and gazed out at the glistening Paris skyline, brightly lit and magically sparkling even though the sun had set hours ago. His mind shuffled through thousands of new worries, new concerns and fears – none he had ever felt or thought about until this moment. Suddenly the light, 3.18 kilogram bundle in his arms felt like it weighed a tonne as the weight of the responsibility of parenthood finally settled into his entire being. Besides Colette, he was literally the only person on earth responsible for this one child, and, for the most part, he was going to be on his own throughout the duration of Nolan's life. He closed his eyes tightly and gripped the baby in his arms - the tiny, curled creature that tenderly fingered his father's clothes with his small, fragile hand; and breathed in softly, deliberately; and was warm with new life. Despite how confused or overwhelmed Alfredo felt, this strange new feeling that welled up inside of him as he cradled his child began to saturate him, overpowering every other thought, every other emotion, every other fear or concern. He loved this child. His child. And he purposed in his mind, at that moment in time, that he'd give up anything in the world - even his life, if it had to come to that - to keep Nolan Tamil Gusteau safe, and to give him a sound, secure life filled with the assurance that his father loved him, something Alfredo himself had never had the assurance of. \"It's just gonna be you and me for a while, and… it might be hard, but that's okay,\" he told Nolan, still rocking him back and forth. He left a small kiss on his warm, curly head. \"I love you, Nolan. Everything's gonna be fine.\" ","Summary":" It was a sound unlike anything Alfredo had ever heard before. It made itself clear above all other "},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Light","Author":"Mighty ANT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7729217","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Light ~Ratatouille ©PIXAR~ Amidst the rushing waters, Remy couldn't maneuver his direction; much less keep his head above water. The frigid stream swirled around him, battering him, with the waves reaching to the topmost corners of the sewer system. His initial plunge from the waterfall had stunned the rat, and he still attempted to regain his bearings without drowning. The fact that his family was gone had yet to sink it—only the need to survive reigned. And just before he was about to give up hope, he saw it floating nearby. Like a beacon, a colorful, extravagant, monumental, saving grace—the cookbook. ","Summary":" Light ~Ratatouille ©PIXAR~ Amidst the rushing waters, Remy couldn't maneuver his direction; much le"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"I Open My Own Windows","Author":"mywildimagination","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8716279","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Well, Little Chef, I guess this is it,\" said Linguini as he locked up Gusteau's for the last time. \"We'll never see the place again.\" Remy, perched in his regular spot on Linguini's head, sighed and nodded. \"This is all my fault. If I hadn't gotten such a big head, I wouldn't have yelled at you, and then you wouldn't've . . . I always screw things up.\" \"Oui, zat is true.\" Collette had just finished strapping the small box of their things to her motorcycle. \"But at least Gusteau's restaurant went out in style. I think zat is what he would have wanted.\" Someone was singing in the street. An old folk tune, far from artfully sung, projected over the sound of quiet city traffic. \"The foes of my country and King I have faced; In city or battle I ne'er was disgraced . . . \" Collette continued, \"If you had not come along, Tiny Chef, Gusteau would have been lost to the disgrace of frozen food forever. It is better this way.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Ye riots and revels of London, adieu! And Folly, ye foplings, I leave her to you!\" Collette groaned. \"British tourists! Let's get out of here before he catches up to us.\" She mounted her cycle. Linguini nodded and began to follow, but stopped when Remy yanked him away. \"What is it, Little Chef?\" Remy had yanked him away because the caroler approaching them didn't smell like a tourist or even a drunk. He smelled like ink . . . and paper . . . and ratatouille! This couldn't be just any Englander, now, could it? A tall dark figure appeared under the next streetlight, singing and skipping and laughing between lines. \"For myself I seek peace and an innocent life: I'll haste to the Highlands, and visit each scene With Maggie, my love, in her rocklay o' green; On the banks o' Glenaray what pleasure I'll feel, While she shares my bannocks o' barley-meal! \"Oh, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!\" \"Is that . . . Ego?\" asked Collette. Linguini shrugged. \"Ego?\" he called out to the dark figure. \"Is that you?\" The figure called back, \"Linguini!\" and he skipped until only a few inches remained between them. Indeed it was Ego. \"Isn't it a beautiful night?\" \"Um, I guess so . . .\" Ego giggled. \"Guess what.\" \"What?\" \"I've lost my job.\" He laughed again. \"No more publishers, no more deadlines, no more nasty battles over stars and customers! I feel like a new man. Ha ha ha ha! And from what I hear – oh hoo hoo hoo hoo – you are in the same unfortunate predicament!\" \"Um . . . Ego? Are you alright?\" \"Alright?\" said Ego. \"I'm positively ecstatic! You'll have to forgive me if I'm not quite myself, but\" - and he giggled again - \"I'm hardly ever ecstatic! It's been years upon years and years and years and years since . . . since. . . . Look at me, I'm at a loss for words! That never happens either!\" If Ego was at a loss for words, so were Linguini and Collette and Remy. Their eyeballs popped so much that Ego could have used them for marbles were he so inclined. \"Listen, I'm tired of words! I'm tired of sitting back and spouting opinions about food! I want to do something! Why, standing up for you and standing by my opinion of you is the best thing I've done in ages. So when they fired me, I thought 'They haven't shut me down, they've set me free!' And you, you're the start of it, of everything!\" \"I am?\" asked Linguini timidly. Ego shrugged dismissively. \"You, her – Collette, I mean . . . your rat! Your rat most especially.\" \"Little Chef?\" \"'Little Chef,'\" said Ego derisively. \"An artist like yourself ought to have a name, you know,\" he addressed Remy. \"Don't you have one?\" Remy nodded. \"You'll have to tell us, then, once we sit down to a drink.\" \"A drink?\" asked Collette. \"But of course!\" cried Ego. \"If we don't talk about it, how will it ever go anywhere?\" \"How will what ever go anywhere?\" \"Oh, I'm getting ahead of myself. I apologize. You see, I have a business proposition for the three of you. I happen to have a good deal of money, perfect for investing in a new name. A new restaurant,\" he smiled, \"for a particularly talented rat.\" ","Summary":" \"Well, Little Chef, I guess this is it,\" said Linguini as he locked up Gusteau's for the last tim"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Same Dish, Just With An Added Chef","Author":"Doorkeeper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13206256","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In early drafts of Pixar's Ratatouille, Gusteau was alive, so this fic plays with that idea. I've also included several headcanon backstories for several of the chefs. I also gave full names to the Chefs: Henri Skinner, Lucien Horst, Theo La Rousse, Jean Pompidou, and Lalo Perrin (because Colette shouldn't be the only one referred to by their first name). \"I don't like secrets. All this cooking a-and reading a-and TV watching while we read and cook. It's like you're involving me in crime. And I let you. Why do I let you?\" Emil questioned. \"Ah!\" Remy called out, hoisting his prize. \"Aquila saffron. Italian. Gusteau says it's excellent. Good thing the old lady is a food lov-\" Remy abandoned his dish as the TV caught his attention. \"Hey! That's Gusteau! Emile, look!\" he called to his brother. \"Great cooking is not for the faint of heart.\" Gusteau said on the screen. \"You must be imaginative, strong-hearted, you must try things that may not work. And you must not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from. Your only limit is your soul. What I say is true, anyone can cook... but only the fearless can be great.\" Remy nodded his agreement. \"Pure poetry.\" \"But it was not to last,\" The TV Narrator continued. \"Gusteau's restaurant lost one of its five stars after a scathing review by France's top food critic, Anton Ego. It was a severe blow to Gusteau, and since then the great chef has rarely been at the restaurant due to an illness. It is this distance is the likely cause of the loss of another star.\" Remy looked at the TV in horror. \"Gusteau... doesn't cook anymore?\" The TV screen snapped off, and Remy and Emil spun to see that the old lady was awake and wielding a shot gun. Soaked and exhausted, Remy waited on the sewer bank with the cookbook. Maybe the clan would find him, maybe they wouldn't. There was just enough light to read, and Remy flipped through the pages of the cookbook that he fought to save. He did his best to ignore the images of food and the gnawing feeling in his stomach. On the opposite page of one of these, was an illustration of Gusteau. The illustration smiled. \"If you are hungry, go up and look around, Remy. Why do you wait and mope?\" the chef said. Maybe it was crazy to talk to a picture, but it wasn't like he had anything else to do. \"I've just lost my family. All my friends. Probably forever,\" Remy said. \"How do you know?\" Gusteau asked. \"Well, I-\" Remy started, then stopped. \"You... are an illustration. Why am I talking to you?\" \"You just lost your family. All your friends,\" Gusteau repeated back at his with a shrug. \"You are lonely.\" \"Yeah, well, you're not here.\" \"Ah... but that is no match for wishful thinking,\" the chef said with a smile. \"If you focus on what you've left behind you will never be able to see what lies ahead. Now go up and look around.\" Remy looked up, considering his options, and took off to explore the night.[Chapter 2] Because high school and college called a snow day, I'm posting the second chapter today. As mentioned before, I have given full names to the chefs: Henri Skinner, Lucien Horst, Jean Pompidou, Lalo Perrin, and Theo La Rousse. As for backstories, I see Horst and Gusteau being old college friends, with the two of them working at different restaurants before Gusteau opened his own. At those different restaurants, Horst befriends La Rousse, and Gusteau befriends Skinner. Gusteau meets Renata around that same time, so the other three also know her. To any who tried to read this story previously, I am so sorry that the file was messed up. I am doing my best to prevent it from happening again. Thank you for giving this story a second chance! Gusteau's has been teetering along for two years now. After Anton Ego's scathing review, the great chef had heart attack, which he only barely survived, and as he was recovering, fell dreadfully ill. It was a reoccurring illness that would sometimes keep him from his beloved kitchen for months, and as he stayed away more and more often, more and more control went to his sous chef, Henri Skinner. Gusteau was still officially the head chef, but in reality the head chef was often Skinner, with Lucien Horst as the de facto sous. The food was still good, but between Ego, the loss of two stars, and Gusteau's illness and lack of presence, attention was waning. With his lack of presence came the dwindle of new dishes from his mind, as he rarely had the strength. Gusteau disapproved of Skinner's frozen foods, but didn't have the strength to fight them like he used to. Instead, when he was there, the chef focused on his other chefs, building them up. Lucien Horst had been faithfully at his side since they had met in school, and the man was a great chef, though more inclined to follow Gusteau's lead. He was a like a brother to Gusteau, a loyal companion. Lalo Perrin was a brillient saucier, who came up with fresh ideas given encouragement, but rarely had the confidence to present them to be used at the restaurant. Gusteau regarded Lalo as he would a nephew. Jean Pompidou was the Pâtissier, and he had a way with dough like no other. Theo La Rousse had been his Chef Garde Manger since the beginning, though the man was closer with Horst than Gusteau. Both Theo and Jean were like cousins to Gusteau. Finally, there was Colette Tatou. The only woman in his kitchen, and she was a master, excelling in almost every area and striving to improve constantly. His only complaint was that she never deviated from the recipe unless prompted. Recreation was a valuable skill to have, yes, but in moderation. Part of recreation was adaptation, the slight edits, improvements, and refinements that came over time. Colette, she was like a daughter to him. Gusteau was just getting over a bout of the illness that night when Horst and La Rousse went behind Skinner's back to hire a garbage boy. He had no idea that a soup had been wreaked in his kitchen by that new garbage boy and then saved by a rat, of all creatures, he merely wondered how they were doing tonight. He wasn't there to join in the panic as that soup went out and was served to a critic, he simply was wondering when he would be able to join them again. Would it be another day until he felt well enough? Or maybe the day after? Or perhaps it would be another week away from his kitchen that he would be forced to endure. He pondered the future of the restaurant as his sous threatened that new garbage boy to come back and recreate that soup. How long would this continue? His illness? The restaurant? Should he just close it and be done? Or let it drag on to a slow demise, where he too was headed? At that same time that a young man, just nineteen and newly alone in the world, made a friend of a rat and took him home, Gusteau retired to bed, too tired to think any longer. Gusteau awoke the next morning feeling better than he had last night. Perhaps he would be able to be at the restaurant tomorrow, perhaps even today! He sat down, opening the paper. He had made it his habit to read the reviews, especially the food reviews. It was good to know what others thought of his restaurant, though rarely was it mentioned anymore, or of others. He loved to hear the details of someone's experience. He even read Anton Ego's when the man deigned to make a review. He found the man too harsh, but he read it anyways. Today, however, held a surprise. His restaurant was in the reviews. The review was from Solena LeClaire. \"... Though I, like many other critics, had written off Gusteau's as irrelevant since the great Chef's illness and subsequent distance from the restaurant, the soup was a revelation, a spicy yet subtle taste experience. Against all odds, Gusteau's has recaptured our attention. Only time will tell if they deserve it.\" Gusteau was stunned. He knew that soup, it was meant to be mild, and an orange- red colour, not creamy white. Someone in that kitchen had been daring. Oh, he was proud of them, whoever it was! His first instinct was that it was Colette, but she didn't experiment on customer's dishes. Horst never would have done it either. Soups weren't La Rousse's area, nor Pompidou's. It might had been Lalo, but he doubted it. Skinner never would have risked such an action, and Gusteau knew that Skinner actively discouraged experimentation. Which left Gusteau back at square one, with no idea who had done it. He needed to go down there. He needed to know who had been the chef to take that risk, because he needed to encourage that spark before Skinner snuffed it out. He would go there tonight! He would meet the chef-! Then a cough racked him. The coughing fit went on, and he was reminded of how fragile this was. How fragile he was, and how he hated it. Hated not being there, doing what he loved! But he was alive, alive to see another day. If it was going to be like that today, he would have to wait till tomorrow, as painful as that was. The next day was better. Gusteau felt good, and even more, he felt determined. He would make it to the restaurant today, and he would meet his daredevil chef. It was afternoon by the time that he finally made it, but he made it for the first time in over two weeks. The entire kitchen came to a halt as he opened the door. Every head looked up, completely silent and completely still. Gusteau chuckled, \"Is this how a kitchen is supposed to be? Frozen, only hours before the dinner rush?\" That cured the stiffness. Every one of his chef's had a smile on or was laughing at that. \"Good have you here!\" La Rousse said. \"Good to be here!\" Gusteau said, pulling his old friend into a bear hug. Work resumed as he made his way around. The only ones he didn't talk to were Horst and Skinner, the former being deep in concentration that Gusteau knew better than to break and the latter shut in the office. He glanced around the kitchen for his youngest chef, Colette, and spotted a face that seemed familiar, but that he couldn't place... \"Hello, sir,\" Colette greeted. \"Colette, you know better than to call me that,\" he said with a smile. Colette gave him a mild smile, and he frowned. Something was off with her today... he just didn't know what. Putting that aside for the moment, he turned to the red haired chef. \"I don't believe we've met, were you recently hired?\" Gusteau asked. \"He was hired as the garbage boy, but he's now the newest chef. He was the one who changed the soup,\" Colette said. \"Linguini,\" the chef stumbled out, and Gusteau's attention turned back to him. \"My name is Alfredo Linguini.\" \"Nice to meet you, Alfredo.\" With a last name like that, he had to be related to Renata. \"Uh, I prefer Linguini,\" the lad said shyly. \"Linguini. Thank you for letting me know,\" Gusteau said, smiling. \"Are you helping him?\" he asked Colette. \"Skinner assigned me to tutor him.\" So that was what was getting to her, she probably felt that Skinner was trying to weigh her down... \"He couldn't have a better chef for a mentor,\" Gusteau said honestly. She was the best of his kitchen. \"What did you add to the soup? It sounds like it had some major changes,\" he asked Linguini. \"Uh... mostly accidental things... I wasn't really meaning to...\" Linguini stuttered. \"Skinner had him make another pot, we still have it,\" Colette offered. \"Well, it seems time to try it!\" Gusteau exclaimed. The soup was indeed excellent, and the lad turned more and more red under the compliments. Colette set the lad off with a task, and Gusteau put a hand on her shoulder. \"What do you think of him?\" he asked. \"If he can follow a recipe as well as he changed that one, he's got talent. Instinctive talent, he's never been to a cooking school,\" Colette said. \"Good, teach him well.\" With that, Gusteau finally made his way to his oldest friend. \"Good to have you here, Skinner sometimes forgets you're still alive,\" Horst said. \"I'm not dead yet,\" Gusteau said, frowning for the first time since entering the kitchen. \"What do you know of the new lad?\" Horst glanced over his shoulder. \"He's Renata's son.\" Gusteau nodded slowly. \"I figured as much, the last name's too rare for him not to be related. I can't believe she's gone...\" \"Auguste,\" Horst put a hand on his shoulder, and Gusteau looked up at him. \"I get it. The fact that she's gone is the reason that she sent him here, for a job.\" \"For a job?\" \"Yes. Theo and I hired him without even mentioning it to Skinner. We needed a garbage boy, and a favour to an old friend. The fact that he's turned out to have talent for cooking is just a bonus.\" \"I'm surprised that Henri kept him on.\" After a stunt like that... Henri must have been furious. \"He wanted to fire him. Colette stood up for him, used your old motto...\" \"Anyone can cook,\" Gusteau said with a grin. ","Summary":" In early drafts of Pixar's Ratatouille, Gusteau was alive, so this fic plays with that idea. I've a"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"A Taste of Christmas","Author":"parislight13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12458302","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1-The start of a new day Beep, Beep, Linguini's alarm clock was going off. \" Shut up, i don't want to wake up!\" linguini groaned putting the pillow over his ears. Beep, Beep \" Why?\" Linguini swung his hand across the night stand, he almost knocked everything down. Sadly, one of the things he did knock down was the alarm clock. He closed his eyes and went to sleep. 2 hours later… Linguini slowly opened his eyes and seen the sun out shining though his huge window. He looked at his night stand and couldn't find his alarm clock. He picked it up off the floor and looked at the time which his eyes widen. \" Little Chef, get up!\" Linguini ran down stairs and grabbed remy. \" Squeek!\" Remy said as Linguini grabbed him. \" We overslept! We have to go!\" Linguini shouted as he pulled his work pants on. He tied his bow tie, Put on his coat, tied on his roller skates, and he skated outside straight over to Colette's apartment. Colette had been working with the two at the new restaurant \"La Ratatouille\" that opened only 3 months ago. Last night she couldn't sleep, so she watched movies (not keeping track of time obviously) till 5 A.M! Ding Dong, The doorbell rang. \" Who is it?\" She yawned. \" Linguini and the Chef!\" Linguini shouted out side of the door. Colette slowly walked towards the door and opened it. \" Hi\" Linguini said with a smile. \" Hi\" Colette said turning away. Linguini walked in and looked around. \" It smells like popcorn\" \" What time is it?\" Colette added changing the subject. \" That is what i need to tell you. It's kinda 10:00\" \" What do you mean! Let's go! We're LATE! They drove until they began to reach a stop light. \" Colette, Why aren't you slowing down?\" Linguini said concerned. \" Colette, Colette. COLETTE!\" Linguini reached over Colette and put on the brakes. BEEP! The truck honked its horn and Colette's eyes popped open. \" What happened?\" she said thrilled and confused. Linguini didn't answer. He had so much adrenaline going through his body. He was pretty sure he was about to faint knowing he was nearly killed by a huge truck. \" Colette, YOU NEARLY GOT US KILLED!\" Linguini shouted to the top of his lungs. \" I'm sorry, i dosed of. You drive, Please!\" Linguini thought about it. He hadn't driven a motorcycle before. Remy looked at him from his pocket with a worried face. He could try. \" Uh...sure.\" Linguini sat in the front. \" Ok\" Colette said calmly. \" Just turn those handles and...AHHHH!\" Linguini followed her instructions to soon. They took of with tons of speed, passing street signs and nearly hitting them. It was crazy! \" STOP THIS THING! NOW\" Colette demanded at the top of her lungs \" I DON'T KNOW HOW!\" Linguini said with so much fear in his voice. \" Press the handles, like a bike! We are going to die!\" Linguini followed her directions and the bike came to a stop, nearly tipping, in the middle of the road. They all tried to catch their breath. \" You know what linguini\" Colette started catching her breath \" I think I'll drive. And this time, I won't fall asleep.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 - Reservations The rest of the day went by fast. Remy and Linguini went outside with Colette to finally lock up. As Colette looked for the key, linguini walked up behind her and began to speak. \" Colette,\" He said tapping her shoulder. \" Ah!\" Colette turned around as fast as she could. \" Oh, You scared me! What is it?\" \" Uh...Would, Do, Did\" Linguini was at loss for words. Colette gave him a confused face. \" Huh?\" Remy put his paw over his face as he watched from linguini's pocket. Linguini was always nervous to ask Colette out because he was scared of her saying no. Remy didn't think it was such a big deal, but to Linguini it was. \" Doyouwanttogotodinner?\" Linguini blurted out all at once squeezing his eyes shut. He opened one and seen Colette with the same confused face. \" Linguini, could you speak english?\" Colette chuckled. \" Sorry. I meant to ask you if...uh...Do you want to go to dinner?\" Their was a slight pause. \" Sure.\" Colette smiled. Linguini gave a sigh of relief. \" Have you heard of l'Astrance?\" \" You mean the best restaurant in paris!\" Remy gave a fierce frown to Colette. \" Besides our restaurant. Ours is the best, way better.\" Colette added with a smile. \" Sorry Mon Chef. Yes, of course I've heard of it.\" \" Well\" Linguini started. \" I was able to get reservations for 9:00.\" \" What! How?\" \" I have my ways\" Linguini stood up straight with a great, goofy smile. \"I can pick you up in 30 minutes. Wait... I don't have a car.\" Linguini blushed in embarrassment. Colette began to laugh. \" How about I pick you up.\" Colette interrupted. \" Thanks Colette\" linguini placed his arm on her shoulder. ... The clock read 8:45, and Colette was still not ready. \"Oh, where is she? We're going to be late!\" Remy just lifted his shoulders and continued watching TV. \" Ok. shower, check. Teeth brushed, and suit and tie. I think I'm ready, right little chef. He didn't answer. Linguini sat on the couch next to Remy. \" I've seen this movie before. It's really good\" He tried to get Remy's attention, but he just continued to watch the movie ignoring anything else. \" Why don't you listen to me anymore. We've been friends for 2 months now, and I know for a fact this is not how you usually act. What's happening? Is there something wrong?\" Remy shook his head. \" Well if there is anything you need, I'm here for you Little Chef. Oh, and thanks for getting me those reservations. I don't know how you did it.\" Linguini smiled. A few seconds later, the doorbell rang. Linguini rushed to the door and seen Colette wearing a purple dress with a sweater and small heals. She had on blue gloves and the same colored scarf. \" Wow...Colette, you look beautiful!\" Linguini said gesturing her in. Colette smiled. \" Thanks. You look really good...uh...too.\" \" Thanks, we should be going. Not to rush you, but I don't want our reservation to be canceled.\" \" Oh, yeah. Bye Mon chef.\" \" Bye Little Chef. We'll be back at...Uh… 12:00, maybe.\" Remy waved his paw and sat back on the couch. He felt bad for ignoring linguini. He was just tired. He heard a knock on the window, and got up to see who it was. \" Hey Remy!\" Emile struggled to hold a box of candy canes. \" A little help please!\" \" Oh, ok.\" Remy opened the window and took the box on the countertop next to the sink. \" So, how has it been going little brother.\" Emile smiled and gave his brother a hug. \" Ok, I'm just tired.\" \" Well, you know Christmas is around the corner.\" \" Christmas! I forgot about that holiday!\" Remy said sitting on the edge of the counter. \" Holiday? I thought it was just a day when people have a feast and throw out perfectly good food.\" \" Emile, how many times do I tell you. The food that is thrown out is garbage!\" Remy explained \" Well, it taste good to me.\" Emile ate another candy cane. \"Uh, well anyway. Christmas is a holiday that humans celebrate. They put up decorations and a Christmas tree. They also make cookies and cook up a feast!\" Remy cheered \" That sounds great! Especially the part about the feast!\" Emile encouraged. Remy began to think of an idea. Maybe he should help linguini decorate. Or he could put the decorations up for linguini as a surprise. That would be a great way to payback linguini for everything he's done for him. \" Hey Emile\" \" yeah?\" \" Could you tell Dad to bring the clan.\" \" Why?\" \" Because, I have an idea!\" ... \" What do you mean we're late!\" Linguini said, his voice cracking. \" Sorry misure, we have given your table to another dinner. It is offley busy tonight\" \" We better get a refund!\" Colette said walking outside. \" Sir, do you understand that their is no refund.\" Linguini gave a sigh \" yes.\" He walked outside and sat next to Colette on a bench. \" So what did he say\" Colette started. \" Nothing\" Linguini sighed \" So what did you want to do now?\" \" I heard their was an Amusement Park somewhere around here. Maybe we should go.\" \" Sure, that's sounds fun. I'm going to stop at my apartment to change first. I don't really like wearing dresses. I just wore one for dinner.\" \" Ok\" linguini agreed sitting on the motorcycle. ... \" Ok everyone!\" Remy said to the clan. \" Today we are going to decorate for Christmas. Now Christmas is a holiday. Not a day to collect leftover feast scraps. First we will start with the tree, which I put up as you can see. Your job Is to decorate the tree with tinsel, ornaments, and lights. I will put the star on top. Got it. \" Yes\" the clan started heading towards the box full of decorations. \" Wait!\" Remy added making the clan stop and listen. \" I'm going to put you guys into groups. The group standing by the kitchen is team one. The group by the tree is team two. And the rest of you are team three.\" Remy paused to think. \" Ok\" he continued \" team one will be handling lights, team two will be handling tinsel, and team three will be handling ornaments. Get to you stations everybody! Let's go, go, go! And remember to be careful with the ornaments!\" ... \" This is crazy.\" Linguini gulped as he stepped into the ride. It stood 107 feet tall, with twist and turns like a slithering snake. \" Why am I doing this?\" linguini continued whispering to himself. The ride began to move. Linguini held the handles and kept whispering \" I'm not gonna die, I'm not gonna die…\" Colette looked at him and gave a small laugh. The coaster continued to rise. As soon as it reached the top, linguini clenched Colette's hand, grabbed the rail, and scream as loud as he could. \" AHHHH\" Almost everyone scream as they felt the ride drop. All Colette could hear was the sound of linguini's scream and the ride dash through twist and turns. The 107 foot tall coaster finally came to a stop. Linguini's eyes stared in shock, and Colette could barely feel her hand. They stepped out of the ride and linguini fled to a trashcan. \"Well there goes the pizza he ate earlier\" Colette whispered to herself with a disgusted look. ... The house was a disaster. There were tons on rat's scattering around the living room. Crash! \" There goes another ornament.\" Remy sighed. The clock read 11:00. One hour until linguini was expected to come back. Remy sighed again. His plan was a complete failure. Remy looked at Emile who was eating a candy cane. \" Emile, how many of those have you eaten?\" \" I don't know, about three...or four…\" Emile was cut off by Remy. \" Or THE WHOLE BOX! Emile, you knew we needed those!\" \" For what?\" \" THE TREE!\" \" oh.\" Remy sat on the floor next to the tree. His eyes wandered around, then stopped at a rat. It had light tan fur that shined in the light. \" Who is that?\" Remy thought. She noticed him staring at her. \" Um…Can I help you Sir?\" She said with a smile. Her voice was light, yet you could still hear strength. Remy stopped staring. \" Oh, no. I'm...uh fine.\" \" Oh well, nice to meet you I'm Nicolette. You can call me Nicole.\" \" Oh, nice to meet you Nicole. I'm Remy.\" They shook hands. \" Well, it was nice meeting you. See you around.\" She began to walk away, but Emile stopped her. \" Hey Nicole.\" \" Oh, Hi Emile! Is this your brother?\" \" Oh ya, sorry if he was bothering you\" Remy gave him an rude look. \" Oh no, he's really polite.\" \"Well that's good.\" Remy interrupted, \"Wait you know her?\" \" Well ya, we've known each other since we we're little kids.\" \" Oh wow.\" Remy heard more ornaments break. \" Be careful with those ornaments! Same with the reef! Ug, those rat's just can't listen can they.\" Nicolette gave a chuckle. \" Well, I can help you.\" \" Ok\" Emile interrupted, \" I'll give you guys some space.\" \"Uh...ok. So, what brought you here Nicolette?\" \" I just like Christmas. I see more than just food in the Holiday.\" \" Me too!\" \" Really?\" \" Ya, that's what I was trying to explain to fatty over their.\" \"That's what you call him?\" \" No…I just said that now. Oh, nevermind.\" \" Oh, I also came because of the girls.\" \" What girls?\" Remy began to give a concerned face. \" The ones I take care of.\" \" Wait, you have a husband?\" \" Oh, no!\" \" Oh.\" He gave a sigh of relief. \" I found them when they we're just tiny rat pups. They were adorable!\" \" Aw. Where are they?\" \" They could be anywhere!\" Remy gave a small laugh. \" MOM!\" A small rat with brown fur scurried across the floor. \" MOM!\" A smaller and lighter brown rat ran behind the first. \" Mom, She took my ornament!\" the first rat cried. \" WHAT! Lier!\" the second rat said nearly crying. \" Are these two the girls?\" \" Yup, these are the girls.\" Nicole gave a sigh. \" Oh.\" Remy said smiling at them. \" Well, that's Evelyn\" she said pointing to the brown rat. \" Hey Mommy, who…\" the lighter brown rat was interrupted by her mom. \" And that one is Elenore. She likes to be called Elaina most of the time, but she doesn't care\" \" They are both cute.\" \" Oh, trust me. Not all the time they are so sweet and innocent.\" \" Did you hear what you're mom said about you?\" Remy smiled turning towards the two girls standing confused and silent. \" Uh…\" one of the twins said standing close to her mom. \" You guys look pretty sweet to me.\" \" Thank you\" Elenore smiled shyly at him. \" Well,\" Nicole interrupted \" I think we'll be going now. The girls need to rest, and I need to get home and eat. I'm starving!\" \" You may stay here if you like.\" \" No, it's fine. See ya around.\" \" Ok, bye.\" Nicole began walking away with Evelyn and Elena. \" Wow.\" Remy said before being interrupted by Emile. \" Do you like her?\" \" Ah!\" Remy was startled by Emile \" Do you like her?\" Emile repeated \" Well as a friend, yes.\" \" No, I mean do you like her like...uh, you know what I mean!\" \" Maybe\" Remy said as fast as he could. \" Wait what! No, I don't like her!\" \" Really, so that's why you we're talking to her for an hour.\" \" What? That's crazy. I wasn't talking to her for an hour. Wait. What time is it?\" \" 12:15. Why?\" Remy heard the key clicking in the door. \" That's why!\" \" I still don't get it.\" \" Oh, nevermind idiot! Hurry up and tell everyone to leave through that window. NOW! \" Ok.\" Emile did his task. Remy looked around. He seen rat's scattering through a window. He seen broken ornaments on the floor. The Christmas tree was tilted to the right. A few seconds later, after all the rats were out except for himself and Emile, the door opened. \" Hey little chef! How's it goi…\" linguini stopped and took a few seconds to look around. \" What the heck!\" Colette added as she walked in. \" What happened in here?\" Remy looked at both of them who were just standing there confused of what happened. \" Did you throw a party in here.\" Linguini started walking around. He stopped when he stepped on a broken ornament. \" Ow!\" What is... SMOKEY! What did you do to Smokey! Oh no!\" He's in pieces!\" Linguini cried. Smokey? Who the heck was Smokey. Remy thought to himself. \" Ok. You have a lot of explaining to do.\" Colette crossed her arms and looked him straight in the eyes. \" Well…\" Remy tried to explain in the best sign language he could do. \" I tried to decorate for linguini in apologie or me ignoring him, so I thought Christmas was coming soon. That gave me the idea of decorating. So I invited the clan over to help, but I got distracted. That is when they began ruining the decorations instead of helping. You guys came so fast, I didn't have a chance to clean up.\" \" Wow, you said that in just signs. I'm impressed\" Colette said with a lighter tone Remy nodded. \" But you still aren't getting out of trouble\" \" Why little chef! This was my only childhood memory, and you broke it!\" Remy sighed. This was going to be a long night for him. Thank you guys for reading this long chapter. I hope you enjoyed. And please review! I need advice. As you may see, I am only 13 and not the most talented writer. :D ","Summary":" Chapter 1-The start of a new day Beep, Beep, Linguini's alarm clock was going off. \" Shut up, i do"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Remy's day off","Author":"TCTW","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11365041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paris is a beautiful city. Me, not so much, mostly because I am not a city. But I'm not beautiful either. You see, I'm a rat. My name is Remy. And as weird as it sounds, I work in one of the finest restaurants in Paris. You may have heard of Auguste Gusteau, best cook ever and all... No? Well, he is the founder of this restaurant. But he died before I even got the chance to work here. That was one of the saddest days of my life. Anyway, I work paired with this young man Lunguini. He is a little... hm... terrible at cooking by himself, so I have been helping him by controlling his cooking skills with his hair. To date, I still ask myself how is that supposed to be possible, but that doesn't really matter as long as it works, right? What I would like to tell you about is something that happened couple of weeks ago, on my day off, I guess. (Linguini had a day off, so technically...) It started as a casual Saturday morning. I was walking right by the river Seine, with not too many people noticing me. Those who did, were mostly avoiding me. Few tried to hit me so that I would fall into Seine and drown myself. Ha, fail. In time, I got on Pont des Arts bridge. (The one with all those padlocks, which fell apart.) I wanted to cross the bridge, but you know, humans were on the way. So I decided I'd rather not. Instead, I got up on the hilt and saw the most awesome panorama ever! I could even see the Eiffel tower from there. By this point, it was probably around 11:00 AM. It was somewhat cloudy. Naturally, everyone around me was like: - Ew, a rat! - so they all ran away from me. But, someone hit me (accidentally) and I fell in Seine. That was not exactly non-painful, since the fall was from, I'd say, 20 meters of height! I fell too deep into the water. I did almost drown myself! I took a really deep breath, but I felt like it wouldn't be enough. I was swimming towards the surface as fast as possible, and just as I was about to lose the breath, I got out. Good thing I was wrong about that breath. So I was all wet, and I went climbing to the nearest concrete floor... and then someone grabbed my hand and pulled me over! And I just yelled: - Hey! I hit the ground with my butt a little too hard. - Ow! - Sorry - said that who pulled me. So I opened my eyes widely to see who it was. It was a female rat. Much older than me, and brown. I did not recognize her from the rat clan I had been living in before going to that restaurant. She was looking at me kinda strangely, with a look that didn't seem very pleasing. At least not to me. - Are you okay? - she asked me. - Yes, thanks - I replied, to which she instantly continued: - I'm sorry, I couldn't just stand there and watch you suffering and do nothing. - Oh... - I muttered, still petrified from that near-death experience. - Thank you, then. We looked each other in the eyes for a few seconds. It was awkward. - I am Ella - she introduced herself. So I went the same way: - Remy - and we shook hands.[Chapter 2] So I started talking to this Ella, and, well, it turned out to be... interesting. \"So, Ella... where are you from?\" \"Oh...\" Ella suddenly lost the smile on her face. \"I've been living all around France for the past... I don't even know how many years.\" There was a brief moment of silence. Then she continued: \"I tried to find my friends. And my family. Anywhere they could have been. But they were nowhere to be found.\" I felt somewhat of empathy. So I asked her: \"How did it happen?\" \"What?\" \"How did you even get lost?\" \"I'd rather not talk about it...\" and she turned her head on the other side. I slowly approached her and stood right next to her. We were both looking at our shining reflections in Seine. Then, I turned my head towards her, put my hand on her shoulder and said: \"Oh, come on, it can't be that awful.\" Then she looked at me, with a tear in her eye, and sighed. She started to tell me the story. \"My husband and I got into a fight. Over something most ridiculous. Our children's way of life. I told him that they were just little kids and that they can't think for themselves yet, but he wouldn't listen. So I got angry at him and ran away. From our whole clan. I went as far as possible (I even made it as far as Marseille). But, after some time, I started to miss him. And my children. Oh, dear, if only I knew what he did to my children. I tried to go back. I tried to find him again. But I just couldn't find him. Anywhere. So I stopped trying. Who knows what he would think if he saw me after all these years.\" Ella closed her eyes and started to cry. Even I let out a tear. I decided to ask her just one more thing. \"What was your husband's name?\" She kept looking in the water and told me: \"Django.\" And then, I felt a little shocked, because Django is my dad's name! And you know what this means? Exactly, this Ella I was talking to was my mother![Chapter 3] I could not believe what I was just experiencing. I've never met my mom, I only knew dad and my older bother (Emile). But mom, I never knew. And now she was standing in front of me, talking to me, and probably unaware that she's talking to her son. So, when she said the name 'Django', I stood there dumbly and watched her stupidly. Then, after a silence conveniently short enough, I strangely said: - ...Django? - Yes - she replied. And then sighed. She looked away again and continued to speak: - But what I fear the most is what my children would think... And there, I just had to interrupt her. - Emile and Remy? - Yes - she said, and apparently she was totally confused by this. - How do you know? - How do you think I know? - I said, not even thinking for a second about whether what I said was right or not. She looked at me, in confusion and pain at the same time, and I looked her straight in the eyes, trying to make her understand what I meant. And after really long fifteen seconds, she jumped back. I guess she understood, because next moment she said, in a voice of hope: - Remy? For my whole life, I've been trying to make those around me happy, but also to make things right. And this was most certainly no exception. I asked this woman, seriously, but with a little fear inside my legs: - Are you my mom? And despite the fact that it started to rain heavily, that one car got struck by a lightning, two people drowned, some others ran away from somewhere, and a boat broke down - despite all that, this Ella, apparently my mother, was looking at me carefully. At one moment she smiled. Next thing you know, she hugged me tightly. So then, it was all clear. - Oh, Remy, my dear little Remy, how I missed you so much... how much you've grown... you're so pretty... How are you? She was smiling and she seemed happy, but me - not at all. - Good... great. - And how is your brother? - He's fine too... I guess... I was somewhat devastated by the situation. I don't know why. It's just that... something didn't feel right. So I asked her something: - Why did you leave? - I know I had heard the answer just minutes before it, but I just... I just felt the urge to ask. And much to my surprise, she didn't get pissed off for she had just told me that, but she answered again. But this time, the response was different. - Your father didn't love me the way I am. And there was silence afterwards. I didn't know what to say next, and as it seemed to me, neither did my mom. We now weren't looking each other in the eyes. The silence was really long. Not seemed, but really was long. ... After some time, she decided to break the silence. - And yet, have had two kids. Isn't it funny? It wasn't funny at all. In fact, it was the most shocked and devastated and torn I have ever been in my life. - But why don't you come back? - I asked her, and she said: - Your father still wouldn't accept me. He doesn't like anything that's different. He just wants everything to be his way. I don't have the slightest intention of living with someone like that. Another long silence. - Oh... - I said, not knowing really what to say. - I'm sorry, Remy - she said, and hugged me again and started to cry. - I'm really sorry. And then she let go off me and went away. And I never saw her again in my life. To this day, I still wonder. I'm still confused by what happened that day. I'm a grown rat, with a job and everything, and only recently did I find out the truth about my mother. And it was disturbing. I'll never see her again. Should I tell someone about this? My chef? My dad? Brother? Anyone?! Better not. No one needs to know. Some things are better left untouched. This has also learnt me one more thing: to never take a day off again. Yes, I know it sounds ridiculous, but even on the most ordinary day, things can happen. What kind of things? Just... things. ","Summary":" Paris is a beautiful city. Me, not so much, mostly because I am not a city. But I'm not beautiful e"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"I'm Sorry, I'm Sorry, I'm Sorry","Author":"Myra109","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12740366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A random idea that popped into my head. It's sad and full of angst and tragedy; you have been warned. I wrote this for the 2013 version, but it can go with the 1970s one. I've never seen the other version (2002, I think?), but I'm pretty sure it would make sense to that one, too. Disclaimer: I own nothing WARNINGS: CHARACTER DEATH, MENTIONS OF CHILD ABUSE AND MURDER Carrie White was dead. Chris Henderson couldn't believe it. Chris had always thought Carrie White's death would be something that would go unnoticed. Invisible in life, invisible in death, and never did Chris think she'd be affected. When Carrie White died, the entire school was hit hard. Months were filled with silence and mourning and grief and guilt. Especially guilt. Chris was a bully. She couldn't- wouldn't- deny that. She was a jerk and awful and mean and a bunch of other words I cannot use in order to keep this child friendly (for the most part. After all, nothing about Carrie's death can be considered child friendly). Chris wasn't stupid. She knew something strange was occurring behind the doors in that house. She knew that whatever it was couldn't be good. She saw the bruises, the scratches, but she never did anything. No one did. Carrie came to school once with a broken nose and no one looked at her twice. She came to school missing clumps of hair- as though someone had ripped it out- more than once and all anyone ever did was laugh. It took her dying for anyone to accept the truth and slip away from the sweet waters of denial and into the rough ocean of truth. Chris was battered and bruised and beaten by this ocean, and she couldn't escape it. Denial was no longer a possibility. She had to accept the truth. Chris liked to think of herself as strong, but that was one thing she didn't think she had the strength to do. Chris closed the door to her room after school, and her knees hit the floor as she sobbed. \"I'm sorry,\" she murmured. \"I'm sorry.\" Before Carrie died, Chris never would have thought of Carrie White as strong. Carrie's death changed that very quickly. Now, Chris wouldn't hesitate to say that Carrie was stronger than her. Carrie White was dead. Rita Desjardins couldn't believe it. Rita always believed that most of the kids at the high school she worked at were heartless and cruel. Her mind changed when she saw most of these heartless and cruel students crying real tears at Carrie White's funeral. If only they'd realized how horrible they'd been to her before she died. Maybe she'd still be alive today if that were the case... Rita believed that she could save Carrie, but her problem was... she didn't know half of Carrie's problems. She knew about the bullying, the insecurity; she'd suspected depression, and she'd known that Carrie's mother had something to do with Carrie's low self esteem, but she didn't think that Margaret White would harm her own child. Margaret was strict and incredibly religious, but Rita never thought she was abusive. After all, the Bible says provoke not your children and do not harm a child of God. By abusing Carrie, Margaret was committing at least two sins, and even if Margaret wasn't religious, Carrie was her daughter. Margaret should've loved her, cared for her, not hit her, or beat her, or locked her in a closet. Why was the world so messed up? Rita saw bruises on Carrie's arm a few times. Carrie had to sit out of gym class because of a broken nose once. She'd come to school in the clothes she'd worn the day before; she'd come to school with strange bald spots, frequent injuries, and reoccurring bruises on her cheeks (like she'd been slapped repeatedly). How had no one put it together? Rita wanted to deny how Carrie died. She hated to say this, but it would've been easier to accept Carrie's death if Carrie killed herself. Suicide seemed like a much more likely death for the timid girl in the back of the class. Dying by her mother's hand... it was even more horrible than if Carrie had died by her own because it meant that Carrie was betrayed by the person that was supposed to love her the most. Rita couldn't help wondering over and over again: How did we not notice? How did I not notice? Rita closed the door to her office and sunk to the floor, her head in her hands. \"I'm sorry,\" she murmured. \"I'm sorry.\" Carrie White was dead. Tommy Ross couldn't believe it. He wouldn't believe it... if he hadn't been the one to find her. She'd died-no, been killed - on the night before the prom and when Tommy arrived to pick her up the following night, no one was home. Or so it seemed. He'd searched the house for her before finally finding her in that awful closet. Beaten bloody and nearly dead. Tommy hadn't known Carrie White well, but after hearing her poem in English class, he'd begun to develop curiosity. Carrie White was a mystery to the world, and Tommy wanted to solve the mystery, unlike many others, who shied away from it. Sue may have asked him to ask Carrie to the prom, but as the days passed, he became more excited, more enthused, about his date with Carrie. He honestly didn't know why, but... after Carrie died, he realized it was because he'd fallen for her. He'd fallen for the shy girl, the freak of the school, 'Creepy Carrie'. As the day of the prom grew nearer, he stopped thinking of her as anything but Carrie White, and he didn't think or say her name like it was a disease. She was just Carrie and nothing more, and he wanted to know more about Carrie White. He never got the chance. He'd tried to save her. She'd been breathing when he opened the closet. He'd given her CPR, called 911, but she ended up dying in his arms five minutes after he found her and seconds before the ambulance arrived. Logically, he knew that there was nothing he could have done to stop her from dying, but that didn't stop him from thinking that maybe-just maybe - he could have saved her. He would live with guilt for the rest of his life. He would forever think that his only kiss with Carrie White was when he was giving her CPR. He could forever think that the only time he was touched by Carrie's heart was when he was pressing on her chest, trying to get her heart to beat. He could forever remember the closest he got to Carrie White was holding her lifeless body in his arms and when he cried over her casket a week afterward. His best memory with her was the day he asked her to the prom, and he wanted his best memory with her to be their prom night, which Carrie never got to see. To his dying day, he would believe that he could've saved her. He fell to his knees in the center of the hospital waiting room after Carrie was officially pronounced dead and burst into tears. \"I'm sorry,\" he sobbed. \"I'm sorry.\" Carrie White was dead. Margaret White couldn't believe it. She'd killed her own daughter. Margaret hadn't meant to. Honestly. Carrie had accidently used her powers, and in that single moment, Margaret saw the devil and not her daughter. She lost it- truly lost it. The world went black, and when the black seeped away from her vision, she saw her only child lying on the floor, bleeding. Margaret panicked. She tossed Carrie in the closet, packed her things, and ran. She's a horrible mother, and she knows it, but she's a coward. She won't deny it. She'd been caught three days after Carrie is found, and she didn't resist as the officers shoved her into the car. They weren't gentle, and she didn't expect them to be. Child abuse is rare in this town, but when there's a case of child abuse, especially when the child dies, the entire town turns on the abuser. There was not one child abuser found not guilty in this town, even if there was only a shred of evidence that made it possible to convict. Child abuse was one of the worst crimes you could commit in this town; it's a horrible crime anywhere, but in this town, it's an especially heinous crime. Margaret knew this, and she was willing to accept her punishment. She killed her daughter, and she needed to pay the price. Thou shalt not kill. \"I'm sorry,\" she whimpered. \"I'm sorry.\" Carrie White was dead. She couldn't believe it. Sue had made mistakes. She'd bullied Carrie, and she'd tried to make up for it, but it wasn't enough because Carrie died alone . Carrie died alone, and she died thinking Sue and so many others didn't care enough to try and save her. They didn't know what happened, but Carrie didn't think they would have cared if they did, and things shouldn't have been this way. Sue would give anything for another chance... \"Please believe me, Carrie. If I could go back and save you, I would. Please believe me,\" Sue begged to the tombstone of Carrie White two weeks after the funeral. Of course, the tombstone doesn't respond, and Sue can only hope Carrie heard her. \"I'm sorry,\" she cried. \"I'm sorry.\" Eight months later, Sue names her child Carrie, and she isn't entirely surprised when Carrie Snell grows up to look just like Carrie White. She even develops powers like Carrie (not that Sue knew Carrie had powers before her death). The only difference between the two girls is that Carrie Snell reached her eighteenth birthday while Carrie White did not. What'd you think? Make sure to review. ","Summary":" A random idea that popped into my head. It's sad and full of angst and tragedy; you have been warne"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Carrie: Redemption","Author":"Rukaii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11738712","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carrie Redemption I knew I didn't have time to waste. She was lost in her despair. As stones pummeled that house, I knew I had to act quickly if I wanted to change the future. The future that I had fore-seen... you see, I am in a way, very much like this girl... My name is Eric Helios and I am a Clairvoyant. A series of visions have led me here to Chamberlain, Maine. I only wish I was able to arrive before that horrific tragedy at Ewen High School had taken place... When I arrived, a slim, tall blond girl had been ejected from the house. It was clear to me that this girl wasn't the one I was looking for, however she seemed to be in distress. As she stirred, she had noticed me. I wanted to avoid contact with anyone who wasn't part of my mission, so when she approached me, I subdued her with a syringe containing a sedative. Gently placing her now unconscious frame on the lawn of the nearby property, I proceeded with haste towards the house that was nearly in ruins. Upon entering the house, I finally had located her – the person of interest in regards to my mission: Carrie White. I needed to keep my mind clear and calm if was to have any luck in persuading this poor girl. She knelt, crouched over a deceased woman – probably her mother. I probably should have chosen the path of least resistance and sneak up behind her. In that scenario, subduing her the same way I had the girl outside would have been easy... However, if I wanted to convince this girl to follow the path of redemption... I would have to first gain her trust. So, in my endeavor to do just that, I approached Carrie White directly. It was within seconds that I found myself unable to move on my own power. Carrie looked up, her eyes full of self loathing and despair... These eyes surely did not trust a complete and total stranger such as myself. I must act quickly or my fate may very well be the same the one I had foreseen for Miss White... \"Carrie White... I understand your despair, your grief, and above all – your suffering. I too know what it's like to be branded an outcast.\" \"Liar. You're just trying to trick me... like all the rest... I don't even know you! How could you possibly understand?!\" The force of this girls power was impressive. I was being slowly driven back by her telekinetic power. I was running out of time... \"You are a telekinetic and I am a clairvoyant... my clairvoyance has brought me to you, Miss White... I do not wish to see you die tonight. Let me help you.\" \"Even... if you understand me, my pain... even if... you're like me... it doesn't matter. I've committed... horrible, unforgivable sins. I killed so many people tonight... including my Momma... There's no reason... for me to live...\" \"No, you're wrong, Miss White. There still is a reason for you to continue living.\" Her eyes looked up, for the first time they were not of self loathing or despair but contained a glimmer of perhaps... hope. I only needed one more push and I would have her. \"A reason... for me to me to continue to live... what possibly could that be?\" \"Redemption. There is work you can do with your powers, Miss White. You can redeem yourself for your actions of tonight. All you have to do... is take my hand, and come with me. Leave this place behind and begin your life anew with me and the organization in which I represent.\" \"Who...are you?\" \"My name is Eric Helios,\" I respond as I extend my hand as a peace offering to her. She looked at my hand for a moment, perhaps contemplating if I were merely tricking her as she had eluded to earlier. But, a moment later, she extended her hand in return. Taking her hand in mine, the rocks which were showering the house had all abruptly stopped. \"Eric... what now?\" Carrie asked in a small, curious sounding voice. \"Now? Now we leave this place. It's probably only a matter of time before this place is over run by the authorities. We mustn't forget what happened tonight. You have indeed committed grave sins, however you are wrong if you believe they were unforgivable. There is redemption for you yet, Miss White, of that I guarantee. Let us head out the back, there is a wooded area there that will aid us in our eluding of others.\" As I started to leave, Carrie stopped for a moment to look back at her deceased mother who lay amidst the house ruins. \"I've got to go now, Momma...\" After making her peace, she and I left the house ruins out the back and into the woods. As we continued to make our escape, we engaged in further conversation. I could tell that she was very much interested in me and the organization in which I represented. It was only fair that I divulge such info as we would be working together for the foreseeable future. \"You told me your name was Eric Helios... and that you were part of some organization. What organization are you talking about?\" \"Our organization doesn't have a name, per se... however it does make up many ESPer's.\" \"ESPer's?\" \"Extra Sensory Perception users. Each member of our organization has powers similar to yours, Miss White. There is no need for you to feel like an 'outcast' any more. There are many who are very much like you. I was quite sincere when I said that earlier.\" For a moment, Carrie had stopped walking. I too slowed my pace to a stop and turned to face her. She looked up into my eyes and spoke... \"If you foresaw the tragedy of tonight... why didn't you stop it from happening? You would've prevented so many deaths...\" \"These visions I have, Miss White... I do not choose when to have them. They simply... happen when they happen. I came here as soon as I could. I was too late to pin point the exact location as to exactly when the 'event' would take place. What I did learn was that your name was Carrie White, that you were high school student at Ewen High School, and that you are a Telekinetic. Using the knowledge I had learned through my vision, I was able to locate you as quickly as I could. I truly wish I had arrived here to your house sooner, before your 'Prom'... but it couldn't be helped.\" \"I see...\" \"I truly am sorry, Miss White—\" \"Carrie.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"I don't think I should be using that last name anymore... So for now, just 'Carrie' is fine, Eric.\" \"I see,\" I respond with a chuckle, turning around to continue through the woods, \"Carrie it is then.\" \"You spoke of 'redemption', Eric... Just what did you mean by that? Is there truly a way in which I could be redeemed in lieu of the sins I've committed?\" \"Certainly, Carrie. You see our organization travels all over the world to help those in need of our 'services'. Using our 'abilities' we provide a 'service' to those who need it.\" \"Like the police?\" \"Hmm... I suppose in a way one could compare us to the police. However, one can't exactly pick up the phone and call us whenever they wish. You see, it's those who are telepaths and clairvoyants, like myself, who locate those who are in need. Once we learn of those who are in need of our help, we rush out immediately to assist them.\" \"Ah... so that's how it was with me, then?\" \"Precisely, Carrie. That's exactly how it was.\" \"So, what now?\" \"Now, Carrie? Now you will use your telekinetic abilities for good. You will use them to help people. You will use them in such a manner that you will atone for the crimes you've committed tonight. That is what I meant when I spoke of 'redemption'.\" For the first time that night, I saw Carrie smile. Albeit a soft, almost melancholic smile... It was a smile all the same. I am truly happy I was able to make it in time. It wasn't the first time I had seen visions regarding, Carrie. In one vision I had seen her die in a fire and in another, more recent vision, I had seen her die in the house we had just left following a barrage of rocks... I was truly able to alter this girls destiny today. For the first time... I succeeded in changing the future. As to what the future holds for Carrie now... well, only time will tell... Author's Note: This is a bit of a deviation from my normal works here on FanFictionNet. Up until now, all my projects can be found in the Anime section of this site. This is the first 'Movie-Based' project I have decided to embark upon. I had recently viewed the most recent remake of 'Carrie' and enjoyed three quarters of it. As you can see by the way this story starts out, the ending of that movie was by far the most frustrating thing I found with that movie. So, this story sets the course of my Original Character, Eric Helios, a clairvoyant who seeks out Carrie White to bring her in to the organization in which he belongs to help her on her path to Redemption. There are so many things we as people do in life that we regret. Some of these things find others unforgiving of our actions. In Carrie's case, she committed some horrible atrocities using her newly awakened powers to seek revenge. We realize that as viewers, perhaps this is the outcome that we deemed as justified? Perhaps some did not? But in the end, I believed that in order to find salvation and redemption, Carrie White needed to survive. By surviving that fateful night, she has the chance to use her powers for a greater good and help right the wrongs she had committed. True, nothing will bring back the lives she had taken that night in Chamberlain... however, if she could use her powers to save lives in the future... That in and of itself is perhaps a great start on the road to redemption. ","Summary":" Carrie Redemption I knew I didn't have time to waste. She was lost in her despair. As stones pummel"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Blood White Ghost","Author":"vayne hellsing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12951489","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1, Once upon a Dream. Rita Desjardin knew she was asleep, she had to be. Because Carrie White was standing in front of her, still in the blood stained dress she where at prom. Carrie was smiling, it was twisted, mad, full of sadness and hate. Sadness over the fact that no one cared about her, that her mother was right, they all did laughed at hate so much hate, over her life how everyone though in Chamberlain though she was like her mother, how all her classmates bullied her over anything and everything. Rita hate that smile even in her dreams, that smile had no place on Carrie's face. What's worse is Carrie started talking, well yeling. \"It's all your fault, if you would just do something, anything stop them, BUT NO YOU DID NOTHING JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE!\" Rita wanted to yell back, that no it wasn't, there was nothing she could do. That she tried to help her. But she couldn't because she didn't, not in school, around town, nor the prom. Oh god the prom where everything when wrong, where so many died, where she last saw Carrie. The yelling coutuned. \"IF YOU JUST LISTEN TO SUE, YOU COULD'VE STOPPED IT BUT NOOOOOO, I'M RITA DESJARDIN I KNOW EVERYTHING, ESPECIALLY ANYTHING ABOUT CARRIE, LIKE HOW I KNEW THAT HER MOTHER BEAT HER, WHAT A JOKE YOU ARE HAHAHAHAHAHA\" Carrie was laughing, not a laugh at a joke or even a sarcastic laugh, no this was The Laugh. The broken laugh she had as she slaghered her classmates. That same broken laughter that made Rita hered every night for the last 5 years. Every time she saw kids bully other kids, that laugh made her blood run cold. Then the laughing was stopped by a squish sound, followed by a body hitting the ground. Looking over Rita saw the headless body of Carrie on the ground. She screamed as she backed away until she hit a wall. She sodded out \"No no, not again I'm sorry I'm so sorry\" Rita repeated over, and over crying into her hands. \"Stop\" a commanding but soft voice said and then foot setpes. Looking up Rita saw another Carrie. This one was in a white night gown covered in blood as was her hair, but this Carrie had no hate in her eyes nor in her smile. In the place of hate was happiness. The sadness was still there but there was happiness too. Rita was confused why was this Carrie happy but sad. \"She was wrong you know, you did more than anyone\" Carrie said soft and caring Rita looked up confused, she had done nothing as Carrie was bullied at school, she couldn't stop it. Carrie kneeled down and hugged Rita, whispering into her ear. \"You where that first person to show me kindness, you looked out for me, comforted me when i was sad or crying, even just asking how was I, was more than anyone else ever did. You where more of a Mother than Margaret ever was. Thank you Rita. . . . No thank you Mother. . . .\" *RING RING RING* Rita was in her bed, still crying. \"I'm sorry Carrie\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1, Once upon a Dream. Rita Desjardin knew she was asleep, she had to be. Because Carrie Whi"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Carrie and her Prodigy Friend","Author":"superkoola","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13208536","Passage":"[Chapter 1] January 9 th , 2002… There is a small town in Maine, called Chamberlain. Home to more than a hundred and fifty people living in this town, Chamberlain – on the outside – appears to be a normal, quiet town. But if we look inside, the town, or more specifically two of its townsfolk, is far more unique than anyone else. One of these two is actually living inside the orphanage, located just north of the town. This orphanage is owned by a woman in her late 60s named Kathleen Fitzgerald. She started an orphanage due to her sympathy to homeless children, or those without parents. To this day, she has around 45 children; all in the range of toddler age to 13. Sometimes, some would stay until they are legal adults. Of all the children, there is one particular child living in this orphanage that stood above all the rest. This child is eight years old, but he has a gifted mind. This boy is not only intelligent, but he is surprisingly mature for someone of his age…for the most part. This prodigy is a boy named Ryan Black. And he has…quite a reputation amongst the children of the orphanage. No one knows why exactly this is the case, but Ryan has something known only to the people and children of the orphanage; he has something called Telekinesis. Telekinesis is, essentially, the act of manipulating yourself and the environment around you with your mind. How Ryan and the other know about this…well, he's not one to talk about his past, as he's not comfortable with it. Regardless, Ryan has telekinesis, and many of the kids admired that, for he used it to play games with them, like making the little toddlers float in the air as if they were birds. Kathleen grew concerned, and forbids him from using any more telekinesis, much to Ryan and the others' disappointment and frustration. Anyways, Ryan's telekinesis might be linked to his high intelligence, and therefore, he was generally considered smarter than most kids, and on the level of a 12th grader. So, after taking an IQ test, he was able to become a student in the town's high school, commonly known as the Evan High School. Today is his first day, and the bus towards the middle school is on its way towards the front of the orphanage. The front door opened, and out stepped Ryan, carrying his backpack as he was guided outside by Kathleen. Kathleen and Ryan looked at one another, and smiled as the former kneeled down to his height. \"Now, Ryan…this is going to be quite a challenge for you. High school is going to be…quite merciless to younger students like you.\" She explained, looking genuinely worried. Ryan nodded in understanding. \"Yes, Mrs. Fitzgerald. You told me about this one particular girl who's…been bullied constantly since 1st grade.\" He replied, referring to the time Kathleen told him of a story of a girl that lived a few blocks down the street, who was constantly bullied for her weirdness. Ryan felt pity for the girl, and he understood how she felt…even though he never met her. \"Now, do you remember what to do if someone is bullying you?\" she asked. Ryan nodded. \"Yes. One; just ignore the bully. And two; report the bully.\" He listed. Kathleen nodded, and then she tapped his head. \"And please, don't use your psychic powers on these students. They might report you for being different, and even worse…\" she paused, looking more and more glum. Ryan nodded in understanding, before he turned to see the bus, which was about to park in the front of the bus. Ryan then hugged Fitzgerald, who hugged him back in response. \"Take care now.\" She said, before they soon released, ruffling Ryan's hair. Ryan chuckled, just before he said, \"Bye, Mrs. Fitzgerald.\" and walked towards the bus. Once he got inside the bus, he noticed that the other students inside the bus stopped whatever they were doing and were just looking at him. Some of the students were looking at him like he was some strange object, while others looked at him like he didn't belong there. Ignoring them, Ryan walked along the aisle, looking for a place to sit in. Eventually, he found an empty chair next to the window. With a smile, he approached the chair, but just as he was about to take a seat, someone's leg extended outwards and tripped him, causing him to fall onto the floorboard, headfirst. The other students laughed, while the bus driver didn't even acknowledge what was happening. Ryan got up and heard a scoff. \"What trash. This isn't the right bus for a 4th grader. That's on the other side of town.\" Said the voice. Ryan turned towards the owner of the voice…and frowned. \"Oh…hey, Tina.\" He said. The girl, Tina Blake, smiled and gave a chuckle. \"Oh, you remember me. Don't you?\" she asked. Ryan sighed as he stood up. \"Of course. How could I forget the girl who made my orphanage life a living hell.\" He said, swearing. Tina and the others chuckled mockingly. \"Now, weren't you taught by your parents to never swear…oh wait,\" she said, pouting mockingly. That struck Ryan on the inside. He closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, before walking away to his seat…which was right in front of her. Ryan sighed inwardly; this is the only empty seat the bus has, and it has to be in front of her. Not complaining, Ryan walked over and sat on the chair. Tina apparently wasn't done, because she then turned to him with a devious smirk. \"I'm gonna have so much fun with you.\" She said sadistically as she reached out and caressed his cheek to tease him further. Ryan shook her hand away after a few seconds, and Tina laughed before she sat back down, facing away. Eventually, the bus drove off, and Ryan just stared off at the window, watching the buildings pass by. \"Sheesh. First day in this new school and I'm already being teased by someone. This day…not a good start, but maybe things will get better.\" He thought to himself. Later on, the bus stops at a particular house. It has holes in parts of the roof, and it overall looked…not too inviting. Ryan tilted his head in confusion, wondering who would live in this stink hole. His thoughts were answered when a lonely looking girl stepped out of the house, carrying a stash of notebooks. Ryan was taken aback by this girl; she was eighteen years old from the looks of it, but she looked…not very approachable. She had long, messy brown hair going halfway down her back, some strands were on her forehead, and she also looked…a bit skinny. Ryan eyed her as she began to walk towards, and then inside the bus. Once she got there, the other students gave her glares of ridicule, the same way they gave him. The girl looked around, looking for an empty chair to sit in. There was only one, and she took it. The thing is; because Ryan is smaller than the others, she couldn't see him. The girl then approached the supposed chair, looked ahead, and gasped at seeing Ryan sitting there. \"O-Oh…I-I'm sorry. I'll go find another seat.\" She said with a few stutters, looking around to find a new seat. Ryan shook his head. \"Don't bother. This is the only seat available in this bus.\" He explained. The girl looked at him, unsure for a moment, before she relented and slowly sat next to him. Ryan smiled, and wanting to make a new friend, then began to introduce himself. \"My name is Ryan Black. Nice to meet you.\" He greeted. The girl looked at him, and Ryan could faintly see a small smile forming on her face. Then, she moved her lips as a noise came from her lips. Ryan raised a brow, and he slightly leaned forward. \"What?\" he asked. The girl looked at him, and spoke again, a bit louder this time. \"I'm Carrie…\" she said. Ryan tilted his head. \"Cassie?\" he asked. \"Carrie.\" She said, a bit louder this time. Ryan took in what she said, and widened his eyes in realization \"Ohh…Carrie?\" he asked. The girl, now named Carrie nodded. \"Yes.\" She said with a satisfied nod. Ryan then smiled. \"Well then, Carrie. I hope we can be good friends from here on out.\" He said. Carrie looked at him, and just frowned, letting out a sad sigh. Ryan frowned a bit, then he just looked outside. He glanced at the houses as the bus drives by them. He could hear Tina, as well as several other students chanting quietly, \"Creepy Carrie\" and \"Rotten Ryan\" but he didn't really pay too much attention. He knew that it would be pointless to fight with Tina Blake of all people, so he just took Kathleen's advice and ignored them. So far, none of them had deserved the \"Telekinetic Treatment\", but…there's a first time for everything, right? Meanwhile, Carrie was intently looking at Ryan. She too could hear the others calling him bad names as well. A curious thought entered her mind. \"Why are they calling him that? What has he done to deserve their torment?\" she thought to herself. After a while, she shook her head. \"It's probably just an act. He's probably going to be tormenting me…just like everyone else.\" She said, letting out a sad sigh, shaking her head. Carrie then wrapped her arms around herself, just \"excited\" to start this brand new day… AN: Hey everyone, superkoola here. Looks like this will be my first Carrie story. I have a rather…limited, yet interesting history with the book/films. The first exposure I had to Carrie was a fan-edited video of the Prom Destruction from the 2002 adaptation of the film, with the \"Destruction\" song from the 1986 musical edited in. Being 12 or younger at the time…seeing Carrie's blank face SCARED me and the song wasn't helping. Thankfully, I've grown up, and now I actually like the films. I also do like the Prom Destruction scene from the 2002 version (but the actual music they used for this scene STINKS; on its own, it's fine, I guess. But in the film…ugh, it's just so off cue and so out of place for a supposed menacing scene). Now, as for the idea itself…well, it's not particularly new; with Carrie making friends with an OC. But I wanted to bring in some new flavor to something…well, not old, but nothing new either. Enter Ryan Black; mostly good kid, but has a rather…controversial way of handling bullies. That's all I have to say for now. I hope you enjoy this and stick around for more! ","Summary":" January 9 th , 2002… There is a small town in Maine, called Chamberlain. Home to more than a hundre"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"The Girl With The Strawberry Hair","Author":"Bloody Simpson Chibi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12701152","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Girl With The Strawberry Hair Disclaimer: I do not own Carrie Chamberlain was in ruins. And it was all her fault. She still wore the tattered remains of her bloodied prom dress. Her legs felt weak but still managed to carry her as she doged the sight of the firemen and police from the next town over. Tears leaked from her eyes as she dashed off into the woods. Her bare feet brushed against the grass and rocks as the wind blew in her hair. When she was sure she was far enough away, she collapsed under a tree and fell unconscious once more. When she awoke, it was evening and fireflies were dancing above her. She cried again over her losses. The loss of her mother. of her God, of her life. As she wept, she felt a surge of energy swelling inside her. She opened her eyes and saw rocks floating all around her. She wiped the tears from her eyes and smiled. She still had her powers. She lifted herself off the ground and floated uphill where she could see the ruined town. The firemen have long since extinguished the flames and the last of the embers burned away in the approaching night. She took in her last look of the town and let herself on the ground again. She turned around and began walking toward her future. Where it would lead, she had no idea. All she knew was that wherever it was, people would know her name. Carrie. ","Summary":" The Girl With The Strawberry Hair Disclaimer: I do not own Carrie Chamberlain was in ruins. And it "},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"CARRIE: Life is Snell","Author":"HORRORMANIAC19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12220784","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All CARRIE (2013) Characters © Stephen King & Kimberly Pierce All Fan Characters © HORRORMANIAC19 (Me) CARRIE: Life is Snell Prologue: A Snell Life Timeline Ever since the \"Black Prom Massacre\" in 2013 , the lives of both Carrie White & Susan Snell had been changed forever… For the Better. In 2014 , Sue vanished from Chamberlain for 2 days, until she was found in a house on the outskirts of Chamberlain, Maine , with a still alive Carrie White, & her & Late Thomas Everett Ross's new born daughter: Chloe Everett Snell , but with Carrie knocked out, held at gun point by John Hargensen (Chris Hargensen's Father) , only for Sue to unleash her own powers, paralyzing John forever. Carrie, Sue, Rita Desjardin & the Snells moved away to Florida not long afterwards. They settled down with more Snell & Desjardin relatives, aiding their big businesses & resort, while Carrie & Sue took these opportunities, to practice & learn to control their Telekinetic powers, as well as help young Chloe to control her own as she grew up, but also took the opportunity to help many others who had powers like them. In 2015 , As Carrie & Sue's love continued to grow, Sue finally revealed to Carrie that she loved so much, she wanted to seal their love knot, by marrying her. Carrie was so stunned from Sue opening up to her, But accepted without a doubt, knowing it was something she could never dream of, something that she & Sue needed, but most of all, it was something they truly wanted. Carrie & Sue had the greatest wedding, which only many lesbian couples could only dream of. Carrie was given away by Rita, causing Carrie to change her name from Carrie White, to Carrie Snell, happy to become a Snell, & let go of her maiden name & past. All of the wedding went like a dream, But to Carrie & Sue, all they enjoyed other than the birth of their marriage, was the joy & smiles on everyone's face, especially little Chloe's. In 2018 , Sue gave birth to her & Carrie's first biological child & daughter: Gabriella Eve Snell . This was a dream to Carrie & Sue, which could only remain a dream in the past. But after seeing a doctor who had been helping them with their powers, who had also began to notice that Chloe was beginning to develop powers of Telekinesis, & Hydrokinetic based powers, since when Sue gave birth to Chloe, No water came out when Sue's water broke. He helped the girls with some stem cells research & some of the girl's eggs, Carrie & Sue's dream had finally become a reality, When Gaby was born, the doctor then told Carrie & Sue, that since they kept 2 embryos of Carrie & Sue in frozen storage, Gaby would soon develop powers over Telekinesis & Cryokinetic substances when she reaches the right age. In 2019 , Carrie gave birth herself, to another baby girl that they named: Aurora Phoenix Snell , & to their shock, Carrie gave birth to a baby boy, they then named: Thomas Jason Ross Snell . Rory would soon develop powers over Telekinesis & Pyrokinetic substances, whereas Tommy's powers were unknown, until 2025 , while playing with his siblings on a stormy day, Tommy was struck by a bolt of lightning, shocking him with minor burns, but survived, & developed powers over Telekinesis & Electrokinetics. At Present, Carrie & Sue live at their own home in Florida within their family resort, with their teenage children, who are have control over their powers, & are still evolving them, while still trying to help & find others with powers. Carrie & Sue are both working at their children's school, with Carrie as a student counsellor, & Sue as the school's gym teacher, while they teach their children, as well as other people's children, they all share one mission for their family & others: Find & help others with special powers. To be began… HORRORMANIAC19 MESSAGE: \"Hi viewers, Rory here. What you have just read, is the prologue intro, of a new series regarding the CARRIE (2013) movie, as well as my CARRIE: In the Shadows & CARRIE: Healing the Wounds fanfics . This series will be focused on all the surviving Carrie characters & some new fan characters. If you have any ideas or stories that you would like to see Carrie, Sue & their family to have, just PM me, don't hesitate to let me know, Thank you. Hope to hear from you soon, Rory out.\" ","Summary":" All CARRIE (2013) Characters © Stephen King & Kimberly Pierce All Fan Characters © HORRORMANIAC19 ("},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"A Carrie Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12339587","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Carrie Poem You all laughed at me You all constantly mocked me When I thought you finally accept Me for who I truly am But I guess I thought wrong because you all Continued to use me for your own personal reasons Making a fool of me at the school dance This is the last time I'll ever let that happen Because now I'll cover this whole entire school In bodies and cover every inch of this school in blood ","Summary":" A Carrie Poem You all laughed at me You all constantly mocked me When I thought you finally accept "},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Mary Sue Snell: Carrie 2","Author":"GettingCropsPastTheRadar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12191642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mary Sue Snell: Carrie 2 TWO DAYS BEFORE PROM She suddenly wakes up in her own room. Getting up she places a hand on her head, pushing some of her long blonde hair out of her face. Hhm, what day is it? Sue Snell is 17 years old and attending Ewen High School in Chamberlain, Maine. Touching her belly, she suddenly felt something weird. As if something was really wrong. She got up but felt like throwing up and rushed to her bathroom. After being done with that and getting ready she went downstairs to get some breakfast. \"Good morning mom.\" Sue says to her mother, still feeling a little sleepy. \"Morning Sue. How are you feeling?\" \"Fine I guess.\" \"Is something wrong honey?\" \"I don't know. I mean, I threw up just now…\" \"You threw up? Oh honey, are you feeling all right?\" Sue's mother Eleanor moves closer to her and placer her hand on Sue's forehead to check her temperature. \"Yeah, that was nothing. I don't know, I just feel, off. What day is it even?\" \"It's Thursday.\" \"Thursday? Thursday. Wait, isn't Prom on Saturday?\" \"Yes, but didn't you tell Tommy to take that girl Carrie instead.\" Carrie. Take her to the prom. Tommy. Prom. Wasn't prom over though? Carrie. The school. Carrie. \"Yeah, you're right. I did. I hope she has fun.\" \"I'm sure she'll really appreciate your gesture Sue. You know, your father and I were pretty shocked when you told us what happened. But we understand that you are a good girl and simply got caught up because of Chris and the other girls. And we're both so very proud of you for trying to make amends with Carrie White.\" \"Thank you, mom. I just hope nothing bad happens to her there.\" \"Tommy's a really nice boy. I'm sure she'll be perfectly fine. Oh and don't forget. Even though you're not going to the prom, you still have to help with the committee.\" \"Yeah mom, I remember.\" Having eaten her breakfast, Sue goes up to her room and gets dressed for school. Before she leaves she takes another look at the dress she was going to wear at the prom. Wish I could be there. But this is for Carrie. I have to make up. Make her happy. Carrie… Suddenly, Sue got that same weird feeling she had when she woke up and vomited. The sense of being in the wrong place. At the wrong time. She felt like something bad was about to happen. A feeling of déjà vu. That everything that had just happened since she woke up had already happened before. And just like that, it was gone. Deciding to ignore it, she went downstairs and drove to the school. After a few minutes, Sue reaches the school. Parking her car, she goes to the gymnasium. While there she is greeted by Ernie Peterson who's also on the committee. \"Oh, hello Sue. How are you today?\" \"Fine, I guess. So what do you want me to do?\" \"For starters I want you to set up the stadium ornaments.\" \"On it.\" \"Great.\" Just as Ernie is leaving, the Ultras – consisting of Tina, and twins Nicky and Lizzy – come her way. One thing you need to know about the Ultras is that they all are First-class bitches. Calling them pieces of shit with golden paint on it is probably the nicest thing you could say about them. \"Sue, I wasn't expecting you to show up\" says Tina, with a smile on her face faker than the laugh you make when your teacher tells a joke. \"Yeah well, just because I'm not coming to the Prom doesn't mean I'm off the committee.\" Sue's voice couldn't have been any drier when she said that. \"Is it true that Tommy decided to go to the Prom with Carrie White over you?\" said Nicki, or Lizzy. Honestly who gives a fuck? Sue always thought that the twins constantly wearing matching outfits, hairstyles, finishing each other's sentences, and their overall closeness was kind of off-putting at times. She wasn't sure if their relationship was normal or borderline twincest. Tina, not wasting any time to screw with her even more added \"I heard he dumped her for Carrie White.\" Sue thought of punching each one of them on their 1.000 $ noses but decided that they weren't worth it. With friends like these huh? \"I told him to take her, actually. I wanted to do something nice for Carrie.\" And she meant every word of it. Though she still felt a little sad that the moment she had been waiting for so long wasn't going to happen. Even a little jealous of Carrie getting to be with Tommy. No, don't think like that. I deserve it. And so does Carrie. For once just let her be happy. \"Well, isn't that just, nice of you.\" Tina steps closer, face to face with Sue. \"You do realize what this mean don't you?\" \"What, that I can't sit with you at the lunch table anymore? I'm heartbroken.\" \"How can you be helping her? She got Chris kicked off the Prom.\" \"No Tina, she didn't. Chris did that all by herself. She told Miss Desjardin to 'go fuck herself' and refused to continue our punishment. Now, if you're done being Chris's lackey I'd like to get working.\" \"Ugh, whatever. Let's go guys. We shouldn't waste our time on trash.\" While Sue would neither admit it nor show it, that hurt her deeply. She was basically losing every friend she had by helping Carrie. But then again, maybe they weren't true friends to begin with. Sue goes to the stadium where she begins setting up some of the props. There she sees Heather Shyres. Probably the only sort-of friend she had left. For the first few minutes, while they occasionally exchange glances, they don't converse. Heather however decides to see how her friend is doing. \"Sue, how are you?\" \"Fine… I guess.\" Am I fine though? For a few second there's silence again. \"I haven't heard from you in a while.\" \"Yeah I know. I'm sorry about that. I just didn't know what to say. Honestly, I just can't believe what's happening between us. And to think all of it is because of Carrie White.\" \"That's Chris talking and you know it Heather.\" Hearing that, Heather lowers her head in shame. \"I saw you talking to the girls back there. How did it go?' \"As well as you would expect. They want nothing to do with me.\" \"Just so you know, I'm still your friend Sue.\" \"Thank you, Heather.\" The two girls both smile a little. \"Hey can I ask you a question?\" \"Shoot.\" \"Did you feel anything weird this morning?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Like, I don't know. Maybe déjà vu, or just a bad feeling? Anything like that?\" \"Well, no. I mean, not anymore that coming to the same school for years makes me feel déjà vu or being afraid to get hit by a car while crossing the road giving me a bad feeling. Why're you asking?\" near the end Heather had started smiling a little. \"I don't know. Maybe I just woke up on the wrong side of the bed.\" \"Heh, probably. Hey Sue, if you don't mind me asking, and I swear I'm not judging or anything, I just want to know. Why is Tommy taking Carrie to the Prom instead of you?\" \"Well after what happened in the showers I wanted to make it up to Carrie. But a simple apology wouldn't be enough, so I decided to do something that really mattered. It might be the only thing that matters…\" \"Wow, that's, well… hopefully she'll enjoy herself.\" \"I hope so. Now, let's get back to work. Ernie will have an aneurysm if he sees us.\" After about half-an-hour has passed, Sue is on the ladder setting up the ornaments. She turns around and looks at the Ultras who stare and laugh at her from Tina's computer. Suddenly, she feels like vomiting again and grabs the ladder. \"Sue. Hey are you okay?\" She isn't. Getting down she immediately runs to the bathroom. Closing the stall door, she throws up for the second time today. Ugh. This is like the second time it's happened. And they've been pretty recurring lately. Could it be? Deciding not to dwell much on it now she steps out of the stall and looks at the mirrors on the wall. She notices that one of them has been broken but the shards have been cleaned. Probably by the janitors. Suddenly Heather walks in to check on her. \"Hey, you ran pretty fast out of there. Are you sick?\" \"No, I just felt a little dizzy that's all.\" \"Are you sure? I'm sure Ernie won't mind letting you go home if you're feeling under the weather.\" \"That's alright Heather. I'm feeling better now.\" Sue once again looks at the broken mirror. \"Wonder who did this.\" \"Maybe Carrie. The other day or so when I came to the bathroom she was here looking at the mirror. I remember hearing the shard when I walked in.\" \"She was probably curious about what happened and picked one of them up.\" While that did make sense Sue didn't actually believe in. While looking at Heather's reflection on the broken mirror all of a sudden, the image of Heather flying and breaking her face on a glass pane appears in Sue's mind. \"Whoa hey. You look like you just saw a ghost.\" \"You know maybe you're right. I should probably go home.\" \"OK, I'll go tell Ernie.\" \"Thank you. And Heather, just, stay safe.\" Having said that Sue swiftly leaves the bathroom, and the school, getting inside her car. That night, while sleeping, Sue had a nightmare. She saw blood dripping from above. Electric wires moving by themselves. She could hear people screaming. She saw the streets flooded with water, only for a small flame to fall and touch the ground. And then the world exploded. ","Summary":" Mary Sue Snell: Carrie 2 TWO DAYS BEFORE PROM She suddenly wakes up in her own room. Getting up she"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Matt's Story: A Carrie Fanfic","Author":"WildCard0531","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11514719","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Matt's Story: A Carrie Fanfic Hi, my name is Matt Burkley. Today has marked 20 years since the event known as The Black Prom happened at Ewen High School. To this day, I still remember what happened. I don't know if you care, but I'd like to tell you my story. The year was 2013. I had just turned 18, a senior at Ewen High, and I still lived with my mom. My mom and dad got a divorce when I was only in kindergarten. I can't remember much, but I think the divorce happened because my dad was cheating on my mom with someone at his work. I never really saw much of my dad after that, but I digress. I was at a height of 5'9\" and very slender. I was a light skinned white boy with short dirty blonde hair and blue eyes, and my wardrobe usually consisted of sweat jackets and blue jeans. I'm also a very easy guy to get along with, having a rather kindhearted and laid back personality. At the time, I remember that I was stocked to finally graduate and leave the hell hole that was Ewen High School. I wasn't the only one excited to leave, my girlfriend, Dawn Swanson, was also very excited to leave. I loved Dawn with all of my heart. We met in the 9th grade when she was a new student. We were assigned to do a project together and we immediately hit it off. It turns out she's about the same height and weight as I am, and our personalities are pretty similar. Her skin tone was also the same tone as mine. She also had brown eyes and brunette hair. Her breast size was somewhere in the C range, and her wardrobe consisted of T-shirts and colorful skirts. She was such a beautiful human being, and I was fortunate enough to go out with this one. After I revealed my feelings for her near the end of the 9th grade, we went on countless dates. Whether the date was to the movies, Maria's Italian Restaurant, the occasional concert, or just hang out at home, we always had a great time. We rarely ever fought, and whenever we did, we'd make up in five seconds. I even remember the first night we made love, but that's a story that I'll save for another day (This fanfic is rated T after all). I remember being sad when I heard she was going to MIT, while I was going to the School of Medicine in New York City. We promised to keep in touch and visit each other over weekends or during Christmas/Spring breaks. Before we graduate and go our separate ways, however, the two of us decided to have one last hurrah and go to the Senior Prom. The two of us were excited for prom. As Dawn went to go get her hair and nails done as well as buy a dress with her older sister, I decided to head to the Men's Warehouse with my bestfriend, Freddy Holt. I'm a bit of a nerd, and Freddy was no different. We have the same taste in gaming, especially Legend of Zelda, and t.v shows, especially anime such as Soul Eater and Death Note, so we got along immediately. By the end of the day, Freddy and I got some pretty neat tuxedos. Freddy's was a standard black and white one, but mine had black pants, a white undershirt, a blue vest, and a blue jacket with a blue bow tie. I looked dapper as hell, and I knew Dawn would love me in this tux. On the night of prom, I got a call from Freddy telling me that he's going to bring his camera to record the prom for the senior slide show at the end of the year, and told me to look my best. I showered, shaved, brushed my teeth and hair, got my tuxedo on, got into the driver seat of a yellow Lamborghini that I rented for the occasion, and drove off to Dawn's house. At Dawn's house, I walked up to the door with a purple corsage, and knocked at the door. The door was answered by Dawn's father, Mr. Swanson. He knows that I'm a good boyfriend to his daughter, so he trusts me completely. But nevertheless, he tells me that he wanted Dawn home by midnight. I agreed and waited for Dawn to come out of her room. When dawn came down the stairs from her room, she looked absolutely beautiful. She had a purple dress on with purple eye shadow and red lipstick. Her hair was tied in a ponytail and I couldn't help but blush. I told her that she looked amazing, and she responded by saying I looked very handsome. I gave her the corsage and helped her put it on. After that, we said goodbye to Mr. and Mrs. Swanson and left for Ewen High School. When we got there, I got out of the car first and opened the passenger seat for Dawn so she can get out. It's the chivalrous thing to do, you know. As we walked into the gym, we saw that it was beautifully done with cutouts of stars and moons in the ceiling and on stage, there were lights everywhere, and each table had a blue or silver tablecloth with plates, silverware, and glasses of the same color as the tablecloths, as well as a centerpiece of moons and stars. There were even all around the gym that had pictures of all the seniors. Dawn and I were amazed. I remember saying that the prom committee went all out this year when decorating, or something to that extent. As we sat down at our table, Freddy came up and recorded us. He wanted to know what our final thoughts were now that we were graduating. Dawn and I gave our thoughts on the year all together, and mentioned who we're going to miss and wish luck to in life before he left and moved on to the next table. As Dawn and I went to get some food from the buffet table, we noticed someone who we didn't expect to see at the prom. It was Carrie White, wearing a pink dress that she made herself. Carrie was pretty much the prime target for the bullies of the school, such as Tina Blake, Nicki and Lizzie Thibodeau, and especially Christine Hargensen. Dawn and I don't know much about what happened, but apparently Carrie had her first period in the woman's locker room, and the bullies started throwing tampons at her chanting the words, \"plug it up,\" over and over again. Also, someone uploaded a video of it onto Youtube, making matters worse. Since three of the four bullies were here, this was the last place I'd expect to see Carrie in. But she was there, and to everyone's surprise, she was there with Tommy Ross, the popular guy at school. I heard that Sue Snell wanted Tommy to go to the prom with Carrie so that she can make up for bullying her. That was really sweet of her, I remember thinking to myself. After our dinner we decided to dance for a while. We danced to a few fast songs, and really enjoyed our time embracing each other during the slow songs. My buddy Freddy was recording everyone dancing the whole time. After dancing, it was finally time to vote for Prom King and Queen. When Dawn and I looked at the ballot, we saw a bunch of names on it. There were our names, Carrie and Tommy's names, and a few others. Since a lot of people saw us in the hallways holding each other, making out, or just enjoying each other's company, we thought we were going to win for sure. Once all of the ballots were filled out, we gave them to Tina, who put them in a blue box covered in stars and moons. Once they were all collected, the MC was ready to announce the winner. Dawn and I were eager to hear who the winner was. I remember that both of us were surprised when we heard him say, \"The winners are….Tommy Ross and Carrie White!\" Dawn and I were confused. Not that we had anything against Carrie, she was a nice girl, we just weren't expecting this. Then again, maybe they were pity votes. Nevertheless, we clapped and showed how happy we were for them. The entire gym was full of applause and cheering as Tommy and Carrie went up to the stage. As this was going on, I noticed Sue Snell trying to make her way to the stage. I didn't know what was happening, but Ms. Desjardin, the gym teacher, caught her and dragged her out of the gym. Dawn and I shrugged it off and just continued clapping for Tommy and Carrie, who was just given their scepter and bouquet of white flowers. Things seemed to be going right for Carrie for once…..but then, something happened that would change all of it. Out of nowhere…..SPLAT! Tommy and Carrie were covered in a red substance and everyone's cheering turned into gasps of shock. Carrie seemed to have gotten the worst of it, however. She dropped her bouquet to the floor and started shaking, looking at her hands covered in the substance. She then looked into the audience to see everyone just staring at her. Carrie turned to Tommy, who seemed pretty pissed off. \"What the hell!\" He shouted. This had to be some kind of prank. That must have been why Sue tried to go up on stage, to warn Carrie and Tommy about the prank. My assumption of this being a prank only proved to be truer as the started showing the video of Carrie's period in the locker room. This caused a good amount of people to laugh or at least chuckle. Some of the people, however, were appalled by this, especially Dawn, Freddy, and I. I remember thinking, \"Seriously, leave the girl alone.\" I saw that Carrie was walking off the stage, to leave the gym when she turned to the T.V showing the image. As the laughter and jeers grew, Ms. Desjardin tried to walk up to Carrie to get her off the stage, but then…..WHAM! Carrie moved her arm out and pushed Desjardin back, without touching her. Everyone gasped and stopped laughing at the sight of this. As this was going on, the bucket that held the red substance must've got loose from its rope and fell right on Tommy's head, knocking him unconscious. Carrie turned back to see if he was okay. We heard her sob for a while when this happened. Everyone just stared, not sure what to do next. We just saw Ms. Desjardin get pushed back by some psychic force, and then witnessed the most popular guy in school get knocked out cold. Let me tell you, what happened next, made me wish that we all got out of there. Carrie slowly turned towards the crowd with an angry expression on her face. She opened her arms causing the lights to flicker, and the blood on her arms began to fly off in little droplets. Some of the students began to leave, but most of the students decided to stay. I grabbed Dawn's hand to try and get out of the gym, but before we could go anywhere, Carrie let out a very scary and angry yell, causing everyone and everything to fall to the floor. The once beautiful looking gym was now a wreck as tables were flipped over and the stars and moons hanging on the ceiling are now scattered all over the floor. Little did we all know, it would only get worse from here. Using her telekinetic abilities, Carrie shut and locked all of the doors. Everyone was trapped and desperate to find a way out of the gym. As Dawn and I slowly got up, we saw Principal Morton get pushed down by a crowd of students heading to the locked doors, hoping to open them up. I ran over to the Principal and helped him up. Morton thanked us and tried to find an exit in this chaos. Dawn and I decided to look for Freddy so we can get out of this funk. As we were searching for Freddy, we noticed some kids trying to climb the bleachers and get out through the windows. I told Dawn to go with them and get to safety, but before she could get there, Carrie closed the bleachers using her powers, crushing one of the students and causing the others to fall down. Dawn came back to me and we continued looking for Freddy. Eventually, through all the chaos and havoc, we found him. He was recording the whole situation. I shouted his name to try and get his attention, but before he could do anything, Carrie sent a table flying at him. It landed a direct hit and killed him. My best friend, dead. I was speechless. I almost wanted to cry, but Dawn put a hand on my shoulder and said that we had to keep going and find a way out. I toughened up as we continued to find an escape. Thing went from bad to worse when Carrie turned on the sprinkler system, causing the floors to get wet and slippery. Dawn and I tried our hardest not to slip, holding our hands as we quickly but carefully made our way to an exit. Our clothes were getting drenched and Dawn's make-up began to run due to the water. The image of that face still haunts me to this very day. Meanwhile, Dawn and I noticed Nicki and Lizzie trying to escape too. Carrie saw this, and used her power to push them down and pin them to the floor. Dawn and I wanted to go help them, but got pushed out of the way by a huge crowd of people. When the crowd dispersed, Dawn and I got up to see that the Thibodeau twins were trampled to death. We quickly got up, hoping we weren't next. I was thinking that this was as bad as it was going to get, but no, it somehow managed to get worse. Using her powers, Carrie turned off the sprinklers and ripped apart some electrical wires, causing a giant spotlight to fall down, causing a fire that rapidly spread throughout the gym. The fire must have burned off a rope that was holding a metal moon decoration that was on stage because it hit the floor with a loud clang noise. The decoration quickly got on fire. As the fire kept burning, some of the people were starting to lose hope. Some of the students found a safe place to call their parents saying that they love them and that this will be the last time they'll talk to each other, while others just called for 911. I remember that I was paralyzed with fear. I didn't know what to do. There was no way out, and Carrie was making sure that there were no survivors. Carrie noticed me just standing there and decided to take the opportunity to take me out. She lifted up one of the thrones that the Prom King and Queen were going to sit in, and took the opportunity to throw it at me. I was so scared that I could barely move. I shut my eyes, expecting the throne to hit me hard, but instead, I felt a push to my side and I was pushed to safety. I opened my eyes looking around, and saw a body underneath the throne. I removed the throne and saw that the body was Dawn. Dawn sacrificed herself to save me. Dawn was unconscious. I felt her pulse, but there was nothing. The love of my life….gone. This time, I really did cry. The girl that I loved since Grade 9, taken away from me just like that. I didn't know if I could go on this time. That's when my sorrow turned into rage. I was really mad at Carrie. She took away my best friend and my girlfriend, and I intended to make her regret it. I got up and began to throw anything I can get my hands on. Plates, glasses, silverware, one of my shoes, all thrown directly at her. Carrie must have set up some kind of barrier because they all bounced off of her body like nothing. I then decided to grab a table cloth, put my other shoe in it along with some more plates, food that was on the floor, and started swinging it like a sling. I felt like David trying to fight a Goliath with psychic powers. I threw it, and once again it bounced off. I didn't know what else I could do, so I just lost it. I remember tears falling from my face as I said something along the lines of, \"Go ahead, kill me, you fucking bitch! You've already killed my best friend and girlfriend, I've got nothing left to lose! You might as well put an end to me! Do it! I dare you! Do your worst!\" I really lost my marbles. Carrie decided to grant my wish and picked up the metal moon, ready to throw it at me. As that was going on, Tina and the English teacher, Mr. Ulmann, tried to escape together, and they were running behind me just Carrie threw the moon. I was saved by Miss Desjardin, who pushed me out of the way and dodged the moon just in time. The moon continued its path toward Tina and Ulmann, who jumped out of the way of the moon as well, but it separated them. Desjardin, Ulmann, and I just looked as Carrie, who was using her powers to use the electrical wires as a sort of cattle prod, and push Tina right into the fire of the moon decoration. The three of us just watched in horror as she burned to death. We weren't sure what to do next. Should we lay there and die like everyone else, or continue to find a way out? Carrie then turned towards the three of us and using her powers, she grabbed Ms. Desjardin by the neck and lifted her up. Ulmann and I were confused, but after we saw her lift some of the wires up, and we looked down at some of the water on the floor. And we knew what she was going to do. Quickly, I picked up a table so it was standing on its legs and got on top of it. Ulmann was too afraid to do anything so he just stood there paralyzed with fear. After I got up on the table, Carrie did exactly what I predicted. She threw the wires onto the water covered floor and started to electrocute everyone. Before it got too serious, I told everyone to get off of the floor, which most of them did do by standing on top of chairs or tables, but about 30 of the students and teacher weren't so lucky. I just watched as Mr. Ulmann got electrocuted along with my other classmates. I turned toward Carrie to see that the reason she lifted Ms. Desjardin up was so she could save her. I did hear that Desjardin was the only one nice to Carrie after all. Carrie threw Desjardin on stage with the unconscious Tommy Ross and I watched at Carrie started to levitate and glide her way out of the gym. A few minutes after she left, the fire department came and opened the doors, freeing everyone, including myself. Once I got outside, I sat down on a bench nearby and thought about what just happened. Prom got ruined for everyone, Carrie killed a decent sum of people, including my best friend and girlfriend, and this night was going to haunt me forever. I remember seeing Freddy and Dawn get put up on gurneys when the ambulances came. I even remember how sad I felt when I saw the EMTs put white sheets over them. All I did then was cover my face and cry. A few days later I came to Freddy and Dawn's respective funerals. It was Dawn's funeral that nearly caused me to break down in front of everyone. I remember giving a heartfelt speech for her and throwing a rose on her casket before they put her in the hole. After all of that, I fell into a depression and contemplated suicide a few times. When I was caught by my mom, she immediately sent me to therapy, which actually worked wonders for me. I haven't thought about committing suicide for years now, but the pain that was caused by the deaths of Dawn and Freddy wouldn't diminish. After graduating, I resumed my plans on going to the School of Medicine in New York and I became a surgeon shortly after graduating. While I was in medical school, I learned more about what happened on prom night. Apparently, Chris Hargensen and her boyfriend, Billy Nolan, got some pig's blood and dumped it on Carrie, who apparently died when her house caved in due to her powers. Chris and Billy were found dead at a gas station that exploded when their car crashed into it. I also learned that the ballots were switched so that Carrie and Tommy could win. The winners were actually Dawn and I. I knew it was weird that they won. A few years after I became a surgeon, I moved to Boston, got married to a beautiful and kindhearted woman, and had two kids, with a third one on the way. My life seemed to be in order, but sometimes, I still lay awake at night thinking of the Black Prom, and the deaths of the many people, including Freddy and Dawn. That's my story. I don't know if you read all of it, or even cared to read it, but now you know, from my perspective, what it was like to be at the Black Prom. My name is Matt Barkley, and I'm a survivor of the Black Prom. ","Summary":" Matt's Story: A Carrie Fanfic Hi, my name is Matt Burkley. Today has marked 20 years since the even"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"SF3 Friendship Vs Prejudism","Author":"MWolfL","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9276055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] February 18, 2008, Alfredo paid me a visit to ask for advice on whether or not he should propose to Colette. After finding out that they had been dating for a year, I said that he should. Remy then came in and I added that if Alfredo wanted a second opinion…Remy interrupted me by saying that he and Alfredo had already had a talk about it. As you most likely remember from the last Superwolf Reunion I had given Remy, Django, and Emile the ability to speak human. This was how it really started: It was closing time, and Colette noticed the calendar they kept in the kitchen. \"Alfredo, our first anniversary of dating is coming up.\" She said. Alfredo looked and, true enough, it was only two days until the anniversary. \"Wow, we should plan something special.\" He smiled, actually looking a little emotional. \"Well considering we're friends with the best chef in all of Paris that takes care of the dinner….\" Colette noticed that Alfredo looked close to tears. \"Honey, what's wrong?\" \"Nothing, it's just that I've never had a girlfriend for even a day before I met you.\" \"Well, technically, I never really had a boyfriend before either.\" Colette smiled. \"I've had a few dates back in high school, but they only lasted for a short time. After graduation I just gave up and decided to concentrate on my career only.\" \"Yeah, well, it's not like any of the guys you went out with were good enough….\" Alfredo teased good-naturedly. \"…Except for you.\" Colette finished, grinning. Alfredo blushed, after all he wasn't used to being complimented. \"Hey guys Anton's leaving, it's officially closing time.\" Remy called from his perch on the door between the kitchen and customer area. Alfredo and Colette went over to the door so that the three of them could wave good-bye. Anton noticed and waved back. Colette then went to the customer area to clean the tables, but to Remy's surprise Alfredo went to the bathroom instead of starting to clean up the kitchen. Remy followed and knocked on the door; Alfredo opened it. \"It's okay Little Chef you can come in.\" Alfredo sighed, strangely seeming sad. Despite knowing Remy's real name Alfredo still liked to call him Little Chef. Remy liked being called that so he never commented on it. \"What's wrong?\" Remy asked, concerned. \"This is.\" Alfredo replied, setting down a catalog onto the floor. Remy's mouth dropped open, it was a catalog of engagement rings! \"You're thinking of proposing to Colette?\" Remy asked. \"I've been thinking about it for about two weeks,\" Alfredo replied sadly as he sat on the toilet. \"But I never got the courage. Our anniversary of dating is coming up and that would be the perfect time to propose, but I don't think I'd be able to.\" \"I think it's a wonderful idea.\" Remy smiled. \"You think so?\" Alfredo said, surprised. \"I thought you were jealous of her.\" \"I forgot to tell you,\" Remy laughed. \"I got over that back when Colette decided to help us out. You know, back when Ego was reviewing us for the first time.\" Alfredo, Colette, and Remy used Ego whenever they were referring to Anton's old self, the way he was back before Remy's ratatouille humbled him. Even Anton used it, and was actually very amused when he first found out about that. \"Oh.\" Alfredo smiled. \"So why can't you get the courage?\" Remy asked. \"I don't think she'll accept,\" Alfredo sighed. \"Why would she want to marry someone like me…?\" \"Hello, wasn't she the one who said that you're the only one good enough for her?\" Remy frowned. \"You've got to stop with this lack of confidence of yours, you have many friends, a steady job, a girlfriend, and you've even found you're true calling. Most importantly, you're a great friend. And don't forget, even your dad is proud of you despite you not being a cook because you have a good heart.\" It's true about Alfredo's true calling: Alfredo was so good at being a waiter on skates that he already became famous for it a long time ago. This actually helped a lot with business, but despite that work still didn't bring in much money. Alfredo opened his mouth to say something, but then fell silent. It had become pretty hard to win an argument against Remy, especially since Remy's views were often more optimistic than his. \"What about…the timing? It has been close to a year, but humans usually know each other for a longer time than that before getting married.\" Alfredo finally pointed out. \"Er….\" Remy had to admit that here was where he was stumped. \"I think you'd best ask a human's opinion on that one. What about Miranda? She's famous among the Superwolf Team and Watchers for giving good advice about that subject.\" I was only famous because I was the only one couples would come to for advice. Sometimes they'd even ask me before asking their parents. I guess they're more comfortable talking to me about it...though considering my Cupid's Eye it isn't really surprising. \"All right, I'll ask her tomorrow.\" Alfredo smiled. Fortunately, Colette was still cleaning the customer area so Alfredo and Remy didn't have to come up with an alibi when they went back into the kitchen. When Alfredo gave in after hearing my advice, he brought out his catalog in order to pick out an engagement ring. The one he liked most was a heart shaped sapphire that matched Colette's eyes, but he couldn't afford it so I gave him the extra amount he needed. He at first was uncomfortable but I replied that I had too much money anyway so it was hardly a favor. This was true since the Stone Gods don't use money and so aren't very good with exchange rates or how much things cost. Meaning Boss kept paying me and Jack a lot - for potions and such - until I told him to stop since I'm not the type who wants to be big-time rich. I like being able to donate to charity and environmental causes all the time though... Anyway: What neither Alfredo nor Colette knew was that Remy was planning an anniversary/engagement surprise of his own for them: a heart shaped chocolate cake. For this one he had to use the clan for help, but since they were able to help before it was no big. Closing time of the anniversary date, Colette, as usual, went to clean the tables in the customer area and Alfredo cleaned the kitchen. Colette also prepared a table where she and Alfredo could have their anniversary supper before going to the park to stargaze. Since Remy, Django, and Emile helped Alfredo clean the kitchen, they were done before Colette. Remy and the clan also wanted to get Alfredo out of the kitchen quickly so that they could prepare the cake. Alfredo left the kitchen just as Colette placed the last items on the table. The table had a red tablecloth that they reserved for dates – since saving money was important for them they usually had their dates in their own restaurant – two red candles, and a heart shaped vase of roses. Colette and Alfredo sat down, and Alfredo poured them champagne that he brought from the kitchen. \"Here's to our first anniversary.\" Alfredo said as he raised his glass. \"May it not be out last.\" Colette smiled as she tapped his glass with her own. Needless to say, that helped a lot with Alfredo's courage. \"Colette, ever since our first kiss I've felt a special connection with you,\" Alfredo began. \"And it didn't take me long to realize that I never want to be without you, and that I want to spend the rest of my life with you.\" \"I feel the same way.\" Colette smiled before teasing: \"Though by 'first kiss' do you mean the one Remy caused or the one after that?\" Alfredo found it hard to lie to Colette after she found out about Remy, so he had to tell her what had really happened that day they first kissed. She didn't mind, and she was proud of him for finding the courage to tell her that. She wasn't even mad at Remy, actually she was grateful. \"Well, technically we continued the kiss on our own after a few seconds.\" Alfredo smiled. \"Remy wasn't even controlling me after we closed our eyes.\" \"I'm glad we did continue the kiss.\" Colette smiled. \"I found out that day that you're the one for me.\" \"I felt – still feel actually – the same way, and you don't know how happy I am to hear you say that.\" Alfredo smiled before getting down on one knee. \"Alfredo…?\" Colette broke off. \"Colette, will you…will you marry me?\" Alfredo asked, holding out the ring. Colette was stunned speechless, then looked as if she was about to cry, but instead she smiled. \"Alfredo…of course I'll marry you.\" She said, emotional, as she held his hands. Alfredo started to tear a little too as he put the ring on Colette's finger. Colette then tackled/hugged him and they kissed. When they broke apart and got back into their seats they were emotionally speechless for a while. \"It's…beautiful.\" Colette said, referring to the ring. \"Did you pick it out yourself?\" \"Yes, I thought it matched your eyes.\" Alfredo smiled before sighing: \"Although, I couldn't afford it on my own so Miranda had to lend me most of the money.\" \"I understand.\" Colette said. \"She is a good friend.\" \"Only villains would be able to disagree with you there.\" Alfredo smiled. They then began talking about the wedding, and got so into it that they didn't notice a group of rats wheeling one of the restaurant carts towards them. On top of the cart was a covered cake platter and Remy wearing his chef's hat. \"Happy anniversary and congratulations!\" Remy said. Alfredo and Colette almost jumped out of their chairs. Remy chuckled at their reaction. \"Remy!\" Colette said angrily before laughing. \"Well, you certainly got us.\" \"Were you planning to do that all along?\" Alfredo smiled sternly, pretending to be angry. \"Only what's under the platter.\" Remy smiled. \"I knew about Alfredo planning to propose to you beforehand but I didn't expect you two to get that startled by my arrival.\" \"Under the…you prepared a treat for us?\" Colette gasped, surprised. \"Well, you two mean a lot to me.\" Remy smiled. \"I always knew humans weren't bad despite their 'trying to kill rats', but dad never even dared to believe it until he met you two.\" Colette and Alfredo smiled. Remy then lifted the lid with help from Django, Emile, and the strongest rat in the clan. Colette and Alfredo gasped with pleasure: the chocolate cake was decorated with red and pink icing and a message on top that read: Many Happy Years to the New Engaged Couple (Remy has to write small because of his small size, but it was still legible). \"Oh Remy, thank you.\" Alfredo smiled, moved. \"Well I couldn't have done it without the clan.\" Remy smiled as he cut a slice for Alfredo. \"Anything for two of the three most decent people I've known.\" Django added, meaning Anton as well (he meant in this World, not all Worlds in general, by the way). \"Congratulations you two.\" Emile added. Alfredo then cut a piece for Colette, and they both ate. Colette even cut a piece for Remy, Django, and Emile to share. Unexpectedly, after a bit everyone heard a knock at the door. Remy and the other rats quickly hid as Alfredo went to the door. \"I'm sorry we're…oh Anton.\" Alfredo said after opening the door. Remy and the other rats came out of hiding. \"I wanted to wait until after closing time before getting my gift.\" Anton explained as Alfredo let him in. Alfredo and Colette had already told them of their dating anniversary. \"'Gift'?\" Colette repeated. \"Well what else do you give a couple when they're celebrating a special event?\" Anton smiled. \"Hello Remy. Hi Django, Emile.\" \"Hi Anton.\" Remy smiled as his father and brother waved. \"Cake?\" \"Well since it's obviously for Alfredo and Colette….\" Anton hesitated reluctantly. \"Oh go ahead.\" Alfredo laughed, knowing that Anton had become a bigger fan of Remy's cooking than Colette or even him. Anton smiled and took a slice. He then ate a few bites before giving the new engaged couple their gift – though he didn't know about the 'engaged' part yet, until…. \"Colette…is that…is that an engagement ring?\" Anton asked, wide-eyed. \"Yes, Alfredo proposed to me a while ago.\" Colette explained. \"Well…all I can say is congratulations.\" Anton smiled. \"And you two will definitely be happy together.\" \"I've believed that ever since Colette came back to help us.\" Remy added. Colette then opened the gift: it was a grey glass rat holding a red glass heart with 'One Year of Love' inscribed on it. The rat's eyes were brown. Obviously the glass rat was supposed to be Remy. \"Wow!\" Remy gasped, impressed. \"Anton, we…we don't know what to say.\" Colette said as Alfredo admired the rat from behind Colette. \"Well I knew the story of how you two fell in love, so I thought something to represent that would be a good gift.\" Anton smiled. After Alfredo told Colette the truth about the kiss it became a funny story to look back on, so they obviously told Anton. \"It sure is.\" Alfredo smiled. \"Thank you.\" They all then spent the rest of the time talking about the wedding, but of course they couldn't stay there all night. After a couple of hours they parted, but Alfredo and Colette were so into the wedding that Colette decided to go to Alfredo's to continue talking. Remy smiled and decided to stay over with the clan so that he could get some sleep and give the newly engaged couple some privacy. He also knew that they'd stop at the park for a few minutes for their stargazing and he was a bit too tired from all the cooking to be able to stay awake long enough. Unfortunately, they were all so happy from the engagement that they forgot about one detail that would be a problem: churches don't allow rats.[Chapter 2] A.N. Now no one be offended by this chapter. The priest isn't really the badguy here, he's just prejudice about a lot of things. Including rats, which is understandable for a priest. I have nothing against religion, only prejudism. It's really the prejudism I'm showing in a bad light. To balance things Alfredo and Colette's new friend is also prejudice, but in a different way. Meaning he's an atheist, and so prejudice about religion. Even prejudism against religion I hate. That's why I'm a Darwinist instead of an atheist. Big difference. They didn't think of this problem until Alfredo and Colette went to Notre Dame to register. Remy came along in Alfredo's shirt pocket anyway, since the three of them hoped that they would be able convince the priest to make an exception. Unfortunately, when Alfredo mentioned Remy (posing him as his pet rat without actually showing him to the priest) it didn't go well. \"Allow a filthy diseased rat in my church?\" The priest cried. \"Remy's neither of those things!\" Alfredo snapped. \"He's a great friend!\" \"He's a rat!\" The priest snapped back. \"Rats can't amount to the value that other pets, especially cats, are worth!\" \"I used to think that until I met Remy and now I know that it's not true!\" Colette snapped. \"Rats are smarter than most other pets!\" Unfortunately, none of them noticed the priest's cat eyeing Alfredo's shirt pocket. \"Rats caused the black plague and countless other problems!\" The priest snapped. \"I wouldn't call that smart!\" \"Fleas caused the black plague, not rats!\" A man studying the bible nearby snapped. \"Go back to your studying Jesus!\" The Priest ordered. \"And fleas obviously didn't cause the other problems.\" \"Most problems, like stealing food, wouldn't have been caused if we'd treated rats kinder.\" Jesus said sternly. \"And I'm not the only one who needs to study!\" Colette, Alfredo, and Remy gasped at Jesus's boldness. \"You'll never become a good priest if you keep up this attitude.\" The priest said coldly. \"Go back to your studying or I'll make you stay behind at the next sermon.\" Jesus went back to his reading with a glare, though even Remy would've bet that he wasn't really reading. Suddenly, the priest's cat lunged toward Alfredo! \"No!\" Alfredo cried, protecting his pocket and Remy by putting his arm in the way. \"Did you bring that rat with you?\" The priest cried angrily. \"His name is Remy!\" Colette retorted angrily. Alfredo, meanwhile, was trying to stop the cat from reaching Remy, but this caused his arm to be badly scratched and bitten. Colette tried to pry the cat away, but this only resulted in a scratch on her hand. No one noticed Jesus leaving…. \"Stop mistreating Jacob and just let him kill that filthy rat.\" The priest ordered. \"Never!\" Alfredo snapped. Suddenly, a burst of water caused Jacob to let go of Alfredo with a screech. Everyone except for Remy, who was still hiding, turned and saw Jesus with a water gun. \"Jacob get out of here or I'll soak you again!\" Jesus ordered. Jacob surrendered with another screech. \"GET THAT RAT OUT OF MY CHURCH NOW!\" The priest screamed. \"JESUS STAY HERE OR I'LL CHAIN YOU TO YOUR BED AND EXTORT YOU!\" With a cold glare, Jesus followed Colette and Alfredo out of the church. \"You didn't have to do that.\" Colette said. \"Oh dad's always been that stupid.\" Jesus muttered. \"He's your father?\" Alfredo said, surprised. \"Unfortunately.\" Jesus said. \"Come on, my place is across the street, you can wash up there.\" A.N. Yup, Jesus is the new friend - and even though he doesn't want to admit it he inherited his father's prejudism. \"Thank you.\" Colette said. \"Well I had pet rats of my own when I was a kid, but I had to keep them a secret.\" Jesus smiled as they crossed the street. \"I always thought they were cool, after all you can teach them tricks. Also, it's easier to sneak them into places that don't allow pets, which you two obviously already…oh no.\" Alfredo and Colette looked at Alfredo's shirt pocket, and saw it torn and stained with blood! \"No, Remy!\" Alfredo said as Colette gasped. \"Come on!\" Jesus said as he started to run to his place. Fortunately, it ended up looking worse than it was. Most of the blood was actually Alfredo's. Luckily Remy was smart enough to cower in the far corner, so he only got a few light scratches on his back. He didn't even need a bandage, just some ointment, which I couldn't say the same for Alfredo. Alfredo's arm in fact had to be almost entirely covered in cloth bandages. As for his chest, well, it was better off but it still needed bandaging. \"Thanks, but…you didn't have to stick up for us back there you know.\" Alfredo said after his first-aid treatment. \"Oh I've been arguing with dad for decades.\" Jesus smiled. \"We're complete opposites so we've never been able to agree on everything. For example I know that evolution is true and dad still believes that Adam and Eve nonsense. He even believes in the story of the ark despite the fact that it's a load of... Religion, what a waste of human intelligence.\" Alfredo and Colette looked at each other awkwardly but decided not to say anything. Even though they weren't that religious they didn't consider religion dumb or anything, which it's not. It's just a part of history humans don't want to let go of, which isn't really a bad thing. A.N. I'm like that with my childhood. I still watch things I loved as a kid, even little kids' shows, and I still have my toys. I think holding on to things you love from the past or that is part of you culture is a good source of comfort. \"But what about him going to extort you?\" Colette asked. \"I'm used to that,\" Jesus smiled. \"It's nothing more than getting chained to my bed, being surrounded by anti-devil items, getting a holy water bath twice a day, and stuff like that.\" \"Oh that kind of extorting.\" Alfredo said. \"Mom was religious but not like your dad so we never did much of the traditions. Sometimes we went to church, but mostly we just prayed before dinner.\" \"Lucky.\" Jesus muttered before asking: \"What about your dad?\" \"I…never knew him.\" Alfredo said sadly. \"I never even knew who he was until two years after his death.\" \"Say…I thought I recognized you, you're Gusteau's son!\" Jesus marveled. \"Yeah.\" Alfredo smiled before sighing sadly. \"So how could you not…?\" Jesus began to ask. \"Mom never told me about him…or him about me.\" Alfredo explained. \"But that was only to protect his reputation. Actually, I found out later that they didn't 'overdo' anything, I was just a sign that they were supposed to end up together.\" \"Alfredo…thank you, you saved my life.\" Remy said before Jesus could ask how Alfredo found that out. Jesus gasped as Colette and Alfredo paled. \"You taught him how to talk?\" Jesus gasped. \"Er…actually we're friends of the Superwolves so….\" Colette started to explain. \"Oh, no wonder.\" Jesus interrupted. \"That's still really cool. That also explains how Alfredo found out about his parents, but…forgive me for asking but why didn't they end up together?\" \"It's all right. Dad had previous bad girlfriends, you know, the type who go for guys for their fame or something, and he got worried about mom being the same way even though she never was.\" Alfredo explained. \"Mom was hurt by the break-up, but she understood why he did.\" \"Oh. Truthfully, I don't blame him for getting scared, though it's too bad things didn't work out between your parents.\" Jesus said before noticing Remy's expression. \"Hey Remy you okay?\" \"Thanks to Alfredo.\" Remy said, looking emotional. \"You actually allowed yourself to get hurt….\" \"Well, you were my only friend at the time until I met Colette.\" Alfredo smiled. \"You mean more to me than you'll ever know.\" Everyone smiled. \"Still, it's too bad you never knew Gusteau, he's my hero.\" Jesus sighed sadly. Alfredo and Colette decided not to tell him about the previous Reunion. He'd probably get a stroke or something upon finding out that heaven exists in other Worlds anyway. \"Mine too!\" Remy gasped, surprised. \"No way!\" Jesus gasped. \"You like cooking too?\" \"Well I certainly like gourmet food better than garbage.\" \"Don't blame you. Actually it's always been my dream to be a cook, but with dad's dream of me following in his footsteps it's been a difficult journey. I've had to take cooking classes in secret.\" \"You…don't think a rat cooking sounds strange?\" Colette asked. \"Nah, I think it's a great skill for anyone to have. I believe in Gusteau's motto that well.\" Colette, Remy, and Alfredo got the look one gets when they get an idea, until Alfredo started crying. \"Is your arm hurting you?\" Remy asked. \"No, it's the fact that Colette and I can't have a perfect wedding without you in it.\" Alfredo sobbed. Colette nodded sadly in agreement. \"We'll think of something.\" Jesus said determinedly.[Chapter 3] As the weeks went by though, no one could think of anything. Colette and Alfredo gave up and let the priest continue his insults toward rats, but the only good part about that was getting to insult the priest in return whenever they were outside with Jesus. Although Alfredo and Colette only insulted the priest's prejudism and intolerance. When Django and Emile heard what had happened at Notre Dame Django started swearing (mildly though) and Emile comforted Remy. Django then said that he owed Alfredo one for saving Remy. He even hugged Alfredo (sort of, since the size difference). Emile also gave Alfredo his thanks for saving Remy and hugged Alfredo too. Anton also heard the story and felt sorry for Colette and Alfredo, but mostly felt sorry for Remy since he was the one who was being insulted. Alfredo wanted Remy to be best man/ring bearer, but the way things were going Anton would have to fill that role. As for the rest of the wedding though, everything was going great. The reception was even going to be at La Ratatouille so Remy and his family were at least allowed to come to that event (needless to say, the priest never even heard about the reception). Luckily, something happened the day before the wedding that turned things around: Colette was over at Alfredo's, and they were talking excitedly about finally being together forever after tomorrow. What they didn't expect, since they told Anton and Jesus that they wanted to spend the day alone, was a knock at the door. When Alfredo opened it…. \"Break out the champagne, contact Remy, and let's celebrate!\" Jesus cried happily as he barged in, almost knocking Alfredo down. \"Jesus!\" Alfredo gasped, startled, before realizing what he just said. \"Oh, uh, sorry….\" \"Forget it, I'm used to that.\" Jesus shrugged. \"Great news! Remy can be at the wedding!\" \"WHAT?\" Alfredo and Colette gasped. Remy was just upstairs so he obviously overheard their gasps. \"What's going on?\" He asked as he came downstairs. \"Jesus…just said that you can be at the wedding.\" Colette explained, wide-eyed. \"Jesus this is not April Fools Day….\" Remy started to say sternly. \"No, no, you don't understand: dad has a cold and can't perform any weddings for a few days.\" Jesus explained, now a bit calmer. \"But what about….\" Colette started to complain. \"Let me finish: since I'm licensed – reluctantly licensed but licensed nonetheless – to be a priest guess who's substituting for dad?\" Jesus grinned. \"You mean…you…?\" Alfredo said both happily and slightly disbelievingly (about their good luck, not Jesus's kindness). \"You bet.\" Jesus smiled. Everyone cheered, and Alfredo quickly called Anton to tell him the good news. Anton, of course, was overjoyed. The next day, Colette drove Alfredo, Remy, Django, and Emile to Notre Dame. \"Nervous?\" Colette smiled to Alfredo. \"Actually…no, I'm just excited.\" Alfredo smiled back. \"I can't believe it dearest, in just a few minutes we're going to be together forever.\" \"I'm sure your parents are extremely proud of you Alfredo.\" Remy whispered. \"I know, I wish they were here but at least they can watch from heaven.\" They had just entered the church at this point. \"Well, here's where we split up for a bit.\" Colette said. \"For hopefully the very last time.\" Alfredo smiled before grinning. \"Don't worry, I won't faint at the altar.\" Colette and their rat friends chuckled. Colette and Alfredo then shared a last kiss as an un-married couple before going to change. Remy, Django, and Emile also dressed up, though only in tuxedo jackets and bow ties. Alfredo however never looked his handsomest, despite never wearing a non-waiter tuxedo before he had picked a very good one. Colette too had picked a good wedding dress, though unexpectedly it was a style that didn't match her tomboy nature. Then again, I once read that weddings were supposed to be the fairytale moments of a person's life, so there you go. Her wedding dress was an off the shoulder type, with ruffles in the skirt and lace along the top. She also wore elbow length silk gloves edged with lace. She even wore a tiara along with her train, a tiara that was gold and diamond (I helped with that, in case you were wondering). Separate from usual tradition, Remy did not walk down the aisle like most ring bearers. Since it was a small wedding there was no point, so he just waited on the podium that Jesus was going to speak behind. Django and Emile waited there too, and Anton waited next to them. He also planned to be behind Alfredo just in case if he got a little weak-kneed. Alfredo then showed up and waited. Not long after, Colette walked down the aisle, and Alfredo's heart skipped a beat. Anton and their rat friends were also shocked, they didn't expect Colette to dress up that much. I mean she was even wearing makeup! Light makeup though, just lipstick and eye shadow. \"You…look beautiful.\" Alfredo whispered. \"Well I wanted to look special for my true love.\" Colette smiled. Alfredo blushed, not an embarrassed blush though just a happy one. For the first time in any wedding, the bride did not have a bouquet. Colette didn't have any bridesmaids, so it was already obvious that Hermione or Selena would've caught it (since I wouldn't have even attempted to). Another part of the wedding that was different was that Jesus said most of the vows, and Alfredo and Colette just did the 'I do'. During Alfredo's turn everyone was actually nervous that he'd mentally lose his voice, but love overcame nerves and he said the words. Colette's eyes shone with pride and love as she to said the words when it was her turn. They then shared their first kiss as husband and wife, and we all went straight to the reception. The surprises weren't over though. At La Ratatouille, Jesus actually had the honor of entering the kitchen…where Remy was cooking the small banquet. And that's when he learned the truth about Alfredo's past cooking 'skills'. \"Remy's…the famous cook?\" Jesus gasped. \"Amazing!\" \"Yes, and because of your positive attitude about that we've decided to hire you as another cook.\" Alfredo smiled. \"You mean…?\" \"Not only do we need the extra help, but think of it as a thank you for helping us with our wedding.\" Colette smiled. Jesus, who had lengthened his childhood because of his father's 'bad' parenting skills, did a war whoop (and fell down in the process, even he laughed). The rest of the reception was actually one of the happiest ever despite the few guests. And as for the honeymoon, well, since the bride and groom already live in Paris they went to Venice, Italy, the second most romantic city, instead. Remy missed them while they were gone, but he was glad to be able to have plenty of time with the rat side of his family. The family wasn't going to stop here though, in just a couple of months, Alfredo was going to find out about one of the happiest surprises of his life. He was going to be the father of a boy who he and Colette named…Auguste. And a very good father too, as Colette once said to him: \"If you are a good husband, then you are a good father. And you, Alfredo, are a wonderful husband.\". ","Summary":" February 18, 2008, Alfredo paid me a visit to ask for advice on whether or not he should propose to"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Ratatouille: Réécrit","Author":"IceFlake 77","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6927758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Ratatouille: Réécrit Characters/Pairings: Linguini x Colette, eventual Human!Remy x Linguini Summary: One had the potential, but not the skill. The other had the skill, but not the passion. They both had the vision, and all it took was a little love to make it come true. Eventual Human!Remy x Linguini. Rating: T / R-15 WARNINGS: Human!Remy, eventual gay couple (with highly slashable moments along the way), non-graphic making out and implied sex towards the end Disclaimer (if needed): I DO NOT OWN RATATOUILLE. Disney & Pixar are the GLORIOUS GENIUSES that do. NOTE (READ BEFORE STARTING): This story is basically just the entire movie (plus a little more), but with Remy as a human. The original plot is slightly doctored in order to take into account the impossibility of some moments in the movie if Remy were no longer a rat, but nonetheless, I tried to stay as close to the original as possible (You know…except for the Remy x Linguini part?) If that doesn't bother you, then please do enjoy. :) NOTE 2: I wrote this because I got inspired by this request on the Disney Kink Meme, minus the smut (very funny, since that's all that OP asked for XD) -remove the spaces-: http :/ / disney-kink . livejournal. com / 361 . html ? thread = 1613417 Ratatouille: Réécrit by IceFlake77 Chapter 1 The world during summer was a wonderful, beautiful thing. The endless blue sky contrasted with the green pastures below, which seemed to be even more vivid during the season of the sun more than anything else. Of the sun itself, the star (both literally and poetically) of the day, was shining, bright and warm. Perhaps even too warm. Which was why under the sweltering heat of the midday sun, two brothers were just sitting in front of a small, rather ancient television in their simple little repair shop, watching daytime soaps-one of them devouring (there was no other word for it) the ham sandwich in his left hand and holding a can of soda in his right, the other simply sitting with his hands on his knees, leaning forward. I worry about my brother sometimes. He inhaled, almost instinctively noting the usual smells—sweat and motor oil. His nose scrunched up in protest, though, as it picked up on a particularly unfamiliar and rancid scent, which was coming from…right next to him. Okay, I worry about my brother a lot. \"Emile,\" he said, peering at the disgusting monstrosity his brother was eating. \"How old is that sandwich?\" The plumper of the two of them tore his eyes away from the black-and-white picture on the TV (Hey, they had no reason to replace it, since it wasn't broken yet) long enough to glance down at the topic of the conversation before gluing his eyes back to the TV set. \"Dunno…'bout a few days, maybe?\" He made a face, thinking: Typical. Yes, I worry about Emile a lot. And it's mostly because of his…eating habits. Emile is the sort of guy who doesn't really mind what it is, as long as it's possible to chew and swallow it. I suppose for some people, that would be kind of a plus—him not being a picky eater and all. To tell you the truth, I'm actually a little surprised that he's never been hospitalized for stomach problems, given the amount of crap he eats from god-knows-where and god-knows-when. Of course, this little 'victory' of sorts is always, always, always attributed to the Dubois Stomach of Steel. Which, unfortunately, I didn't inherit. Don't get me wrong—I'm not resentful or anything. In fact, I'm pretty glad that I hadn't gotten it. Just imagine what kind of things I'd be eating now if I had…old pizza; cans of soda, syrupy from days of being left open; other unmentionables…TAKEAWAYS, INSTANT MEALS (God forbid)… Ughhh, I shudder at even the thought . Getting back to Emile…Well, I can't really blame him for having that kind of attitude towards food. It sort of…runs in the family, so to speak. I guess you can even consider it a side-effect of the Dubois Stomach of Steel. Since my clan can generally withstand things that go beyond the gastronomic capabilities of a normal person, we don't really see the need to care about what we eat. (Or something. I don't know. I never really understood it whenever Dad tried to explain to my younger self the more delicate and psychological aspect of the Stomach of Steel. And I've long since given up trying to understand it.) \" REMY, EMILE! \" The two of them looked to where the voice came from. At the entrance to the garage, there was a middle-aged man, one who was in undeniably good shape, dismounting from his ancient (but not ancient-looking) Harley-Davidson. \"Hey, Dad!\" Emile called back before taking another bite of his sandwich. This is my dad. A few facts about my dad: He's almost 50, but doesn't look it because of how well-built he is. He can bench press up to 200 pounds when he's in a bad mood. He goes through a pack of smokes in less time than it takes me to puff one cigarette (the rather absurd feeling of shame at being so slow was what made me pledge to never smoke ever again in the first place, actually). Oh, and he's the guy whose stomach I didn't inherit. He never seems to understand this important little tidbit about me, of course, and it inevitably leads up to a lot of fights centering on my inability to stomach what I seriously do consider is garbage. Take for example the other day, when he, on a rare instance, brought me and Emile lunch: \" Here, eat up,\" was the only thing he said as Dad tossed a plastic bag toward us (or rather, our general direction). I swiftly caught it, having better motor skills than Emile. When it came to food, though, Emile always seemed to move a lot faster. He yanked the plastic bag toward himself and peered inside. He grinned and grabbed one of the plastic containers of food and the root beer, knowing that I hated the stuff. \"Thanks, Dad!\" I, on the other hand, wasn't as happy to discover what our food was. \"Convenience store food, Dad? Seriously?\" I didn't mean to sound so rude, but…I guess it just came out that way. My dad glared at me and opened his mouth to say something rude in return, but my brother, ever the master at reading the atmosphere and desperate amateur at keeping the peace, suggested, \"If you don't want it, I'll eat it!\" \" Yeah,\" my dad agreed. \"Emile can eat your share and you can starve .\" He turned around swiftly and left, leaving dust clouds and the diminishing roar of his beloved motorcycle behind. \" Well,\" Emile commented as he popped his can open. \"That went well.\" I couldn't help but roll my eyes. So you see, in my family, I'm kind of the odd-man-out. What makes it worse is that it's not limited to only my immediate family. If it were, I could handle that. But no, I'm very much aware that all my aunts, uncles, and cousins don't need to mind what they eat either. It makes me miss Mom. Django made his way towards his sons, avoiding without fail all of the random car parts and tools and vehicles along the way, very much used to the cramped space. \"What the hell are you guys doing? There's work to be done!\" \"Give us a break, Dad,\" Remy reasoned out, to which Emile (rather unhelpfully) added: \"Which is exactly what we're doing!\" \"It's ridiculously hot right now, and we don't really feel like doing work in this condition.\" Django huffed and crossed his arms. \"That doesn't change the fact that there's still around half a dozen cars to work on, based on what I just passed by.\" He looked over his shoulder at the cars with open hoods in order to prove his point. \"So tell me, boys, when exactly do you two intend to get off your asses and start working again?\" Remy made a vague gesture with his hand. \"When the car washers get back from their lunch break, or something. It's under control, Dad.\" The twitch of Django's eyebrow didn't go unnoticed. It was obvious that he was getting pissed. \"'It's under control,' huh, Remy? Then why don't you explain to me why the car washers are still on break…AT 2:30 PM?\" Remy's eyes widened as his heart dropped into his stomach. \"It's 2:30 already?\" He turned to his brother. \"Emile, why didn't you tell me?\" \"I-I thought you knew!\" The other answered, mid-bite. He faced his father again. \"Dad, we're sorry! We didn't know…W-We didn't realize—\" He started to ramble out an apology and a haphazard explanation, but Django put his hand up, signaling for him to stop. \"We'll talk about this later, at home. For now, get back to work.\" He dug into his pocket and brought out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. \"Someone tipped me off that Tom and his crew's slacking off by the creek. I'll go get them.\" He took a long drag. \"But this will be the last time.\" \"Yes, Dad…\" His two sons simultaneously replied. Remy hung his head low out of embarrassment and shame, knowing that his dad trusted him with being the more responsible one, and he had failed him. \"See you later, boys.\" Django bid his farewell as he exited the garage with steady but heavy footsteps. He seated himself on his motorcycle and took off. Remy sighed and scratched the nape of his neck before moving to snap the top half of his overalls, which had been hanging around his waist during his way-too-long break, back into place. Emile switched off the TV as he downed the rest of his soda. He crushed the can and belched loudly promptly after. \"I think,\" he started, \"we should fire Tom and his friends. They keep on slacking off and it makes us look like the bad guys.\" The black-haired man turned to him and answered, \"Agh, I wish we could, Emile, but…Aunt Ethel practically begged Dad and us to ignore Tom's…behavioral problems. Besides, he's our cousin. We have to give him a chance, at least just for that.\" Emile shrugged. \"Just sayin'.\" Remy sighed and put his face in his hands, but then remembered what they were supposed to be doing. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his utility gloves. \"Alright,\" he said, \"I guess we should get this over with.\" I'm Remy Dubois. I belong to a gigantic clan (Hello, my dad is the eldest out of fifteen) of mechanics. I'm not good at all the heavy lifting and stuff, but I have a very good eye for detail, which makes me the most suitable to deal with foreign cars, not that we get them very often around these parts—'these parts,' meaning the countryside. My five senses are more…sensitive than those of the average human, which means that I can't stay inside the repair shop a lot if I want to prevent myself from throwing up all the time because of all the funky smells. This, combined with my normal stomach…Well, let's just say that I don't think that this kind of lifestyle is suited for me. And I hate it. Author's Notes: Uh...Review? 8D Constructive criticism is welcome, but I don't like bullies. :([Chapter 2] REPLIES TO REVIEWS: aisarete - I'm actually surprised that no one had thought of doing this kind of thing sooner! MissusPatches - Hahaha, thank you for the kind words! o^_^o I've already planned the entire story out in my head so that it makes as much sense as possible, and I'm glad that I am actually meeting my objectives. :P This isn't my first time doing a multi-chapter story, but I do hope that it will be the first time I COMPLETE one! XD mynameisweird - lolz you can only imagine how disappointed I was with the lack of slash in this fandom X( WHICH IS WHY I'M MAKING MY OWN 8D empurple - Tsk, tsk, darling, you should know me by now. ;) Of COURSE I can make slash with anything. Aaaaand here's the next chapter you need in order to say something interesting :-\" Also, thank you to those who put this on their story alert list! :D Sorry for the delay in this chapter's arrival. It was supposed to be posted like a week ago or something, but my editors have been really busy with real life and of course, I can't pressure them into doing this. On top of that, I had to attend a four-day sleep-in journalism seminar (DORM LIFE IS SO FUNNNN 8D) and I just came back this afternoon. I'll be leaving tomorrow for another four days, so I figured HEY, why not post this now? XD In reality, I've already written six chapters, but yeah. Editor problem. SO. Here's the thing: I NEED A BETA-READER. If anyone's interested, you may PM me, but take note that I'll need to screen you first before agreeing. I'll have to read through some of your works, so if you have never written anything...Well. XD Anyway, the reason why I need to do that is because I never want to release something that sounds crappy or something, so I need someone who is both knowledgeable and unafraid in pointing out my errors. Erm, that is all, and...do enjoy~ Chapter 2 I was quite young when my mother died—about 5 or so. Ah, but don't expect me to start throwing a self-pity party. Take note, I was really young, which means I don't remember her much. What I can remember of her, though, mostly takes place in the kitchen. Our house has always been small, but it's always been enough for our family. Still, my 4-year-old self would always feel oppressed when he'd be in the living room, surrounded by Dad and his burly friends who were always there, playing poker and drinking. (Never smoking, though. Dad forbids smoking inside the house, even until now. Even if he is the only one on which those rules apply to now.) And since my 4-year-old self would always feel oppressed, he'd find solace in the only place he knew he could get it: in the kitchen, with Mommy. \" Oh, what's wrong, Remy?\" \" Dad's playing cards with his friends again…I don't know how to play cards, so I can't join….\" \" Well, you shouldn't because you're still a kid. Tell you what, why don't we do something more fun than sitting around, playing with cards?\" \" What, what?\" \" How about you help Mommy cook?\" \" Okay!\" Hazy memories from almost twenty years ago. They make me feel old, but that's the most vivid memory I have of my mother. I can't really remember what she looked like at that moment, but whatever her physical appearance was, I only know it through the many photographs we keep of her around the house. She was really pretty, and that's basically what everyone says about her. She had soft features and a petite build, which, my uncles say, is totally my dad's type. She was a brunette, which, again quoting my uncles, was a plus. Something people say about my family in terms of physical appearance is this: I look like Dad, except I have Mom's body type. Emile, on the other hand, looks like our mom, but has Dad's build. Our brown eyes, though, Emile's and mine, come from our mother. Which is why Dad sometimes gazes really intently into them. I…don't really want to ask about it, frankly. \"We're home!\" Emile announced as he and Remy walked in through the front door of their small bungalow. \"Did you lock up the shop?\" Django called out from inside the kitchen-dining room, as the brothers toed off their utility boots and placed them on the shoe rack that stood by the door. \"Yes, Dad!\" Remy answered, followed by a muttered \"Like I always do.\" (Between the two brothers, it was Remy who always held the keys, since Emile had the tendency to misplace things.) \"Alright then, come here! Grub's on the table!\" Upon entering, they spotted their father sitting at one side of the square table, reading that morning's newspaper. Above him, the single florescent light bulb appeared to be flickering lightly because of a moth that was circling it. And on the table, there sat… \"Dad, are those takeaways? \" Remy questioned, voicing merely a fraction of his disbelief. Django, already used to his son's peculiar particularity in food, didn't bother getting mad anymore. Still, that didn't stop him from getting mildly irritated. \"Shut up, sit down, and just eat the damn stuff.\" He turned to the next page. \"And I don't know how you manage to do it. I don't know how you manage to still complain about our food, even after years of eating this stuff.\" Let's just say that after Mom died, Dad kind of…let himself go. Himself, and the rest of the family—not that he's ever neglected me and Emile, of course. It's just that, after her death, he sort of closed himself off to the world outside the family. His friends never come here anymore, and if they do, the meeting usually only lasts a few minutes—an hour at most—because of how awkward the conversation goes (I've heard one, and yes, it had been painfully awkward). Dad became a workaholic as the head of the family business and started taking his role as our clan's sort of padre di famiglia very seriously. He knows where everyone is and what everyone is doing at any given time, and I will admit to you this: it's actually a very scary thought. For the first year or so after Mom's death, I can remember him trying his hand at cooking for me and Emile, and…well, Dad has never really been much of a cook. I recall nights when I seriously didn't know what the hell I was eating. Those were the nights before I'd go absent from school because of food poisoning or something or other, and Emile would have to bring my homework for me. (He would look at me weirdly during those times, wondering why I kept on saying Dad's cooking was what made me sick when he seemed to be completely fine. That was before he actually understood that my stomach was much weaker than his.) I liked those days when I'd have to go absent, though, since I got to stay at home and watch TV. And guess what I'd watch: Cooking shows. Which is probably why my childhood was filled with wishful thinking about good food. And, in effect, making good food. Remy sighed as he and Emile took their seats, each at either side of their father. \"Dad, come on, I'm telling you: I can cook. We don't need to keep on ordering take-outs. Besides, if I cook for us, it'll be cheaper and healthier!\" Django looked up at the word 'cheaper'. \"Listen here, this is more of a matter of convenience, alright? I mean, you don't have the time to cook! You're always working or running errands.\" He flipped to the next page and finished, \"Besides, we can't afford you cooking all those fancy dishes, time-wise, nor financially. All those ingredients and equipment…\" Remy gave him a skeptical look. \"I can cook simple dishes, Dad. In fact, that's all I can cook.\" Django put down his newspaper as his eyebrows knitted together and he locked gazes with his son. \"Well—\" \"Hey, Dad,\" Emile butted in, displaying his adeptness at knowing when his younger brother and his father were about to fight for a second time that day. \"You should've swiped some chopsticks when you bought this! Nothing like Chinese food to end a day of hard work, eh, bro?\" For a long moment, the other two did nothing but glare intensely into each others' eyes, until Remy broke the contact and muttered \"Sure…\" The rest of the meal that evening was eaten in tense, uncomfortable silence, the kind that always resulted after fights. The atmosphere lightened only when Django stood up and took his dirty plate to the sink. Wordlessly, he left the room and it was apparent where he had gone when the white noise of the TV in the living room filled the air. It was only at that moment that Emile turned to Remy. \"Bro, I'm not sure if it's very healthy to fight this often with Dad…\" Remy huffed in return, quietly retorting, \"Well, it's not my fault he's such a single-minded guy! If he thought more openly about things, I'm sure we'd get along more, but…but… you know !\" He groaned when he couldn't find the words. The other nodded knowingly in return. \"Or…I dunno. Maybe you should try looking at things his way more too, you know? I mean, let's face it…You're way different from me or our cousins or even any of our relatives—and I'm not only talking about that stomach thing—so…maybe Dad just doesn't really know how to deal with you…?\" By the time he finished his little speech, Emile's eyes were focused on the light bulb and the moth flying around it, stroking his chin in seemingly deep thought. In turn, Remy couldn't help but blink owlishly at him. Simply put, Emile is a sweet idiot—Dad's drunken words, not mine. He would never hurt a fly if he can help it, and he doesn't like seeing people fight. (Nope, his peacemaking doesn't stop with just me and Dad.) That's the 'sweet' part. The 'idiot' part, unfortunately, is as apparent as it is…well, true. During that night that Dad and I were at a bar without Emile, who had opted to stay home and sleep because of how tired he was from a full day of hauling overheated cars off the road and into the garage, he had admitted that he wanted to let the both of us run the shop—Emile as the brawn and me as the brains. He said the business would fall apart if I didn't play my part in that little performance. And yes, I'd have to agree with Dad. I'm nowhere as strong as Emile, and…he isn't anywhere as smart as me. (Oh God, that sounded so vain.) There are moments like these , however, when I find myself reanalyzing that assessment of my brother. Sure, he might've always flunked Math back in school, but who doesn't? (I didn't.) Academically, he isn't the brightest crayon in the box, but there are times that I can't help but think that when it comes to wisdom, Emile is someone I can actually look up to as a big brother. \"You know what, Emile?\" \"Hm?\" \"That's actually pretty sound advice. Thank you.\" Emile gave a toothy little grin in return. \"No prob, little bro.\" Review pleaaaaaase? ;3; I'm not afraid of constructive crit, if that's what you're worried about...[Chapter 3] Hello, everyone! I'M NOT DEAD! XD Really really sorry about the long delay. School started and I've hit the ground running and have kept on running from the very start of class since I'm 4th year (or rather, now that I'm a Senior, since my country's educational system isn't the usual 12-year one). Things have been pretty hectic and will continue on being so for the next month and a half. And then I'll be free~ 8D (bah, what am I talking about? I'm going to miss my alma mater like crazy after grad :( ) Anyway, after I got the results to my college entrance tests, I decided that I needed a break so I...uh...watched Meet the Robinsons for the first time. LOL WAIT THIS IS RELEVANT TO THIS FIC. Anyway, after watching it, I was like 'AAAH I REMEMBER MY RATATOUILLE FIC ;A;' so I brought out my idea notebook again and reread my flowchart/plot notes for this fic. Ah, I'm still in love with it~ Moving on: A CAVEAT: This is a pretty crappy chapter. And seriously, it is. I was supposed to combine it with the next chapter, but BAAAAH the next chapter is really bad! I need to rewrite it, but I don't know when I'll have time to do so. D: Also, if I combine it with the next chapter, the result will be uber LOOOONG. I'm sorry to disappoint the readers who were waiting for this to update (lol or am I just talking to myself here?) but you'll have to hang tight for a little bit more before getting something awesome. I promise the next time you see a 'new chapter' email sitting in your inbox, it'll be good. For now, though, I hope this is enough to prove that I haven't abandoned this. D: [btw the replies to the reviews are at the bottom of the page] Chapter 3 A dog-eared slip of paper was slapped onto the table, right beside Remy's bowl of cereal. \"Morning to you too, Dad,\" Remy greeted as he picked it up. \"'Milk, cereal, orange juice, double-A batteries, 40-watt florescent light bulb, cleaning supplies, 6-pack of beer, pack of cigarettes,'\" he read aloud and gave the other man an uncertain look. \"Uh…Dad?\" Django dragged his feet over to the kitchen counter, to where an empty, dusty coffee pot that hadn't been used in ages sat. He reached for the cabinet above it and pulled out the foil pack of instant coffee powder that sat inside. \"Hot water?\" he asked, his voice still raspy from having just woken up. \"Kettle's on the stove,\" he said before taking another bite of his breakfast, deciding it would be best to wait until his father had gotten his first serving of coffee to ask about the list. As Django plopped himself down on the seat across Remy, his overflowing '#1 Dad' mug of coffee spilling some of its contents onto the table, he asked, \"Where's the paper?\" as he looked around with half-lidded eyes, as if he was disoriented. \"Paper boy hasn't come yet.\" By that time, Remy had already finished his breakfast. He wiped his mouth with a paper napkin that he had pinned underneath his plate. He held up the slip of paper his dad had given him. \"Dad, this is the shopping list I gave you two days ago.\" Django made a sound in his throat that sounded a little like a deep hrrr , just like the one made by a motorcycle accelerating in place. \"Should stop paying that kid. Never delivers the paper on time.\" These, among other things, were what he muttered before taking a sip of his coffee. \"Dad.\" Remy leaned forward and snapped his fingers in front of the man's face, jolting the other man out of his stupor for the most part. He held up the paper. \"What is this?\" \"Oh, right.\" Django groaned and rotated his neck. It made popping sounds at certain places. Remy made a face of slight disgust, which went unnoticed. \"I need you and Emile to run down to town today and run a few errands.\" \"…You want us to buy the things I asked you to get two days ago, with the addition of cigarettes and beer?\" He shrugged. \"Pretty much.\" Remy leaned back again and sighed, looking over the list once more. \"Why can't you be the one to do this again?\" \"Bernard's been arrested again. \" He nonchalantly took a sip then continued when he saw the concerned look on his son's face. \"Petty theft. The usual. Called me to bail him out around an hour ago.\" Remy visibly relaxed. \"I thought he finally worked up the courage to kill that neighbor of his he always complains about. What'd you say to him?\" \"Told him to take care of his own problems.\" He huffed. \"Wish I could follow through, though, but I can't. Being his big brother, I've gotta look out for him. No matter how much he deserves being in jail for a while.\" He shook his head, mumbling, \"Kid never learns…\" A little background: Bernard is my Dad's youngest sibling, so he's my uncle. It's very weird when you take into consideration that I'm seven years older than him. Since he basically didn't really have any real parental guidance to speak of (You can't really blame Grandma and Grandpa. After their fifth kid or so, they kinda stopped caring), he grew up a troublemaker. \" Troublemakers end up in jail,\" was what Dad always used to say to scare me and my brother from getting in with the wrong crowd, and yes, this much is true. Bernard has been to the police station no less than nine times. And that's only considering the times he's actually been caught doing something illegal. \"By the way,\" Django interrupted Remy's train of thought. \"Where's Emile? You have to open up shop at 9.\" He glanced at the clock. \"It's 8:30 already.\" Remy pocketed the sheet of paper and took his plate and empty glass to the sink for washing. \"He'll be down any minute now.\" \"How do you know?\" Remy, with his back turned to his father, allowed himself an amused, little smile. It takes a very long time for Dad to notice patterns. It's been a year since he let me and Emile have free run of the shop so he could open new ones in nearby towns to employ our relatives at. It's been a year since we've been put in charge of opening the shop up at 9 and closing it at 6. But it's been seven years since Emile has started sleeping in until 8:30, only to barrel into the kitchen, eat a serving of cereal in under two minutes, and rush back upstairs to bathe and prepare. All done before 8:45 rolls around, giving us ample time to motor on over to the shop and get ready for a day of business. I wonder when Dad will notice. As if on cue, heavy footsteps hastily plodded down the hallway and into the kitchen. The owner of said footsteps rushed over to the fridge and grabbed the carton of milk before going over to the table, where a place had been prepared for him. A bowl, a spoon, a glass of orange juice, and a box of corn flakes greeted him, all set out by his little brother. He voiced his gratitude for that. After a few moments, in the intervals between shoveling spoonfuls of food into his mouth, Emile turned to Django and jovially said, \"Good morning, Dad!\" His smile fell a little, though, when he saw the look on the older man's face—it looked like he was very perplexed indeed. He swallowed. \"Why are you looking at me like that?\" Remy wiped away the last drops of water from his plate and placed it inside the plastic cabinet beside the sink. He hung the dish towel on the handle of the oven, and as he exited the room, he gave his dad a smirk that clearly said I told you so. HUUUUUUU I'M SORRY TO DISAPPOINT YOU ALL *HIDES* REPLIES TO REVIEWS: SparrowxLight - Thanks! The slash won't be coming for a while, but I hope you wait for it. :) I already have a beta-reader, but thank you for the offer. empurple - Yeah, my stories are usually faster than this when it comes to pacing, but I discovered that this is the pace that I feel most comfortable with when reading. I made that discovery when I read this one fanfic that was SO FREAKING LONG but SO FREAKING BEAUTIFUL so yeah XD PocketAces - 'slightly arrogant Remy and timidly awkward Linguini'...nice way of putting it! I didn't really think of those descriptions for them, but now that you mention it, that sums up their characters pretty well. RooRooDoll - Thanks so much! It took me quite a while to 'translate' the plot from one angle to another, but I think (rather, HOPE) that I've got it down right. :D Like, if a Pixar person were to, on the off chance, read this one day, I want him tobe able to nod along and say 'That makes sense.' AAAH MY DREAM XD PutMoneyInThyPurse - Ohwow I was really overwhelmed by your positive comments! o/o I seriously don't know what to say...XD;;; Thank you so much, though! :D It's reviews like yours that motivate me to keep on writing, so please don't hesitate to leave even more comments! XD And to be honest, I never really went and psychoanalyzed each character...I just got into them and tried to write them the way I'd see them reacting in each situation. I'm glad that it's serving as a way of adding even more depth to the story, which is something I really did hope to achieve. ^_^ Hope you keep following this story! (btw read my PM if you can :D) Wolfenpilot687 - Thank you so much! It really warms my heart to be told that my story is easily imaginable because that means I'm doing something right (since this IS fanfiction, it's sometimes a little difficult to uphold that end of the bargain. Fanfiction is usually plagued by farfetched ideas and OOCness.) Aiatalay - Yeah, I noticed that about kinkmeme posts too! And incoherency? :O I'm surprised to have reached that level! You never bribed me with fanart :( hahaha jk :P Thanks for the comment about picking up on other writers' styles! I really did try my best with that. I watched the movie like a bajillion times before even attempting to start writing this just so I could get Remy's voice down pat. And type away! I immensely enjoy reading long comments. :) manakarijukoisme - The descriptions won't come out in a full-out shebang, but I'll be dropping hints here and there to what his general physical appearance is. I don't want to give an extremely long description because a lot of people usually ignore that (I'm one of those people). Instead, I want to give the reader a little freedom to imagine Remy as however they want to imagine him. I think it would make the story a little more enjoyable if I gave the reader their very own part to play. :) Um...to be honest, Remy will not be meeting Linguini for quite a while. QUITE A WHILE. I can't say any more than that because I'll be giving the plot twists away. :P Sorry! Still, I hope to see you still reading even after this reply! :D steelnightshade123 - I think that's happened to everyone at least once. Glad you're liking it so far! :D Hope you stay for the ride. ","Summary":" Title: Ratatouille: Réécrit Characters/Pairings: Linguini x Colette, eventual Human!Remy x Linguini"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Wish Upon a Star (Thx for the Deus ex Machina, Disney)","Author":"Wordlet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13170505","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Spontaneous fic posting at it's finest. Wrote this on a whim in September and, after a couple edits through, we're here with the after-midnight-decision to post a thing. But hey, I want to look like I produce stuff on this website and things are small enough over here that maybe no one will even notice if it's bad! (I don't think it is, at least not too bad). Anywho, hope you enjoy. Next chapter will come when I get tired of editing it again and again, or if someone reviews to say they're actually interested. Wish (at least that's what we're blaming this on) For all that he tried to make himself discreet, Alfredo didn't really think that it mattered if he jumped up and down with a set of crash cymbals. Little Chef was just having one of those nights. Despite the fact that he was a rat, no one could deny that his friend was also an artist- and a talented one at that. From where Alfredo lingered in the doorway to the kitchenette of his small apartment (much better value than the one he'd first had upon coming to Paris but more practical and homey than the one he'd gotten after inheriting Gusteau's) he was less than a blip on the radar for their Little Chef, who was completely and totally consumed in the making of dinner. Alfredo never got tired of watching him work, from that very first night in the kitchen when the rat had been almost dancing around the pot of soup that he'd been in the middle of ruining, it was an incredible sight. Not just because a rat was cooking, but because an artist was at work. Little Chef rarely indulged the way he did that first night, he was far more practical and cooked to get a dish made, but, on occasion, he fell back into the old rapture of what Alfredo was willing to bet was his first time with full control over a human dish. But just now, as he prepared the filet mignon for Alfredo's and Collete's movie night, he was having, well, fun with it. His hips swayed as he battered the fish and he almost melted into the spices as he rifled through the stalks of freshly dried herbs he handpicked. Nothing he did was planned but it was all calculated, all purposeful, and his confidence and passion were evident in every movement down to the twitch of a whisker. Alfredo was just as entranced watching him work as Little Chef was in the food itself. But where Little Chef probably wouldn't notice if the building caught on fire, Alfredo startled from his spectating at a hard rap to the door. \"Coming!\" he called down the short hall and he threw himself in front of the mirror, tugging at his clothes and fluffing his hair in a way that hopefully wouldn't look quite so rumpled (as every part of him was). The knock came again, a little more insistent and he stopped with his fussing, gave his reflection one hard look in the mirror, and said \"Don't be weird. She doesn't like it when you're weird.\" It didn't usually work but he always tried. Just as he was about to open the door, the lock clicked and Collette stepped into the apartment, motorcycle helmet under one arm and key ring around her finger. \"I do not understand why you give me a key and then ask me to knock.\" She scolded, but her smile was teasing and her tone lacked the usual bite of her anger. \"Especially when you are always late to open it!\" \"Haha… sorry.\" he chuckles, sheepish, and takes her coat as she shrugs out of it. \"Little Chef is having a good time with dinner tonight so I was watching.\" \"Oh? Merci, is he still? He doesn't do it much at the restaurant anymore.\" \"I think so, in the kitch- yeah.\" he cut himself off as Collette brushed past him. He offered a fond smile at her back. He loved how she was always so confident and certain of herself, they were qualities he wished he had himself. She too kept to the doorway of the kitchen, not crossing into the threshold of the Little Chef's workspace for all that she was a welcome guest. Alfredo had seen it the other way around as well, when Collette was in a particular mood Little Chef wouldn't cross the invisible barriers within the kitchen, allowing her the space she needed to create. It was a mutually understood respect between chefs, when one could cross certain lines but not others. Alfredo himself just tried not to get in the way. He came up behind her, intending to put his arm around her but ended up hesitating for too long. She reached back and took his hand, pulling him around her like a blanket and leaning her head back against his shoulder. He never knew where the line was with physical intimacy either, so it was typically better to let Collette make the initial moves to show him the ropes. With permission granted he leaned his chin down over her head and soaked up the warmth of her presence. Little Chef didn't offer either of them so much as a glance, focused entirely on the meal he was preparing. \"Collette…\" he started and she hummed to encourage him just as he was beginning to regret saying anything. \"Where do you think… he came from?\" he rubbed his thumb against her hand in his and breathed in the smell of her hair. \"Just, they aren't all like him. Most of them are just rats. Civilized rats but, and I don't mean that they aren't fine, I don't know, they're just, and he's-!\" as he started to get flustered Collette turned in his arms and pressed a kiss into his jaw, cutting him off. \"Our Little chef is just a special case, Oui? \" she smiled. \"Of course they aren't all like him, he has a special talent. Like Gusteau. Not all humans are like you or me either, cheri. \" he gave her a dopey smile, hand pressed to where she'd kissed him and she laughed. \"He is just what he is, non ? No need to think about it more than that. Now, let's set the table before the food is done so it doesn't go cold.\" She slipped from his arms and into the kitchen, moving brusquely across the floor to the cupboard and moving back out of the space in a matter of seconds. Alfredo followed her into the dining room, a table for three with only two chairs, right beside the window looking out over the city. Collette handed him the napkins to fold while she set out the plates and silverware but he just stared out the window, worrying the fabric in his hands. His mind circulating that idea of where Little Chef had come from, what he felt, what he'd seen. They didn't know very much about him, after all. Even now Alfredo didn't know where he went on his off hours or what he liked to do beyond food. And how was he supposed to? He was a rat! How were they supposed to communicate? Any better than they did already, anyhow- and that was already impressive. Seeing as… yeah. \"Alfredo,\" Collette said and he snapped his attention back to her. She glared at the unfolded napkins unimpressed. He shrugged and flapped one of them loose, folding it up and handing it to her to place. Her gaze softened as she took it from him, noticing that he was really thinking about it. \"Why is this bothering you all of a sudden?\" \"I guess… it always has, a little.\" He sighs. \"Because of Little Chef… I have a life now. I was, a mess, Collette, when I first got that job at Gusteau's. I still am!\" He snorts and hands her the next napkin. \"It's because of him that I know who my father was, that I have my entire inheritance, that we have La Ratatouille, that I have… you. Everything.\" He sighed again. Collette lifted his chin up with a finger and raised an eyebrow at his somber look. Then she took the last napkin from his hand, snapped it open, and folded it the way Little Chef liked his place set. \"Listen, Alfredo. You remember what Ego wrote about the meal he had from us that night?\" \"Yeah, I -\" \"He wrote, 'It is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now cooking at Gusteau's,'. He meant that only because Little Chef is a rat but it must be true, non ? It was not an easy journey for him to get to the kitchen, just as it was not easy for me, but it was important to him and so here we are!\" She braced her hands on the table, making sure she had his attention. \"Remembering that , what food and cooking mean to Little Chef, shows that you know him plenty well. Recognize his hardship for what it must have been and know that you see as much of him as needs to be seen for you two to be partners as you are.\" She smiled. \"And as for you, you would have done fine on your own. Perhaps it would have taken a little longer but Alfredo- whatever else Little Chef helped you get- I did not choose you because of the rat under your toque.\" Alfredo blinked and then smiled back. It was nice to hear, even if he knew it was not entirely true. And, of course, he knew better than to argue with her. By the set of her lips, she knew that he didn't quite buy it but she seemed to decide it wasn't worth pursuing when a bell in the kitchen dinged- the sign that Little Chef needed a size advantage with some menial task. Probably maneuvering the frying pan into the oven if Alfredo had noticed the right step from the recipe (which Little Chef had admittedly deviated from promptly and without remorse). \"Try not to let it bother you, cheri .\" She patted his hand and swept off into the kitchen to handle whatever had come up. Alfredo glanced out the window again, looking not at the city but at the sky above it, star-speckled and gleaming like velvet. \"I just wish that I could understand him better.\" He mumbles. He notices that the apartment is starting to get a bit stuffy with the heat of the oven and flips the latch to let the window swing open. \"We've shared so much… I wish we could understand each other a little better.\" Alfredo is not a superstitious man. Religious, yes, aware of possible impossibilities, yes (he has a rat for a best friend), but not superstitious. So he doesn't miss the way the whole sky seems to brighten, doesn't miss the extra twinkle in the night sky as he looks out into the heavens. But it is not of granted wishes that he thinks, it's of blessings from his mother and the approval of his heartfelt intentions by some higher power. A wink from someone who understands how he feels. He turns away, feeling reassured and comforted. Confident that at least he is right to want to know more. Unaware that he's just wished upon all their heads a night of discoveries. Quick PSA to always review, especially things that bring you joy/excitement/fulfillment. It'll mean the world to the author. In a small fandom like this, any and all reviews are appreciated. Actually, in any sized fandom reviews of any kind are appreciated, but especially places with sporadic traffic like here. Please, just a quick note is all it takes to tell me, or any writer, that I've done a decent job. Make someone's day, even if it's not mine. Thank you for reading, hope you enjoyed![Chapter 2] AN: Because movies are long I didn't cover every single line of every single scene, some things are skirted over but almost nothing is outright skipped. You should be able to follow okay but some transitions might be a tad rough since the characters don't stop the movie every time they start talking about what's going on. Cyrano de Bergerac is a french adventure-romance movie screening in 1950. It should have been on television around the time that I figured Ratatouille was set based on the tech we see. Disney and Pixar do not exist/aren't household names in this fic/universe Major thanks and kudos to mysteriouscathat who left a wonderful review. You are a big part of why I updated tonight. Usually, I respond via PM but because you're a guest reviewer I'll thank you right here. Mysteriouscathat: I'm really happy I was able to fulfill your fic need for this trope, and hope that you find what you're looking for here. Also, you better believe I had an amazing day, you made it amazing right from the get-go when I woke up to a review notification and found such a gem in my inbox. Thank you for an earnest and eager review, this chap is for you~ Sit down, let me tell you a story Movie nights are one of those human habits that Remy has come to enjoy very much. He may not be an official addition to Linguini's and Colette's weekly practice, largely ignored for the duration of the film as the two of them settle from dinner and cuddle up as lovers tend to do, but he enjoys being there all the same. On a night like tonight, he'll probably fall asleep before it gets too far along, warm and satisfied as he is from the work done with the filet mignon . It's not the movie that incurs his enjoyment, (though on occasion they are very interesting) it's the quiet happiness that permeates the room and reminds him of when he was young living with the colony without any idea of how different he was. He wouldn't give up where he was or what he did for the world, but it was nice to feel like it was a simpler time, without actually being back then. Alfredo and Colette stand side by side in the kitchen, doing the dishes, as per usual on nights where he cooks. (Sometimes Colette provides the meal, and he never minds repaying the favor of washing up. While he has the nose for cooking she has the experience. He is often happier eating her version of a dish than he might be with his own). Remy takes the opportunity to stake out his part of the couch. Seeing as how Linguini is just as prone to falling asleep during movie nights as Remy himself, making camp on the cushions is dangerous- so he carries his scrap of blanket to the arm of the sofa and arranges it around himself in something reminiscent of a nest. It's warm and he settles into it just as the pair come out of the kitchen, leaning on each other just a little and laughing about something they'd each said. Remy smiles and watches them collect themselves on the sofa, finding the remote, throwing their own blanket around their shoulders, and fitting into one another as they sit- like puzzle pieces that don't fit anywhere else in the picture but with each other. \"Thanks for dinner, Little Chef.\" Linguini says, already yawning. He offers Remy his finger, their personal gesture, and Remy puts his paws on it and nods at him in understanding. Linguini's sleepy, content grin is not a rare one, but he is fond of seeing it all the same. Nights at La Ratatouille always run late and so it is only on Sundays, their one day off, that any of them can afford the time for this sort of indulgence. They are all tired, regardless and Remy decides, as Linguini clicks the screen on and a trumpeting french anthem begins to play, that this is one of those nights that he's just going to miss out on. No hard feelings though. The room is already thick with that coziness he loves about movie nights. It's easy to begin drifting off, the movie playing in the background, even as Colette and Linguini begin to argue softly. \"Weren't we going to watch Cyrano de Bergerac? \" Colette asks. \"What channel is this?\" \"It's the right one.\" Linguini replies, puzzled, and the remote clicks a few times, the light from the television set blinking through a few different channels. But the voice goes on. \" We French know the truth,\" Click. \" That the best food in the world is made,\" Click. \" In France. And the best food in France \" Click. \" Is made in Paris. And the best food in Paris.\" Click. \" Some say, \" Click. \" Is made by Chef Auguste Gusteau. \" \" Gusteau? \" all three of them say, Remy perking up out of the makeshift nest and Colette and Linguini both leaning forward in their seats. \"It must be an outdated documentary or something…\" Linguini says but Colette shakes her head. \"I know all of the films that spoke of Chef Gusteau.\" \"You could have… missed one?\" \"He was my mentor, I would not have missed one that spoke of him so highly.\" Remy watched the screen with trepidation. Something strange was going on here, he could tell. As the announcer waxed on about his late role model he crept out of his nest and jumped down onto the cushions, moving closer to the screen. \"Look, it's Ego too.\" Linguini pointed as the ex-critic came onto the screen. \" Amusing title,\" He said, adjusting his glasses. \"Anyone Can Cook. What's even more amusing is that Gusteau actually seems to believe it. \" Remy couldn't help but smile, knowing that now Ego was much happier, and a believer in that very motto. \"Now that I recognize.\" Colette wrinkled her nose. \"That interview was what started all of it, back then. What a mess.\" The film, having continued as they spoke, faded into black. Linguini took the opportunity to flip a few more channels, but the screen remained blank until, in elegant script- Walt Disney Pictures Presents Linguini groaned quietly as channel after channel flipped by with only those words showing. \"No matter where I go this is all that's playing. The set must be broken.\" \"It's fine, cheri. It is about food, and Gusteau, surely that will be of interest to all of us, non? \" \"I guess.\" Linguini slumped back into the seat and Colette wasted no time in leaning back against him. The screen kept rolling. A Pixar Animation Studios Film Remy was more than a little suspicious by now. And that feeling only increased as the picture returned, a house in the countryside that seemed familiar somehow, though he couldn't quite detect where he knew it from… The picture clarified, coming into focus and zooming in closer, and something was tickling his memory, for sure. A blast sounded and one of the windows lit up with a flash. Shortly after that, a wail. Colette and Linguini both seemed confused but relaxed but Remy was starting to feel flat out anxious. It was almost a good thing that the next string of text appeared on the screen, it validated his worry. Ratatouille Just a single word, but a trigger word if there ever was one when used in the presence of these three- especially with all these strange goings-on. \"Huh?\" Linguini jerked upwards again. \"What is going on?\" Colette hissed, at attention as well. Remy could feel the anxiety coiling into his gut, and the realization of what was going on, what couldn't be going on but what was , came quick and hard as, the closer the picture got to including only the window, the more certain he was of why all of this was causing such unease. Very suddenly, a crash, the window on screen broke, and there he was, Remy, frozen in the frame, with Gusteau's cookbook held over his head, leaping out into the yard. Colette stood up with a gasp and Linguini's jaw worked soundlessly. And then, as if things couldn't get any stranger. His voice? \" This… is me .\" Remy jumped off of the couch cushion and onto the floor, scampering over to the base of the TV and bracing himself against it, sniffing at the picture, panicked with confusion, even as the film, his voice , continued to play. \" I think it's apparent that I need to… rethink my life a little bit.\" With a snap, the screen went dark and Remy jumped back, startled. He turned back to the humans who stared at him in return, equal astonishment on their faces. Linguini still sat on the couch, the remote in his hand, outstretched towards the television from where he'd shut it off, not knowing what else to do when faced with impossibility. \"What… was that?\" He asked, voice high pitched and uncertain. Remy sat back on his haunches and shook his head. \"I… don't know.\" He said, mostly to himself, but including hand gestures for the human's benefit. \"I've never, I don't… How could anyone have-?\" He threw up his hands and rubbed at the bases of his ears, where tension tended to gather when he got stressed. \"I don't understand…\" \"Little Chef,\" Colette interrupted, tone business-like and leaving no room for argument. \"Was that or was that not you?\" How to explain? \"It was me in the picture,\" He gestured vaguely, trying to communicate. \"And it was my voice. But I never said those things! And when that happened, well, I think I would have remembered someone filming me.\" He rubbed a little harder at his ears. \"It is you, then?\" Linguini asked, sounding stricken. \"You don't remember it happening but it's you?\" \"No, no,\" Colette interrupted. \"This happened, but he does not know how it could have gotten onto our screen.\" Remy shot her a thumbs up to support her theory but she did not seem at all reassured of her understanding. \"Something very strange is going on here.\" She mused. \"But... I'm not so sure it's a bad thing.\" \"Not a bad thing?\" Remy exclaimed, \"How is this not a bad thing? I don't exactly like my life story being broadcast-\" \"Little Chef,\" Colette interrupted. \"I am sure this must seem strange to you, I agree it is off-putting, but is there really such a problem with it? Aside from the methods through which the footage was obtained, that is. And for whatever reason, it doesn't seem as though we will be able to avoid it except by not watching anything at all tonight.\" \"And we could do that!\" Linguini jumped in, \"If that's what you want we won't watch it, honest! But…\" he paused, fiddling with the remote. \"That's… you, right? That's what your voice sounds like to other rats?\" Remy nodded. \"I've never heard it before.\" Linguini explains, \"And I don't know anything about, you! This is the only chance that I, we , could have to learn more about you. I don't want to miss that chance... if you're okay with it.\" Remy stared at them both for a second, uncertain if he could believe his ears. They wanted to watch… him? Him doing all of that silly kid stuff from before he even knew anything about cooking? Just him, like every other rat, digging through the trash? He was ashamed of his life then, for all that he'd been living in ignorance. He didn't want them to see it! But… Linguini's eyes were earnest and pleading. He didn't see it that way. He saw it as some sort of bridge between them, which, in a way, it was. They could understand his words in this, somehow. Whatever he said, they'd understand, no charades required. And even if he couldn't control what he said… him on the screen wouldn't say anything that he wouldn't say himself, right? It wasn't going to be the most glamorous view of him, but if Linguini wanted so badly to see his life before Gusteau's, then maybe it was an opportunity that he could afford him, just once. And Linguini was right on that count as well. When else would they be able to communicate this story? It was, wow, almost two years ago now that he'd left that cottage. Everything that happened there was an article of the past. Linguini and Colette both knew he was different from every other rat now, no matter his origins. \"Fine, go ahead.\" He waved his paw at them, turning back to the TV. \"If you want to see it, just… don't judge me.\" Linguini looked once more at Colette who nodded her assent and the picture flickered back to life at the press of a button. Despite it running on a public channel, the film didn't seem to have run any further, stopping when they had and, now, when they'd tuned back in, continuing as though nothing had happened. \" What's my problem?\" His voice said, wry with the understanding of that particular fact. \" First of all, I'm a rat. \" The picture changed to show a silhouette of a stereotypical rat, claws bared, eyes red, fur mangled. Remy cringed at the image- and though he didn't notice, Colette and Linguini did as well, both looking vaguely angry. \"It's not a problem that you're a rat, Little Chef.\" Linguini said, speaking over screen-Remy's voice as he continued. \" Which means, life is hard.\" Across the screen a horde of rats scampered across the ground towards a compost heap, leaping into the garbage without hesitation. Remy shrugged back at Linguini, because, well it sort of was a problem. It had been a problem all his life, for all that he hadn't realized it until about where the film had started up. \"Really-\" Linguini insisted but Colette hushed him. \" And second, I have a highly developed sense of taste and smell.\" Remy was on screen again, and his voice no longer spoke over the scene playing, it was just him saying things that he had said once. He remembered saying them- \" Flour, eggs, sugar, mhmm, vanilla bean…\" Colette snorted and Remy glanced back to glare at her. \"Sorry, Little Chef.\" She grinned, \"But it strikes me as funny that at one point you deduced that there was flour in a cake. Your highly developed senses serve you better in our kitchen than in that garbage heap.\" And, while she was teasing, Remy could see what she meant. The sly way that she'd included she was glad he was with them, and the light humor she'd applied to all of this... It showed that it was not embarrassing in the way that he felt it was. She would treat it as nothing more than a laugh, the way one might snicker at baby pictures. Remy appreciated that more than she could know but he offered her a hesitant smile and nod to try and convey what it meant to him. \"Even among rats, you have a better sense of smell?\" Linguini asked, and Remy nodded. On-screen Emile erupted from the center of the cake, deterring Remy from venturing any further in his investigation. \" Wow, you can smell all that?\" Remy glanced back at Linguini as if to say, 'Yes, I'm better, as you can see.' \" You have a gift!\" \"No wonder you smell everything before you put it in a dish.\" Linguini muses, seemingly flabbergasted by the revelation. \" This is Emile. My brother.\" His voice played over the scene again, freezing the image of his brother covered in cake. \" He is… easily impressed.\" \"Your brother…\" Linguini breathed. \"I know him! He hangs around you all the time. I never realized…\" \"You have human names?\" Colette asked and Remy raised an eyebrow at her. \"We have names .\" He said, pointing at them and then at himself. \"Not just human, not just rat. Just names.\" \"Right, sorry.\" She agreed but her face remained thoughtful and Remy could tell that she was considering what his could be. At this rate, they'd probably find out. Which… might actually be nice. On-screen, his dad was sniffing through the rubbage, and Remy's own voice was in the middle of explaining their relationship. \" He also happens to be the leader of our clan. \" \"Does that make you, a prince or something?\" Linguini blurts and Remy snorts. \"Not a prince,\" He shakes his head. \"But it comes with some benefits.\" \" So what's wrong with having highly developed senses?\" His own voice asked on the screen before tuning back into the scene itself. \" Whoa whoa whoa! \" He lunged and snatched the apple core from his dad's paws, holding it out of reach. \" Don't eat that!\" \" What's going on here?\" His dad asked, annoyed at having his food taken away. Remy led them across the yard and lifted the corner of a tarp leaned against the house. Underneath it were boxes of rat poison. \" Turns out that funny smell was rat poison. \" His voice explained and Linguini gasped in worry. Remy glanced back at him and held his paws out- settle down , I'm fine. It was sweet how much he cared though. \" Suddenly Dad didn't think my talent was useless. I was feeling pretty good about my gift. Until Dad gave me a job. \" Remy laughed as this scene came on. He remembered it well, one of the most boring and torturous jobs he could have imagined. Not only were very few of the items poisoned, which made everything monotonous, everything also smelled bad . Half rotten fruits and moldy bread and everything in between. Nothing even remotely pleasant for the entire three days it had been his job. \" That's right, poison checker. \" Colette laughed too when she realized what was going on. He shook his head as he watched himself try to spice up the experience just a little by saying \" Close to godliness \" instead of the same old \" Clean\". But that just confused the other rats. \"You really were quite out of place, weren't you, Little Chef?\" \" Now don't you feel better Remy? You've helped a noble cause!\" Remy snorted again at that, much as himself on the screen did, quickly falling into the same old argument with his dad. Colette, however, had immediately picked up on an important detail. \"Your father just called you 'Remy'.\" She said, triumphant. She looked to him for confirmation to be sure, the eagerness in her expression undeniable. \"Is that your name, Little Chef? Your real name?\" Remy smiled back, similarly excited at the reveal of this particular information, and nodded. \"Remy?\" Linguini said, sounding almost confused. \"Reeeh-meeee.\" He tried it out again. A smile grew on his face and he pushed himself off of the couch to crouch on the floor. He held out his finger, the way he had when thanking Remy for the meal, and said, with a grin wide enough to light up the room. \"It's nice to meet you, Remy!\" \" Oui! \" Colette bent down and offered her own hand, \"Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Monsieur Remy. \" Hearing his own name on their lips was like a dream, one he'd never realized he had, come true. The epithet of \"Little Chef\" had never bothered him, but hearing them both use his real name was a new level of connection and understanding. Of course, they still couldn't understand one another, but now his name, his identity, was more fully theirs to know. He took both of their fingertips in his paws and beamed right back up at them. Hope you enjoyed, please leave a review on the way out![Chapter 3] AN: I say that Remy is three years old whereas a rat of his species and living situation would only live to about two years. However, since 1) I refuse to believe that Remy died less than a year after getting his restaurant, 2) he needed a decent amount of time at that farm cottage to, you know, grow up, and 3) because this is fiction (and fanfiction at that) we're just going to believe that the rats have a longer lifespan than what is typical. Blame the Pixar Theory or something. I'd have it, maybe, ten years instead of two, but we certainly aren't covering that in this fic so his actual lifespan doesn't matter. Also, I headcanon Remy as a partial synesthete, that is, the nerves that control his senses of taste, sight, and smell are crossed. (If you don't know anything about synesthesia, look it up! It's a very interesting condition). This is to explain the taste visualizations in the movie. It can also be read as an interpretation of rats' superior sense of smell. But synesthesia is way cooler so there you go. This fic can also be found on AO3 under the same username, updating simultaneously. Gotta grow like a weed to bloom like a flower Learning Little Chef's name was like finding the last missing piece to a puzzle which had sat almost complete for several weeks. Remy. It suited him, she knew that much with absolute certainty. And from the warmth in his eyes as he looked up at them, their knowledge of his name meant as much to him as it did to them. There is only so much that can be learned or understood about another from gestures and body language. Now, suddenly, they could hear his voice, knew his manner of speaking, knew his name . And that seemed to open up a world. \" Remy ,\" She said primly, putting every stress on his name. \"You should sit on the couch with us.\" \"Yeah, Remy ,\" Alfredo snorted with glee, copying her tone and attention to the new term, grin so wide it threatened to extend past the limits of his face. \"Come join us!\" Remy didn't hesitate in nodding and stepping into Alfredo's waiting palm. Almost instinctively, Alfredo's thumb came up to rub over the rat's head and Remy nuzzled right back affectionately. They settled back onto the couch in the way that Colette always loved about their movie nights, except Remy stayed in Alfredo's palm rather than skirting back to his temporary nest where he would usually fall asleep halfway through the film. None of them had any intention of sleeping through this one, she was sure. No sooner had they found their places than Alfredo was drawing in a sharp breath, a realization striking him. \"Can... I still call you Little Chef, though?\" Linguini asked, concerned. \"It's been so long, I'm used to it- but, I mean, it's also. You. To me it's you.\" Remy didn't hesitate for even a second as he set his paws again on Alfredo's wrist, the understood gesture for sincerity, and nodded empathetically. Alfredo almost seemed to wilt with relief and Colette was struck with the urge to laugh at his honest distress at potentially having to abandon their fond nickname. As they'd spoken, the film had continued without pause. However, it didn't seem that anything more than a brief argument between Remy and his father had occurred. Indeed, it seemed that their feud was still enduring on some level. \" Food is fuel.\" He lectured, \" You get picky about what you put in the tank your engine is gonna die.\" \"A callous perspective,\" Colette sniffed, disdain coloring her tone. \"Here you have a most distinguished palate and the only way for you to survive is by eating scraps. To treat food as though it is only sustenance- it is an art!\" \" If we're gonna be thieves, why not steal the good stuff in the kitchen! Where nothing is poisoned…\" Remy encouraged, and while she knew that Remy, under Alfredo's empathetic request, no longer took anything without providing reimbursement in some way- not even rat sized portions that wouldn't be missed- she'd never thought he'd been for stealing. Not beyond the necessities, anyhow. For Remy, better food would have been a necessity, should have been if it wasn't. Desperate times called for desperate measures and the dining options available to him were certainly… desperate. Remy did not seem happy with the revival of his past moral lapse either and he shrunk in Alfredo's hand as though expecting a change in the human's perspective of him, but, of course, none came. Alfredo seemed more wrapped up in the word 'poison' being thrown around so regularly. Humans really had built the world for themselves, the world where every other species was in a fight for its life. The film continued as she contemplated all of this until Remy's voice came in over the scene once more. \" I know I'm supposed to hate humans,\" Colette blinked in surprise but smiled. To be resting in a human hand while watching a movie in a human living room, when he'd been raised to think that humans were dangerous and best off scorned, was a real accomplishment, no matter how little credence he'd ever given those teachings. \" But, there's something about them! They don't just survive, they discover, they create! I mean, just look at what they do with food!\" On the television in the film, Gusteau's old cooking show was running. It was one of those moments when he'd been feeling especially inspiring- and Remy was entranced like it was gospel from a preacher. Things only really got interesting when he picked up a piece of cheese and a strawberry from the bowl behind him- and took a bite. \"Whoa!\" Alfredo breathed as pools of color dotted around Remy as he savored the flavor. \" Gusteau was right, Mhmm, oh yeah!\" The rat narrated over top as the visualization of the taste danced in the background. \" Each flavor was totally unique! \" The strawberry was more delicate, with shimmering, curved lines arcing through the background. \"Is that you too?\" Alfredo presses and Colette is ready to tell him that no, this is not another length in the distance between him and his culinary-minded friends, when Remy nods. \"That's amazing! No wonder you have to smell everything to see if it goes well together- you can actually see how they might mix.\" \"Is that true, Little Chef?\" Colette asks and when he nods at her again she scowls. \"So close you are to the food you eat, such vividity in what you taste and see- and still you must eat garbage. What a misérable circumstance.\" \" Combine one flavor with another- and something new was created! \" He enthused on screen, and Colette marveled at the colors that mingled and spread across the screen. It was like some sort of synesthesia, where Remy could see taste sensations. No wonder he had been so passionate, so desperate to find good food. Before Remy could do any more exploration of the kitchen a woman asleep in an armchair woke up, and in a panic the rat rushed for the window, pausing to look back only after he was sufficiently hidden in the tall grass. \" So now, I had a secret life.\" A secret life indeed, and what a dangerous secret for a rat. It seemed that in order to find the beauty and passion that he worked with daily now, Remy had had to grow tough and dodge many bullets. Like a weed that couldn't quite be pulled and eventually grew into what people then realized had been a flower all along. \" Oho hohoho!\" The rat on the television screen, Remy , tapped his paws together with excitement as he sniffed out a patch of wild mushrooms. They were nothing impressive to her or Linguini, but to him, who spent most of his life thus far eating trash, it was an incredible find. And more than that, it was an ingredient, something that could be used as he explored his new passion. \" Emile! I found a mushroom!\" He called up to his brother on screen and while Colette had never pictured their small friend to be so excitable she couldn't blame him. The opportunity was one he'd never had before. To experiment, to make something good. \"Your enthusiasm is palpable, Little Chef,\" She smiled at him and he looked up at her, grinning, still a little sheepish, from where he was curled comfortably in Alfredo's hand. \" He doesn't understand me, but I can be myself around him.\" The narration dropped off as Emile asked: \" Why are you walking like that?\" \"Is it really so strange?\" Linguini asked as Remy explained to his brother how constant paw washing was a hassle and that dirty paws contaminated the taste of food. Colette couldn't help but think that dirty paws couldn't take too much away from what was already the taste of trash. \"I don't spend a whole lot of time around other rats but your… colony did you say? Your colony seems to do it often enough.\" Remy began to explain as best he could in his usual gestures but Colette focused on the film, watching the bliss as he breathed in the smell of the cheese morsel. And then as he ran about, picking out every possible flavor to add. She wasn't sure how good it would actually be, but he cared enough to make it worth attention. What was just a small chunk of cheese and a mushroom to her was every possibility in the world to him, and he treated them like treasure, adding rosemary and sweetgrass to his horde and responding appropriately when Emile discounted its individuality. \" We don't want to throw this in with the garbage! This is special .\" He held the food close to his chest, shielding it from Emile's intentions. \" But we're supposed to return to the colony before sundown, or, you know, Dad's gonna-\" \" Emile!\" Remy interrupted, stern. \" Du- bu,\" He fumbled for the right words to make the tasteless rat understand. \" There are possibilities unexplored here, we've gotta cook this! Now, exactly how we cook this is the real questiiiiioooh!\" The background came into focus, smoke puffing out of the chimney and Colette had to put a hand to her mouth to muffle her laugh at the delight on Remy's face. \" Yeah!\" And suddenly they were up on the roof, the mushroom speared on a part of the weathervane which Remy was turning slowly, looking content to sit there for hours as he explained: \" The key is to keep turning it.\" He said. \" Get the smokey flavor niiiice and even…\" In the background, lightning flashed down in a distant thunderstorm. Alfredo tensed at her side and Colette could see what was probably making him nervous. But Little Chef was still there with them today, he could not have been too badly hurt if the storm did get so close before they were done cooking. \" That storm's getting closer…\" Emile murmured, just as concerned as Alfredo. From the corner of her eye, she noticed Remy standing up in her partner's hand, putting his paws on his thumb as a gesture of comfort. But what was he comforting him about… \" Hey, Remy… You think that maaayybe we shouldn't be so-\" The living room lit up with the lightning strike that came down, attracted to the metal of the weather vane. Alfredo jumped and then had to jump again to catch Little Chef as he tumbled out of his grasp. Colette flinched at the sight, mind working with the possibilities of a rat surviving an almost direct lightning strike- \"Jeezus, Little Chef!\" Alfredo wailed, both hands cupped around the rat in his grasp, as though he was made of glass (and indeed he appeared to be a bit shaken by the sight himself). The strike had been over in an instant though and already the two rats were on the ground, fur fuzzed comically with the electricity, and Remy was already recovered, raving about the taste of the mushroom. \" It's got this kind of, uh, burning, mmm, melty, it's not really a smokey taste, it's it's a certain, ah, it's kinda like a bwschooooo!\" He spun in a circle with the sound, and if she hadn't seen him before the strike she'd think the energy was left over from the strike- but no, every bit was simply the extreme enthusiasm of a discovered love. It was like watching Picasso realize that paints could make pictures. Even Alfredo was chuckling, though he still seemed a little concerned about the electrocuted state of their friend. Little Chef buried his face in his paws and shook his head as, on-screen, he continued to make sound effects and make plans for the next storm until- \" I know what this needs! Saffron! A little saffron would make this! \" Emile didn't look impressed. Not with the lightning, and not with the necessary inclusion of saffron. \" Saffron. Why do I get the feeling it's in the kitchen.\" \" It's in the kitchen!\" Remy agreed, seemingly ignorant to his brother's lack of equal enthusiasm. \"I think it is cute, Little Chef.\" Colette comforted. \"And who could blame you? Your very first creation! You should be proud.\" He smiled at her gratefully. \"Who is that?\" Alfredo asked and Colette looked up just in time to see the sleeping face of an old woman before the screen zoomed in to focus on Emile, in charge of holding the mushroom while Remy sorted through the spice rack in search of saffron. \"She was there earlier too.\" \"She must be the owner of the cottage.\" She mused and Alfredo made a noise of vague understanding as Remy nodded. \" She's gonna wake up!\" Emile warned, keeping his voice low. But Remy, winding his way among the spice bottles, shook his head and didn't pay any attention to his volume. \" Pff , I've been down here a million times. She turns on the cooking channel- boom - she never wakes up.\" \" You've been here a million times?\" Emile frowned but Remy didn't pay him any mind. \" I'm telling ya, saffron will be just the thing. Gusteau swears by it. \" Remy explains. \"That he did,\" Colette smiles. \"And with fabulous results!\" \" Okay, who's Gusteau?\" Emile asked and Remy looked only too happy to answer. \" Just the greatest chef in the world! \" He said, dropping down to the next shelf and flipping the cookbook, Gusteau's cookbook, closed so that his brother could see the picture of the man they were talking about. \" Wai wai wai wait- you… read?\" Emile asked. \" Well, not excessively .\" Remy dismissed. \"You taught yourself to read?\" Alfredo asks and Colette is inclined to agree. Reading was not always an easy task even for humans, but Remy treated the accomplishment like it was a small feat. He nodded at them but his attention didn't stray from the screen; something in his expression was fond. \" Aw man,\" Emile groaned. \" Does Dad know?\" \" Ha! You could fill a book- a lot of books, with things Dad doesn't know. \" Remy said. \" And they have! Which is why I read. Which-\" He perked to attention for a second, pointing at Emile to emphasize. \" Is also our secret .\" \"You are the older brother, non? \" Colette asks and Remy nods at her, spreading his paws as if to ask, 'how'd you guess?'. \"The way you hold yourself,\" She explains, \"And how Emile goes along with your ideas, even if they are dangerous, hmm?\" She smiles and he rolls his eyes. Suddenly the scene changed and it was Remy's father, up with the rest of the colony. \" What's taking those kids so long?\" He asked the rat next to him and Remy cocked his head at the screen. \"This is the first time we have seen something that doesn't directly involve you.\" Colette voiced what she was sure he had also picked up on. \"It seems that the perspective is not limited to just you, Little Chef.\" He nods, thoughtful. \"How old are you, Little Chef?\" Alfredo asked and Remy startled at the question. He ducked his head, bashful, and then held up three of his tiny claws. \"Three years old?\" He clarified, shocked. \"You're so young!\" \"Not for a rat, non? \" Colette explained. \"They mature much quicker than humans.\" \"Still,\" Alfredo said. \"And that would only make you… a year old when we met?\" Remy shrugged, glancing away as though to avoid facing the conversation- and Colette could understand. Even three years was so much younger than her and Alfredo. Yet it was nothing he should have been defensive about. No more than he was defensive about being a rat. \" Hey!\" the television blared as Remy jumped down from the spice rack, the saffron in hand. \" That's Gusteau! Emile, look.\" Both turned to watch Gusteau, and Remy settled, grateful, in Alfredo's hand again, focusing on the film once more. Colette sent Alfredo a meaningful glance as he opened his mouth to say something more- 'drop it.' And he nodded without much argument, shutting his mouth and pressing his lips together for good measure. \" Great cooking is not for the faint of heart.\" Gusteau explained, and Colette remembered this interview. It was from a year or two before she'd joined his kitchen, the cooking channel was rerunning an older one- but certainly one of his most inspiring talks. \" You must be imaginative, strong hearted, you must try things that cannot work. And you must not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from. \" What that must have meant to Remy, to a rat who loved to cook, struck Colette hard and fast. The shot of his face, melting from the emotions stirred by the statement, only exacerbated the point. \" Your only limit is your soul. \" Remy, the one still sitting in Alfredo's hand, looked close to tears while Alfredo's mouth hung slack in astonishment and awe. It was a strange relationship they had. One's father was the other's idol, and yet it had played no part in the formation of their friendship. At least that she knew. And meanwhile, Remy probably knew more about Alfredo's father than Alfredo himself. \" What I say is true, anyone can cook!\" Gusteau continued. \" But only the fearless can be great.\" \" Pure poetry. \" Remy sighed. \" But it was not to last. \" the narrator of Gusteau's show said. Remy's face dropped into confusion and Colette realized what was going on, and how it was sure to break their friend's heart. \"Little Chef?\" Alfredo asked as the narrator explained the details of the great chef's passing. \"Are you alright?\" The little rat shrugged his shoulders and discreetly wiped at his eyes, obviously affected by the scene but also having long come to peace with the knowledge. On-screen, however, his expression was stricken and he seemed to disregard any thoughts of secrecy he may have had as he scampered forward to stand close to the television, as though distance would change what was right before his eyes. \" Gusteau… is dead ?\" He asked, and Colette reached over to comfort him, but before she could something disastrous happened on the screen. The TV clicked off, and the old woman who owned the house stared straight at Remy with wide eyes. AN: Please review! It's not like I'm holding the next chapter hostage (not enough followers to do that, lol ; P )(I wouldn't do it anyway, I think that's unfair to the readers that do review and end up waiting for other people to step up to fill the review quota) but finding a review in my inbox is, like, physical immediate motivation. Oh, someone left a review? Guess I can spend the next hour meticulously rewatching a movie I've been over analyzing and transcribing! Just a few words is enough to give me a helpful push towards the update button ; ) ; ) ; )[Chapter 4] AN: Heh. This is a fitting chapter for me to do this on, at least. I'm afraid I have to announce that I will not be continuing this story, at least not anytime soon. It's been brought to my attention that this story is in violation of certain rules in the fanfiction . net terms of service. I don't agree with these rules, as they involve copyright on the movie and I have already admitted, by calling this fanfiction, that I have no ownership or profit from this venture. It is purely for my own enjoyment, and if others like it, great. However, I respect and appreciate this site so I'll stop posting. I'm probably going to keep writing this in private, because this is a great movie and I have grown fond of these characters. I have several other stories in progress for this fandom, not movie watching fics but canon divergent and missing scene pieces. (keep an eye out for those if you like, I guess). However, the platform does not support me in publishing this story and so I'll be keeping it to myself from now on. I can fix the problem by rewriting the dialogue so they are not quotes of the movie, but that's an awful lot of editing with a lot of general changes that I'd need to make and, frankly, my dialogue style just doesn't fit the movie as well. I'm not sure if I want to devote all that time and effort to make this into a different story than I had in mind. I might one day, but certainly not today, not this month, and probably not this year. Thank you to my followers, favers, and my single positive reviewer, I appreciate your investment in this story and am so sorry to pull it out from under you. Believe me, no one is more distressed than myself that I have to essentially abandon a story. It leaves a dirty taste in my mouth. I will not be deleting what I have posted already (this fandom is small enough as it is and I feel bad taking away what I've already given) and, since another rule is that updates cannot just be announcements, I'll give you the next chapter that I had all primed and ready to go. At least I got one of my favorite scenes into it, hmm? And past the official exposition stuff? (JK, that makes it worse since I'm leaving you all hanging right before the good stuff. Ugh, I'm horrible and I'm sorry). Wall rat, the scene where this chapter ends is a beautiful song and a gorgeous montage. Thanks for reading. Now go rewatch this movie. The thing about gunshots Alfredo tensed at the old woman's gasp, as though just her acknowledgment of Remy's presence was enough to cause problems. Which, it was. Little Chef was a rat, and that meant that everything was a danger to him, even if it took Alfredo a little while to realize that. On screen, Remy squeaked, and the rat seated in his palm startled at the sound. He turned to Alfredo and motioned to his ears with his paws, and then to Alfredo and Colette. \" Oui, \" Colette answered for him, \"that is what we hear when you speak.\" Remy didn't look pleased about that, but the matter was quickly dropped when the old woman, who he'd thought would maybe call an exterminator the next day starting the move to Paris or perhaps somewhere else first, instead, pulled a rifle from the umbrella stand . \" Run!\" Remy called to Emile, as shots fired around them, Alfredo could feel his grip tightening around Little Chef, reassuring himself that the rat was just fine through all the chaos, he'd come to Paris after all this so he must've been okay- \" Folle, \" Colette muttered, her fingers digging into the arm of the couch. \"She shoots up her own kitchen to kill two rats who haven't even taken anything?\" Remy winced with every jump and slide and near miss that he and Emile endured, but Alfredo was on the edge of his seat, gritting his teeth with a frightening force. \"What does she think she's doing?\" He asks, \"Rats are so small, they're hard to hit, aren't you hard to hit?\" He doesn't really pay attention to Remy's answer. He's not sure Remy answers at all. \" No, you'll lead them to the colony!\" Remy calls after his brother as Emile scrambles up some exposed piping towards the ceiling. The woman watches him go and hefts her rifle again. Alfredo shuts his eyes. Shots ring out, clattering, panicked cries, the music- how had he not noticed the music before?- is frantic and fluttery, it makes him anxious. In his hands, Little Chef is warm and solid but it doesn't feel like enough when every bang of the screen could just as well have been his friend- gone. \"Alfredo,\" Colette puts her hand on his shoulder but it's tense as well. He opens his eyes to look at her, but first, he sees the screen. He sees the rifle pointed straight at Emile, sees Remy's hands fly up to shield his eyes, and he shuts his own again with the determination to not open them again. The rifle clicks, empty, and Emile starts calling for Remy to help him. It sounds like a nightmare. \" Emile, start swinging the lights- \" And then Little Chef's voice devolves into the squeaking he's so accustomed to. Colette's hand on his shoulder is lighter now, and she rubs brusque circles there, showing that she is with him. Little Chef in his hands puts his paws on his thumb and presses, trying to reassure him. Why is he so anxious when it's Remy that was in danger. He's over it. Some part of his brain says. This happened some time ago, and he knows exactly how it ends. You don't. But you asked to, remember? And he had. So with the resolution to watch whatever the universe had decided he should see, he opened his eyes, just as Remy and Emile scrambled to the top of the chandelier and the barrel of the gun was raised once more. A powerful shot, smoke, his hands clenched involuntarily. \" Oh. \" the woman grunted with disappointment as no corpses fell down from the ceiling. What did fall was dust, and cracks that spread through the drywall. She stared upward with dawning horror as she realized that she'd jeopardized the stability of her own home. \"Serves her right.\" Colette sniffed. With a tremendous crash, seemingly the entire ceiling fell into the kitchen, and seated on every inch of debris were rats. Hundreds of rats, perhaps over a thousand. Squeaking and chirping to each other and turning to look at the old woman that had been harboring them unknowingly. Said woman dropped her gun with a gasp, stunned, and then turned, running from the room with a frantic wail. \" Everyone, evacuate! \" Remy's father bellowed and the clan moved as one, rats streaming across the floor, along the counters, across everything. In the midst of it all a flash of blue, Remy was running too- but suddenly he stood up. \" The book! \" He gasped and turned, fighting against the tide to reach Gusteau's cookbook, still settled neatly on the counter, untouched by the chaos. \"The book!?\" Colette demanded. \"She came after you with a gun and you are worried about a cookbook which there are thousands of copies of?\" Remy shrugged in his palm, sheepish, but that had been where his priorities were at the time, and Alfredo could relate. He may not have known his father, but Gusteau was the kind of man that inspired, and he'd been a source of light for Remy. He couldn't blame his friend for wanting to cling to that. On screen, Remy had reached the book and was pushing it to the window when the woman reappeared, this time outfitted with a gas mask and menacing spray nozzle. Remy whimpered and Alfredo echoed it helplessly, stroking his friend's fur with shaking fingers. Only the humans were watching now, Remy wasn't even bothering to look towards the screen, just patting Alfredo's hand and looking up at him with worried eyes. \" Mon Dieu ,\" Colette muttered. \"This woman, for not noticing her house was infested, is very prepared!\" Remy squeaked at her angrily and after a quick run through of her sentence, her face colored. \" Pardon, for not noticing her house was your colony's home.\" The window shattered as Remy jumped through it, the cookbook held over his head. Greenish gas, pesticide, trailed after him but he didn't slow enough to let it reach him. The rats raced through the grass, each seeming to know exactly what to do as leaves were moved to uncover ramshackle rafts made of old junk. It seemed that the colony had been ready to mobilize. Everyone boarded and they were on their way without too much difficulty- except Remy who lagged behind with his book. \" Is everybody here? Do we have everybody ?\" Remy's father was counting the rats in his boat and realized suddenly who was missing- \" Where's Remy ?\" He turned back to the shore, eyes blown wide with the panic of a parent looking for his son, and Alfredo's heart ached. They argued a lot, but they obviously cared a lot for each other. \" Right here! I'm coming!\" Remy was running and, having reached the stream, tossed the book into the water and started paddling. \" I'm coming!\" \" Hold on, son!\" the patriarch called, \" Give him something to grab on to!\" he ordered, and then back to encouraging, \" Come on, paddle, son- reach for it!\" And he did, Remy reached, and Alfredo relaxed at the hope that that could be it. And then he jumped as a shot ripped through the air, striking the spatula held between the two rafts, and Remy and his family were forced apart all over again. \"She's still after you?\" Colette asked through grit teeth. \"Tell me where this is and I will make her sorry for all of this!\" \" Dad! \" Remy called as their boat was pulled into the drains by the current. Alfredo flinched at the desperation in his tone. He'd lost his family once, under much less dangerous circumstances but he'd still come to be without one. It was painful, no matter how it happened. \" Come on, you can make it! \" His father called, determined to encourage. Remy snatched up the abandoned spatula, but before he could begin to use it another shot rang out, and pierced right through it, adding even more holes to the already inefficient paddle. Still, Remy plunged it into the water. Luckily, with the help of the current, he escaped into the tunnel before the old woman could get another shot in. \"Oh, thank you…\" Alfredo moaned, sinking back into the couch. From here his friend should be fine. Catch up to the boats, come to Paris, come across Gusteau's… \" Guys wait! Stop!\" Remy yelled down the tunnel, breathing hard as he paddled for all he was worth. \" Hold up! Wait for me! \" The voices of the colony, especially his dad, echoed down the tunnel, encouragement and concern- but very suddenly they cut off into distant screams and Remy slowed in his paddling. \" Dad? \" Alfredo sat up again, suddenly on edge. \" Dad? \" He called again, wincing as his raft passed underneath a dripping drain. Out of the gloom rose two tunnels and, after a moment of deliberation, he paddled his raft towards the one on the left. He'd not gone further than a few feet down this path though that his eyes widened and he turned around, trying to paddle against a strengthening current. \"Are you kidding?\" Alfredo cried, gasping as Remy was thrown, yelling, over the edge of a waterfall, losing the book, his paddle, and any sense of composure or safety. \"Little Chef!\" He cried as the small form was tumbled and catapulted about underwater. They were rapids, violently churning waters that tossed the rat around like a leaf in the wind. \" Mon dieu .\" Colette whispered again, hands clenched tight in the fabric of her shirt. \"Through all this you went?\" In his half-clenched hands, Remy nodded, expression mournful, but resigned. When the waters allowed him to surface once more there was a glimpse of the book, also swept along this way, and then they swallowed him again, the roar of rushing water enveloping everything as the rat was twisted and thrown through the tunnels. Finally, there was just enough calm for Remy to swim for his raft, and reaching it offered some solace as he clung to it through the remainder of the rapids. Splayed out on the book, feet wide to keep his balance, he looked hopeless. Rung out and half drowned and alone. Even with the water now calm all he seemed to have the energy to do was drop his head onto the book and shut his eyes. \"Remy…\" Colette murmured, and though the name was still new to them it held every ounce of sorrowful familiarity. She reached over to him and slipped her finger along his back, rubbing his head. The rat soaked up the comfort, all without straying his attention from Alfredo. \"Why… Why are you looking at me like that?\" he stuttered and Remy's expression fell flat. \"Because he is worried about you, mon cher .\" Colette explained. \"You're quite pale.\" \"What, me? \" He exclaimed. \"He's the one that just got shot at! Almost gassed , nearly drowned .\" \"Yes but it's over now.\" She comforted. \"He is well, with us and safe, non? \" In his hands, Little Chef nodded eagerly. Alfredo forced some of the tension out of his hands and brushed his thumb through Remy's fur. \"Yeah.\" He said, still uncertain. \"Yeah…\" \" I waited… for a sound. \" They all looked up, startled. The film had continued without their attention, and Remy seemed to have drifted to a small patch of concrete, part of a workman's tunnel, perhaps. Narrating now, Remy's voice continued as on screen the small rat spent his time curled in the smallest corner he could find, drinking water by the drop from a leaky pipe and turning with ginger paws the soaked pages of the cookbook. \" A voice… A sign… Something.\" Another page turned and the image of the food, delicate and high quality, was enough to make Remy's stomach grumble. He turned away from it with remorse, and instead focused on a drawing of Gusteau, smelling a cake with his five stars glittering beneath him. \"How long were you down there-\" Colette began but cut herself off with a gasp as Gusteau's picture moved. \" If you are hungry, go up and look around, Remy.\" the chef encouraged and Remy let out a surprised squeak, finally diverting his attention from Alfredo to cover his face and shake his head in what Alfredo could surmise was an approximation of \"oh, no no no no no.\" On-screen, Remy peeked underneath the page, as though it was something else speaking and moving the picture. But, of course, it was just another page of text after that. \" Why do you wait and mope? \" Gusteau continued, unbothered by Remy's apparent suspicion. \" Well,\" He sighed, threading his fingers together and dropping his head even lower with remorse, \" I just lost my family. All of my friends. Probably forever.\" His voice held none of the snark or energy Alfredo had come to associate with it in the so far short duration of the film. Remy had always seemed before to be passionate about something, an argument, a spice, a smell, an idea, but now he seemed flat and despondent. \" How do you know? \" Gusteau probed. \" Well, I, pff,\" He laughed at himself and then glared at Gusteau. \" You, are an illustration, why am I talking to you?\" He turned away, arms crossed and expression resolute. \" Ah, you just lost your family! All your friends! You are, lonely, no?\" \" Haha, yeah! Well,\" Remy glared at the picture, spiteful. \" You're dead. \" \" Ahh, but that is no match for wishful thinking!\" Gusteau raised his hand in encouragement. \" If you focus on what you left behind, you will never be able to see what lies ahead!\" Remy seemed to consider that, but Gusteau wasn't done. \" Now go up! And look around!\" Remy glanced up at the pipes that he could climb to reach the surface, then back to the picture. Gusteau was still again, nothing but a flat illustration, but the idea had been planted, and Remy's expression hardened with determination. \"There is nothing wrong with imagining yourself company, Little Chef.\" Colette excused, voice soft. Remy waved a paw at her in dismissal and her tone hardened. \"Truly, this is a difficult time for you, whatever you can find comfort in is more than excusable.\" Remy unburied his head to make more gestures but Alfredo couldn't decipher them and, from the confused expression on her face, neither could Colette. Finally, he just waved his paws about in an approximation of \"I give up,\" and waved at the screen like \"you'll see.\" For now, all they were seeing was Remy climbing his way up the pipes, and into the space between walls- it was strange to see the view of moving through such small areas which would normally be completely inaccessible to him or Colette, but Little Chef, of course, looked perfectly comfortable as he followed his nose out onto a kitchen counter. He moved cautiously, but was caught up in whatever he was smelling, carefully scenting the air until- \" Ohhoho! \" He smiled and jumped onto a cutting board where half a baguette lay. There was a perfectly rat sized chunk sitting right there for him and he picked it up looking like he was about to be in heaven- until a cork popped free of a wine bottle in the next room over and cheers went up. Remy crouched low as though to hide himself and glared out at the crowd, a party in the next room, accusing and suspicious. Not taking his eyes off of them he moved the bread closer to his mouth and was about to take a bite when- \" What are you doing? \" He looked at the chunk and let out a cry of surprise when it appeared that he was holding Gusteau's head, which was frowning at him in disappointment. \" Ughhh ,\" He groaned, at first relieved that the interruption was just his own imagination and then annoyed at the intervention of what Alfredo was beginning to realize was an approximation of his conscience, or something like it- encouraging him to pursue things when he wouldn't acknowledge them himself. \" I'm hungry!\" He snaps and from the tone of voice Alfredo can really tell- Remy is really hungry. None of them knew how long he was in that sewer for but for sure he was due for a meal. \" I don't know where I am and I don't know when I'll find food again.\" \" Remy, \" Gusteau crooned. \" You are better than that! You are a cook! \" Colette made a sound of agreement off to the side and in his hands, Remy flinched. \" A cook makes- a thief takes. You are not a thief. \" \"Hold on- you told yourself not to eat?\" Alfredo blurted out. \"I agree, Remy. There is a line between thievery and necessity.\" Colette glared at him. \"You are a cook, but that does not mean you don't have the right to take food when you need it. No one would have missed a piece of bread that small.\" \"You're not being fair to yourself,\" Alfredo said, steadfast as Remy looked up at him, astonished. \"I don't like stealing, but you deserved that much! You could've been in trouble if you didn't find anything later.\" He paused and a horrible thought came to mind. \"You did find food later, right?\" \" Food always comes to those who love to cook .\" Gusteau said on screen as he disappeared into the bread crumb and Remy waved vaguely at the image, like, 'yeah, what Gusteau said. I got something, eventually.' With a sigh, Remy set the chunk of bread back on the cutting board, cast another glance back at the party, and then dove back into the smaller than crawl space between the walls. The myriad of scenes he passed were eclectic but telling of where he was. A painter with a mostly finished image of a naked woman, a lover's quarrel, with a wide gunshot that almost hit the rat hidden in the walls but which ended with a passionate kiss. A dog chased Remy back into the walls, a mousetrap was gingerly skirted around. Emerging onto the roof the iron grating and winding vines made the perfect footholds as the rat scampered up the side of the building, leaping from pipes and chimneys to balconies and vines and then back again. Colette breathed a sigh beside him and he was inclined to agree. This was his world, their Little Chef's world. He was privy to a piece of everything that happened, he had an in to every room in Paris, and the means to get wherever he pleased. It was all much more dangerous than it would have been for either of them, but this easy movement was something they could never claim. The certainty to his movements as he leaped and climbed and made his way to the roof, led by his nose and his instincts. And on the roof… Paris. There it was, as though it had been waiting for him all his life, laid out like a postcard. It was a breathtaking view, and suddenly Alfredo had a far better understanding as to why his friend was so attached to windows with a view of the Eiffel tower. He loved Paris, with every ounce of his small body he loved this city, you could see it in his face as his eyes gleamed with understanding. \" Paris. \" He said, astounded, \" All this time, \" And then a grin, a half laugh to his words, \" I've been underneath Paris?\" His voice was awestruck as he took in the view, amazed at his own shortsightedness but also, good fortune. \" Wow, \" He breathed. \" It's… beautiful. \" \" The most beautiful ,\" Gusteau's sighed in agreement, and both he and Colette gasped as the frame swiveled to include the familiar sign that stood on the roof of Gusteau's. Somehow, by some miraculous coincidence, Remy had not only been beneath Paris but also almost directly beneath the restaurant which had housed the very chef that inspired him. \"What are the odds of that?\" Alfredo whispered but Colette shook her head. \"Those are not odds, mon cheri. That is Fate herself.\" AN: Reviews are cool, have a nice day. ","Summary":" AN: Spontaneous fic posting at it's finest. Wrote this on a whim in September and, after a couple e"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Carrie: A Comedy","Author":"WrongorWrite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13046410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Due to a life of being bullied and ostracized by almost everyone that she's come into contact with during her short life, Carrie White has developed a 'cold' exterior that she has no problem showing to the world. She flat out doesn't like people and this is my take on how the 2013 remake would've played out. Gym class is Carrie's least favorite time of day, but she copes by just staying to herself and trying to stay positive through this irritating process. The jocks brush by her and the girls say mean things about her behind her back. She can see them pointing at her and laughing…they have no idea what she's capable of and that she's doing them a favor by sparing their lives. Mrs. Desjardin blows her whistle almost directly in Carrie's ear and yells \"Pool time!\" Carrie's ears are ringing and she swears she'll go deaf as a result. She takes a deep breath and says, \"Mrs. Desjardin, can you please be more considerate the next time and blow the whistle away from everyone? Of course that's asking for too much, right?\" Mrs. Desjardin gives Carrie an irritated glare. \"In the pool White, now!\" Chris Hargenson and Sue Snell are close to the net while Carrie decided to stay as far away from the action as she could get. Chris and Sue are both beautiful and popular, everything that Carrie despises in people but she's chosen to coexist…for now. The other team hits the ball and it lands near Carrie. \" Damn\". Carrie says to herself, hoping that one of these jackasses will get the ball and toss it in play. \"Come on, lets get Carrie into the game, you can't stand on the sidelines all of the time\", Mrs. Desjardin barks. Now Mrs. Desjardin was officially numero uno on Carrie's shit list. Carrie picks up the ball amidst the moral support by Chris to 'do it', 'serve it', which Carrie didn't need or want any moral support by the way, and purposely decides to 'serve it' right into the back of Sue Snell's blonde head. The girls thought it was funny and Sue takes it well for the most part, but the hilarity ends when Chris tells Carrie \"You eat shit\", and tosses the ball back at her. Carrie's beginning to think that the loud whistle blow has in fact affected her hearing because Chris wouldn't dare say anything so disrespectful like that to her. Chris was known to be a jokester to her friends, but Carrie isn't one of her friends. \"What do I eat bitch?\" Carrie emphatically says to Chris, who is surprised by the tone of Carrie's voice. \"Chill out White, I was just fucking with you.\" Carrie gets directly in Chris's face. \"Say it again…I dare you.\" Mrs. Desjardin blows her whistle. \"Ladies, separate, now!\" Sue leads Chris out of the pool, while Carrie cracks a sinister smile at her. Once in the shower, Carrie feels it's time to decompress for a little bit. The warm water and soap running down her skin relaxes her, soothes her. Suddenly she sees…blood? It's all over her hands and she drops the soap in utter terror. She begins to panic, reaching out for help and she gets it, though not the kind that she wanted. Even though they had a minor exchange of words just minutes earlier, Chris recognizes Carrie is having her period and offers words of advice. \"Plug it up\", Chris tells her. Carrie refuses to listen, thinking that she's dying and continues to flip out. Seeing that Carrie is in distress and lacking tampons, the girls begin tossing them individually at her, making sure that she has plenty for the next time around but Carrie still can't control herself. Mrs. Desjardin finally arrives from wherever she was at and instead of counseling Carrie like a good teacher would, she physically assaults her with a hard smack across the face. The teen calms down but simultaneously wants to ground her gym teacher and classmates into bacon bits but, there's another time for that. The ride home from school is quiet between Carrie and her mother Margaret, who many consider a crazy religious zealot, emphasis on crazy. \"Mom, why didn't you tell me? They all laughed at me and threw things at me, you know until today the only period I ever heard of was the one you put at the end of a sentence.\" Margaret parks the car in front of their small light blue house. \"We'll talk about it inside Carrie.\" Margaret begins to walk in the house. \"Nah, I don't want to go inside with you.\" Margaret gives her a sad look and goes inside. Carrie shrugs her shoulders and reaches into her pocket, pulling out a doobie. She lights it and takes a hit…ah, euphoria. Out of nowhere some punk kid attempts to ruin her high by hitting the car window and saying \"Crazy Carrie, Crazy Carrie!\" Showtime, with a small twitch of her head the little punk flies off of his bike and lands on the grass. He limps towards his bike. \"Next time I'll break your leg you little punk!\" Carrie yells, the boy riding away as he almost pisses himself. Once Carrie finishes smoking she goes into the house, on her own terms. She hears a thud coming from upstairs and goes to investigate. Margaret is bumping her head hard against the wall, attempting to get Carrie's sympathy. Carrie smiles widely and sits down on the floor. \"You should've told me you were putting on a show mom; I would've made some popcorn.\" Margaret stops and stares at Carrie. She begins to rattle off some nonsense that Carrie doesn't understand or is not even in the bible. \"You showered with those other girls, you had lust filled thoughts.\" Carrie nods. \"Hell yeah I did, don't fight the flesh mom.\" Mom hits her in the face with the bible for sassing her and they continue the argument downstairs. Margaret opens the closet door. \"Go in to your closet.\" Carrie's eyes widen in surprise. She's going to make her go in to a closet? \"Hold the phone Margaret, I have the powers and you have…\" Margaret doesn't answer. \"Exactly so that means I'm in charge here and I'm not going in or coming out of any closet but you are.\" Carrie simply points at Margaret, who goes flying into the closet. Carrie swipes her hand to the left, closing the door and locking it. She stretches her arms in the air. \"Freedom!\" Margaret is banging on the closet door. \"Oh stop it, you'll be fine, I've been in there before. Guess what mother, I'm going out on the town, by myself and I'll be back whenever. Until then, I'm blasting the rap channel because we all need variety in our lives, happy listening.\" Carrie clicks on the TV to the rap channel and makes the volume go to ear splitting levels before leaving the house. Driving down the street, Carrie takes in the sights of the city. It's not filled huge towers or historic landmarks but the simplicity is enough for her. Besides, Carrie didn't need those types of things to have fun, what she had in mind will definitely suffice. She parks the car down the street from none other than Chris Hargenson's house and waits. The lights are on so someone is probably is home, which makes this all the better. Carrie grins as a car is coming down the street. She clinches her fist and the car comes to an abrupt halt. She motions her fist towards the direction of Chris's house and the car begins to slowly move in that direction. She opens her fist, sending the car crashing into the house, destroying a huge part of the front exterior. \"Yes!\" Carrie drives away from the house in a euphoric mood. The next day an exhausted Chris has to endure Mrs. Desjardin chewing them out over their 'mistreatment' of Carrie, she even cursed at them. She threatened them with the notion that if they didn't complete suicides that they would be banned from prom. Chris tries to explain that her family had to move to a hotel due to the accident last night and how she dragged herself to school on two hours sleep but Mrs. Desjardin doesn't care. She makes them do the suicide drills. What happens next is one of the reasons that the teachers didn't care for Chris too much and she was deemed a 'problem kid' because she asked why, this case was no different. Since Chris was clearly the most intelligent student in the school and had the highest GPA at a whopping 2.5, she decides to challenge Mrs. Desjardin's word and informs the rest of the sheep…I mean kids, that she couldn't just ban them from prom; she was the freaking gym teacher! \"Tina, you have a heart condition!\" Chris did her best to plead with the other students why they shouldn't be doing this and ban together, but they were so afraid of Mrs. Desjardin's tyranny that they folded and did as they were told. True, Chris did use foul language towards the teacher, but what kind of mood would you be in if someone crashed into your house?[Chapter 2] Later on that day Carrie is sitting in the cafeteria reading a book about telekinesis in an attempt to enhance her powers of destruction when Tommy Ross approaches her. \"Hey Carrie.\" He sits down across from her with a creepy smile. She doesn't know why he's there and doesn't care, she just wants him gone. Without asking he picks up Carrie's book. \"Telekinesis?\" Annoyed, Carrie snatches it from him. \"No, no, no, is that like hypnosis? We actually tried that and we hypnotized my boys' dog.\" Tommy laughs while Carrie can only look at him like he's an idiot. \"Um, Tommy is it? Yeah, I'm going to have to ask you to leave because I was busy doing something.\" \"Oh, ok but first you know prom is next week.\" \"Really? I thought it was next month.\" Carrie says sarcastically. \"Nope, next week. Anyway I was wondering would you like to go with me.\" Carrie is caught off guard by the request. \"What?\" \"Prom bitch, next week.\" \"Aren't you with Sue Snell?\" \"I'm not with anyone, see I'm something like a pimp so I got plenty of bitches in the stable ya heard?\" \"Yeah, I think I'm going to pass guy.\" \"Oh come on baby, you'll get to see why they call me ten inch Tommy.\" \"Hah, more like two inch Tommy. I'm out and if you so much as look in my direction again I'll kill you.\" Carrie leaves the cafeteria. Who in the hell did he think he was? Carrie had no issues with any jerks the rest of the day until that is she was walking home. To her horror Tommy Ross steps out of his car and begins to walk towards her house. \"Really?\" She jogs towards him. \"What in the hell are you doing here?\" \"About the prom, you kind of left me hanging.\" \"Um, no I didn't. I said no. Why don't you go with Sue?\" \"Ah, she doesn't want to go and besides, you have more junk in the trunk than her and I kind of wanted to clean it out for you if you know what I mean.\" \"Ew, look dude, I'm going to crush you like a bug if you don't get out of here.\" \"Ok, ok, you're going to force me to pull it out and show you what I'm working with.\" Tommy unzips his pants. \"Damn it, alright I'll go. Can you just go home now?\" \"I get you, you want to wait to see the monster behind closed doors, that'll work.\" \"Whatever, just prepare to spend a lot of money because I have real expensive tastes.\" Tommy hears the music playing from the house and an odd expression crosses his face. \"Are you playing Tupac in there?\" After finally getting rid of Tommy, Carrie goes into the house and turns off the music, which indeed was Tupac. She walks up to the closet door. \"Hey mom, I'm back. Listen, I got invited to prom! His name is Tommy, he has a girlfriend and he claims he has many more. He's not a nice guy but whatever, I just want to win prom queen and shove it in the face of the bitches that laugh at me all of the time. So, with that, I'll be using your credit card to buy some whore dresses because I plan to have sex with him so I have to look the part. Thanks mom, love ya.\" Meanwhile Chris, Billy and his friends pull up to a pig farm. Billy pops his trunk and begins to take out some tools. Chris is looking uneasy about the whole situation. \"What are we doing, and what does this have to do with Carrie White?\" Billy is exasperated by the question. \"First of all, why does everyone keep saying her first and last name, she's the only Carrie in the whole damn school, geez! Second, you said you wanted us to do something about it, and third, neither I, you or my friends have any semblance of a fucking life so there ya go!\" Just to get out of the situation Chris picks out a pig for Billy to blast with a sledgehammer and afterwards forces Chris to slash it open. Chris felt that if she didn't follow Billy's orders that she'd end up like the pig. The day after the great pig massacre Sue is in the gymnasium setting up for the prom, the one that she's not going to by the way, when suddenly her stomach begins to rumble. She sprints to the bathroom faster than Usain Bolt and hurls in the toilet. Must've been that Mexican food her mother made last night, her mother isn't a good cook. Of course Carrie is aloof to the potential disaster about to hit her, she's too busy strutting her whore dress in front of her mother, who she has finally let out of the closet. Her mother stares at her with pure disgust until Carrie catches her, then she promptly loses eye contact. \"Fix your face mother.\" \"Sorry Carrie.\" Across town Tina, Heather, Nicki and Lizzy are getting are doled up for the prom. Of course girls love to gossip so they discuss how their former friend Sue isn't looking like America's top model nowadays. \"Did you guys see Sue today?\" \"Yeah, I told you she was a meth head.\" Tommy and his boys however are pissing off everyone in the department store by trying on every suit imaginable. He's all about the bright colors but couldn't find anything to his liking in this store, but he did find a pair of gold shoes that's somewhat pimp like so he went with that and a white tux. Carrie is checking out herself one last time when annoying mom walks in. \"I can see your dirty pillows, everyone can.\" Carrie smiles widely. \"Thanks mom! That's the nicest thing you said to me in years.\" Tommy knocks on the door. \"Ok mom, it's showtime so I'm out.\" \"I'm going to tell him everything, about how your father took me and…\" Carrie uses her powers to put her mother back in the closet. \"Shut…up.\" Carrie walks outside to find Tommy on her front porch looking sharply dressed. \"Hey, do I look ok?\" Tommy checks her over and nods. \"You're a solid six, got on way too much makeup bitch you look like a mime.\" \"Whatever, what three year old picked out the colors for your suit.\" They arrive at the prom in Tommy's pimped out limo when he notices something wrong. \"Are you fucking serious?\" He snatches Carrie's corsage off. \"This shit goes on your wrist girl.\" He slips it on her wrist. \"Look, just shut the fuck up when we get in there and don't do anything to embarrass me alright.\" They enter the prom and everything is going well. Carrie successfully spikes the punch and even does a drunken dance with Tommy, even falling on the floor a few times. Finally it's time to announce the prom king and queen. \"Tommy Ross and Carrie White\" Carrie rushes to the stage and snatches the flower from the presenter. She blows kisses to the crowd. \"Thank you, thank you! This definitely proves that I'm better than all of you\" Tommy shakes his head and joins her on stage. \"You ego trippin' straight up\". Carrie continues to celebrate when all of a sudden….pigs blood is dropped on her from up above. She slowly looks up to see the comedienne Chris laughing hysterically. \"Gotcha\"! Chris cackles. She runs down and gets close to Carrie. \"Come on, come on, that was the funniest shit that happened tonight Carrie, you got to admit it.\" Carrie puts on a fake smile and adds a laugh to it. \"Oh yeah, you're…you're a funny chick Chris, always bringing the chuckles.\" \"Glad you took it so well, a lot of poor sports around here. Hey, congrats on getting prom queen, you deserve it\". Chris skips away from Carrie and Tommy while joining the crowd in roaring laughter. Carrie slams the flowers down and looks at Tommy. \"Damn girl that's fucked up, you look like the hunt for red October and shit\". Carrie is ultra pissed now. With just the flick of her wrist and sudden motions of her hands she turns the gym into complete chaos, starting a raging fire and killing everyone in sight. Sue is looking at all of this from outside of the locked gym doors. \"Fuck that, I didn't see a damn thing.\" She takes off running as fast as she can. After committing mass murder of virtually everyone at her school Carrie stops by the BK on the way home to grab a double whopper and some fries, tops it off with some coke from the dealer who works at the drive through, and takes her merry ass home. She enters her house and is immediately met by her mother pointing a gun at her. \"You're covered in blood, what happened to you.\" Carrie shrugs her shoulders. \"Mom you were right and…I had to merk everyone in that piece.\" \"Carrie, please stop talking like you're hard, you cried watching The Notebook for Christ's sake.\" Carrie frowns. \"Because I'm the realest bitch out here mom, remember that.\" They hear the sound of police sirens in the distance. Margaret nudges Carrie. \"5-0 is coming, you better bounce on up outta here.\" Carrie smiles at her mom and hugs her. \"You're not so bad after all, thanks mom.\" Carrie bolts towards the door and escapes into the night. Margaret confronts the cops with her glock and goes out in a blaze of glory. ","Summary":" Due to a life of being bullied and ostracized by almost everyone that she's come into contact with "},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Carrie Second generation","Author":"AwesomeGirl909","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11408437","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! This is my first Carrie fanfic. This story happens a little less than a year after the events of the Prom(2013 version) Special thanks to iamgoku for helping me out with this story a bit(he also has a Carrie fic) anyways let us begin. The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain. -unknown Every step took energy and effort until she felt exhausted and collapsed in a fetal position. Then it dawned on her. They were running away from her. She was the monster. Rose awake with a start. Her heart drummed loudly In her ears. It was that dream again. That was the third time this week she'd dreamed that. Every time she dreamed more of the dream would be added on. \"Dream? More like a nightmare,\" Rose muttered to herself. She blinked her eyes repeatedly in order to get adjusted to the newfound darkness. She was still in the car. They were still driving. Endless amounts of driving. Rose rubbed her eyes which earned her a slap in the back of her head. Rose glared in the darkness at her mother in the drivers seat. \"Stay awake you stupid girl. You need to give me directions,\" Theresa White snapped to Rose in her thick raspy voice. Her voice had a slight slur to the end due to the alcohol she'd consumed when they took a break from driving. ' Great, now we're both going to die in a fiery car crash ,' Rose thought to herself with a frown. Theresa tossed Rose the map,\"Read me the directions Rosalie.\" Rose huffed,\"I can't! It's midnight! I can't see a freakin thing.\" She was exhausted. Even sleep didn't come easy for her with the nightmares plaguing her. Theresa took her eyes off the rode for a moment in order to struck her daughter for back talking, but Rose interrupted her. \"Look! There's a sign! Welcome to Chamberlain Main. See? We're here,\" Rose quickly pointed it out. Still wincing from the expected blow that never came. Time skip Rose pushed open the front door with her hip whilst holding a rather large box. The blonde grunted as she awkwardly tried to maneuver herself and the box inside the house. \"Thanks mom,\" Rose muttered to herself and to her mother who was asleep in the car. Finally Rose stumbled in the house with the box. \"Only about a thirty more boxes to go,\" Rose grumbled and stretched her back. Only so many boxes had able to fit her mother's car. The moving van had just arrived bringing with them the furniture and miscellaneous boxes. Of course no one had actually labeled the boxes. Rose was pretty sure that the worn out, smelly, old couch didn't count as furniture though. \"Box one down..check.\" Rose went back out to get the other 30 boxes and furniture. \"Done. Finally done.\" Rose stretched her aching back and looked around the newly furnished house. Time skip In 4 hours she had accomplished putting all the silverware in the kitchen along with other decorations. Setting up the table and chairs, setting the couch in the living room(even though she dragged it) the moving men had helped set up the old tv, Rose had dusted a bit due to the dust gorillas(that were too big to be called dust bunnies) All was left was the upstairs rooms which Rose figured could be done in the morning. Theresa White snored loudly on the couch with the old tv blaring loudly. Theresa held one burnt cigarette in one hand and a close to empty beer bottle in the other. 'Well some things never change...the only thing that changed was the house ,' Rose thought disgustedly as she trudged up the steps. The house was actually quite spacious. It had been newly built so no one had lived it in yet so that was a plus. Rose visibly winced as the floorboards creaked loudly. Last thing she needed was to wake up her mother. Rose stifled a yawn as she finally arrived at her room and plopped a box down on the floor. The Movers had already brought her bed up along with her dresser. Which was so chipped it looked like a beaver had started gnawing at it. Rose made quick work of putting her clothes away, setting up her bed, setting up lamps and books on the dresser near the window, and placing a small, fuzzy, purple rug near her bed. Rose collapsed on her bed exhausted. It was three in the morning and still close to pitch dark out. Unfortunately she'd have to get up for school soon Ah screw it Suddenly an audible creak seemed to echo throughout her room. Like someone was walking through the hallway right outside her door. Rose bolted up right,\"Mom?\" No reply. Rose shrugged it off. After all it was a very creaky house. If you even placed a toe on the floor it started creaking. Rose sleepily stumbled to her dresser and changed into a grey tank top and shorts. Rose twisted her golden hair in a quick braid before jumping in bed and snuggling under the covers. She was too tired to notice that her stomach was growling loudly. And she was too tired to notice that someone was watching her. A/N That was the first chapter! What did you think? Btw I'm not sure if this was realized or not(probably not) but Carries house was rebuilt and Rose lives in that house(it looks exactly the same though) structure wise anyways. And it looks the same inside(with different furniture) Also Rose looks like Elle fanning just so you know. Carrie facts: My favorite Carrie movie hands down is the 2013 version Chloe mortez is one of my favorite actresses Telekinesis is my top power[Chapter 2] IM NOT DEAD. I have been through a lot this year and have been struggling with a lot of things, but I'm better now :) also if you like fandoms you should check out my fandom Instagram: agentsofsassandslay I WILL continue these stories VERY soon, I have been writing. I'm sorry. I don't know if anyone will even read these, but thank you if you do ~ awesomegirl ","Summary":" Hey guys! This is my first Carrie fanfic. This story happens a little less than a year after the ev"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"CARRIE: Atonement 2-Fireheart","Author":"scottsman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13070876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CARRIE: Atonement 2 Fire Heart Chapter 1 2100 hours, Somewhere in the Sierra Nevada Mountains: A team of Commandos armed with assault rifles and other standard military gear made their way silently through a dense wooded area. \"Lt. Wilkes,\" said a voice in the ear piece of the lead officer, \"do you have eyes on target yet?! \"Negative!\" Replied the Soldier in a whisper, \"Thermal scans indicate that the prime target is not too far ahead, Sir!\" the soldier replied \"Sir,\" said the soldier wearing the infrared camera, \" The target just disappeared from my thermal imaging screen!\" \"What?!\" said Lt. Wilkes, \"check your equipment again!\" while the soldier hurried to comply with the order, behind the men's position, a small human shaped shadow could be seen emerging from the flowing waters of a nearby creek. Just after the little shadow stepped onto the shore there was a fierce hissing sound as the top layer of water from the creek flashed into steam. The Commandos found themselves enveloped in the steam and it was like walking through a hot fog bank, they couldn't see anything. They were trying to get their bearings and adapt to this change of events. When all of a sudden, their guns started exploding from the inside out. Then a fire ignited it shot around them in a ring like it was living thing and they found themselves surrounded! they tried to get out of this ring of fire but, in every direction that they turned the fire intensified in size and heat! Finally, just as it seemed the men were lost in this most horrific trap, bright lights came on from a nearby collection of jeeps, revealing that they were actually in a small clearing. A tall man in a fancy uniform turned to the small shadow. Who had been standing back in the shadows of the trees. \"That's enough,\" he said. The fire was gone instantly. The little shadowy form stepped into the light as the water that was dripping off it converted into to steam and vaporized leaving the little form, now revealed by the light to be a nine-year-old girl completely dry! The girl had closely cropped strawberry blonde hair and brown eyes. \"General Pike,\" said a Soldier in a lab coat who was standing next to the General, \"Her improvement is extraordinary!\" she beat her last time in defeating that commando unit!\" \"Excellent!\" said the General looking extremely pleased, \"Our little project is going far better than I dared dream!\" Just then the general's aide, Corporal Farkas came running up. He was a skinny clumsy looking guy in his mid-twenties with stringy blonde hair. In one hand he carried a clip board for the general and in the other an assault rifle that he picked up. \"General Pike, Sir,\" he said in a nasally voice, \"I was listening to the scanner, the forest service is headed this way. somebody reported seeing the fire!\" The general swore under his breath, \"Alright,\" he said, \"No time for anymore tests right now everybody pack up we're leaving!\" As the General turned to continue his conversation with his head scientist, everybody began packing up things as fast as they could. Except for the girl, she just stood there in front of the Generals truck. Farkas ran over and started picking the remnants of several of the weapons that had been destroyed. He found a pistol that had been dropped, the grip was warped slightly from the heat, and as he picked it up, then gun went off. The bullet grazed the girl's shoulder causing her to cry out. The first sound she had made since her appearance in the clearing. Rage flashed in her eyes. Fear grew in Farkas's eyes. He could already feel the heat around him intensifying. \"No, No,\" he cried backing away from her, \"I'm sorry, it was an accident!\" A split second the air around him exploded in a blindingly bright fire ball that blew him backwards into a smoldering heap! Another soldier put him out completely with a fire extinguisher, and they carried him to the medical unit. The general just shrugged. \"She's getting better at controlling her temper!\" he said, \"this one's alive!\" ######## Atwater, Florida the next day: A tall athletic woman with dark hair walked toward the Phoenix investigations office! In her hand was a newspaper article about how a Jace Pierson and his unnamed partner had foiled a smuggling operation. Four Men had been busted trying to smuggle stolen jewels out of the country! But they had been ambushed and the dock. Their getaway boat was sunk, and they were found tied up on the dock and raving about this Pierson guy and his partner making things happen with their eyes. The police had dismissed these ravings as nothing more than these guys trying to set up and temporary insanity plea. This woman, however, wasn't like the police. In fact, she believed in psionic powers. She walked into the Detective agency and found her way into the office. Jace was sitting at his desk cleaning the junk mail out of his inbox. He looked up when the lady walked in. \"Are You Jace Pierson?\" She asked He nodded, \"Yes I am,\" he said, motioning her to a chair, \"What can I do for you?!\" \"Well,\" she said Sitting down, \"I'm here because of something my sister showed me.\" She pulled out a cell phone and handed it to Jace. He took it and found that here was a video loaded and ready to play. It showed a lady, that Jace assumed was her sister, tutoring a strawberry blond girl of about nine years old! the young girl seemed to get frustrated by the trouble she was having with the math problem she was working on. Anger flashed in the girl's eyes and the table cloth burst into flames. \"Whoa!\" said Jace. As he watched, several people with military haircuts came rushing in, put the fire out, and take the girl out of the room. \"My sister was afraid of what might happen if they found out that she took this video, but she wants to help this girl! I came to you because a year and a half ago I had an experience which convinced me of the existence of psycho-kinetic powers. And when I read the article about that smuggling bust of yours and the suspects story I thought you and your partner might just be the ones to help this girl. Just then the door opened, and Carrie walked in. \"Oh, I'm sorry,\" she said, as she walked around to stand next to Jace \"I didn't know someone was here!\" When Carrie saw the lady's face they both stopped short. Carrie spoke in a Voice Barely above a whisper! \"Ms. Desjardin!\" TBC …..Well there It is the first chapter of my Sequel, please, please, let me know what you think![Chapter 2] Fire Heart 2 Chapter 2 Miss Desjardin's hand flew to her mouth. \"Carrie White!\" she gasped, \"You're the un-named partner in the newspaper story?!\" Carrie nodded. \"We weren't expecting to get caught up in the publicity,\" said Jace \"And I wanted to be kept out of the spot light for obvious reasons!\" said Carrie. \"How do you know this lady, Carrie?\" he asked \"Her name is Rita Desjardin,\" replied Carrie, \"She was the gym teacher back in chamberlain and she was only other person besides Sue Snell who ever tried to be help me back then.\" Miss Desjardin nodded, \"I was about the only person at the black prom that Carrie deliberately spared, even in her rage!\" Miss Desjardin looked at the floor for several seconds, \"I'm so sorry, Carrie,\" she said, \"If only I had listened to Sue when she tried to warn me that Chris was up to something!\" Carrie walked around the desk to Miss Desjardin and to the older woman's surprise hugged her. \"It's okay,\" she said quietly, \"It wasn't your fault. You didn't know.\" \"Carrie,\" said Jace handing her the phone Miss Desjardin had given him, \"Take at look at this, it's why Miss Desjardin is here.\" As Carrie watched the video her eyes widened. \"How did you get this?!\" she asked \"My sister took this video,\" replied Miss Desjardin, \"she was, hired by a man, calling himself General Pike. She was hired to tutor the girl in the video. When she saw the military haircuts and the overly clean house, she got suspicious. She smuggled her go pro camera in and hid it one day while she was waiting for the girl to be brought in!\" \"And the video is what she got!\" said Jace. Miss Desjardin nodded \"My sister and I want you to find this girl and save her from these guys, who ever they are!\" she said. \"This power the girl has could do all kinds of damage to all kinds of people, if she's not taught to use it the right way!\" she said, \"she hasn't been called back to tutor the girl since that fire incident.\" Jace nodded in understanding then turned to Carrie. \"Are you willing?\" he asked Carrie nodded, \"Of course!\" she said, \"With this kind of power, if she snaps she could cause another Black Prom type disaster! If there is even a chance to prevent something like that then we have to try!\" \"I agree,\" said Jace nodding, \"We'll do it.\" \"How can I help?\" Asked Miss Desjardin \"Well first,\" said Jace, \"where did your sister have to go to tutor this girl, where is the house in the video?\" \"It's a condo in San Francisco,\" said Ms. Desjardin, she handed them a piece of paper, \"That's the address.\" \"Alright,\" said Jace copying the video off the phone, then handing it back to her, \"judging from their haircuts, these guys are probably ex-military andor mercenaries! I don't think your sister is in any immediate danger, but it would probably be best to tell her to keep a low profile for now!\" Miss Desjardin nodded. \"We'll get to work and keep you posted Miss Desjardin!\" said Carrie taking down her phone number. Miss Desjardin nodded and stood up to leave. \"I'm Glad to see you doing so well, Carrie.\" She said Before she left. After she closed the door behind her Carrie turned to Jace. \"Do you want me to call the airport and get us two plane tickets to San Francisco?\" Jace Nodded, \"the earliest flight that you can get! I'll go upstairs and start packing.\" A few hours later they were sitting at Gate 24 in the terminal at the Orlando International Airport. They were leaning together with their heads almost touching as they looked at the screen of a tablet. Jace had been passing the time by researching other reports of apparent pyro-kinesis! So far, every case that he had read about turned out to be a fraud, but he was still looking. After another thirty minutes they were finally allowed to board their flight. After another wait the plane taxied down the runway and lifted off into the sky. They made it as far as Atlanta. Just their luck a storm blew in across the flight path, so their flight was delayed for several hours. Carrie and Jace decided to take a walk. They ended up wandering into an auction house. Jace smiled as he watched Carrie looking around. Before the Black Prom she didn't shop that much and afterwards there was the year in the psychiatric hospital. But ever since she had come to live with Jace she had been making up for her lack of shopping time with a vengeance. They walked along the rows of interesting antiques and artifacts. Jace smiled when he felt Carrie's hand slip into his and her fingers intertwine with his. He heard an older lady behind sigh, \"Ah young love.\" Carrie mush have heard it too because she blushed, but surprisingly she didn't let go of his hand. Anyone who had known her back in Chamberlain would be amazed and what a warm, affectionate and almost bubbly person the once shy and withdrawn Carrie was now becoming. Suddenly he was jarred out of his thoughts by the sound of a voice on the other side of a tall carved wood Bureau. The voice was saying, \"Don't worry General Pike, I'll get it!\" Carrie heard it too, they looked at each other in shock! They couldn't believe their luck! they eased around the bureau and saw a muscular man with his back to them, and a cell phone to his ear. The other thing they noticed that he had the same haircut as the men in the video. Carrie motioned Jace back out of earshot. \"Jace,\" she said, \"We've got to find out what that guy was sent here to get, and then try to get our hands on it first!\" \"You must be a mind reader,\" said Jace with a playful grin, \"That's just exactly what I was going to say!\" Carrie grinned back, \"I know,\" she said. A few minutes later the auction started, there were various historical artifacts for sale, like an antique signal man's lantern, some old baseball cards, Pieces of antique furniture and other things. Jace and Carrie kept a close eye on their target. He didn't really pay attention to most of the articles on the auction block. Finally, when the next to last article was brought on to the auction block. He sat up and got serious. The article was a box collection of mint condition issues of every of Rolling Stone Magazine thus far printed, from 1967 to now. Carrie and Jace looked at each other puzzled. Carrie spoke to Jace telepathically. \" What would General Pike want with a bunch of magazines?!\" \" I don't know, we're have to get them first to find out!\" \"I read his mind, He has excess to 50,000 dollars.\" \" I can beat that no problem! But if I do he'll probably call his boss for more.\" \"I think I can disable his phone from here.\" The bidding started at 100 dollars and climbed quickly, by the time that the bids got to 5000 dollars Jace and the General's flunky were the only ones left bidding. The auctioneer's assistants, the auctioneer, and everybody else in the room were scarcely able to believe it when the bidding soared. A few minutes later when Jace bid 50,050 dollars the man went wild-eyed and grabbed his cell phone. Carrie concentrated and caused the batter connections inside the phone to short out! The man slammed the cellphone to the ground in frustration and watched helplessly as the bundle of magazines was sold to Jace and Carrie. Jace went back to the cashier's window and used his debit card to pay for the purchase then he and Carrie carried the crate of magazines out the door and back toward the airport. They were so thankful for their telekinesis which made carrying almost fifty years would of magazines much, much easier. When they got inside the airport and to a place where they could sit down Carrie turned to Jace. \"We're never going to figure out why he wanted these before it's time to board the plane if we go through them the conventional way.\" Jace nodded, \"you're right.\" He said, \"Let's telepathically scan them for anything to do with girls and pyro-kinesis or General Pike.\" Jace had been teaching Carrie to expand her telepathy and this was one thing he had taught her to do. They closed their eyes and focused suddenly it was like their mind's eye was taking them through all the magazines with the speed of an internet search engine. Suddenly Carrie's eyes shot open and so did Jace's \"did you see it?!\" she asked Jace nodded, \"It's in a 1984 issue!\" the pawed through the Magazines until they found what they were looking for. It was an article in an august issue. It told the story of a nine-year-old girl named Charlene McGee, who had proved to the writer, of the article, that she was capable of pyro-kinesis. It went on to tell of how her parents were part of secret government experiment in the late sixties. They were dosed with a chemical called Lot-6. By a government agency called The Shop. It had given her mother the ability to read minds, and her father the ability to control minds. They had gotten free of the program and gone on to get married and have her. Charlene or Charlie as they called her had the ability to start and control fires. Earlier that year, The Shop's agents had come after her family again wanting to harness her power and use it as a weapon. They had murdered her parents, and she used her power to all but destroy the agency and their base. What really caught their eye, was the picture of Charlie. \"Jace,\" said Carrie, \"That's the girl in the video! But, wait, how can it be? This picture was taken over thirty years ago!\" Jace shook his head. He was as bewildered as Carrie. It was true though, the girl in the picture and the girl in the video that Ms. Desjardin brought them were Identical! Then Jace stopped short and looked at Carrie. This time he didn't need his telepathy he could tell by the look on her face that she had just thought of the same thing. \"They cloned her!\" TBC…. Here is the second chapter. Let me know what you think. ","Summary":" CARRIE: Atonement 2 Fire Heart Chapter 1 2100 hours, Somewhere in the Sierra Nevada Mountains: A te"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"A great woman","Author":"LetsGetDysfunctional","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13138097","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I know how the movie ended, but before the movie ended I just saw this ship and had to go with it or I would go absolutely mad! Basically, Tip and Gorg have a kid, it's stupid, I know, but bear with my story dump please? RnR... or don't... In this version, Gorg is not the only one but the rock is still the next generation. Gorg is also, not a starfish... He actually fits throughout the armor. I imagined him as kinda spiky but let you imagination go wild. Gratuity Tucci was a good mother. She tried to raise her children the way she was raised. Firm, but still flexible and fun. Boy was it hard. Tip saw her mother in a new light for having to raise her on her own. While Gorg tried to be home as much as possible, he was still the ruler of a civilization. The Gorg people had settled down on Mars and new space technology made it possible to get from Earth to the Moon to Mars and back in a matter of minutes. Tip used this as much as she could. If she had any say in it, the father of her child will be in it's life. Emiliysa \"Emily\" Chiffon Tucci was only three years old when she noticed that her father was not around often. She found herself asking for him more often as well as being denied more often. Nights were something she looked forwards to unlike many children. This was the only time that she knew she would see her daddy. Tonight it was no different. \"Mommy can I go to bed now?\" The three year old begged. \"Not yet Emily, don't you want to wait until daddy is home?\" Tip sighed, scooping up the little girl into her arms. \"It's bath time now, then we can go to bed,\" When the girl was in the tub, she heard a slam from the living room. \"Daddy's home!\" she cheered. Tip shushed her, confusing the girl. Tip peeked out of the door and shut it quietly. She took Emily out of the tub and dressed her quickly and quietly. She very carefully opened the window. \"Mommy, why are we hiding from daddy?\" Emily whispered, tugging her mother's shirt. \"Shh, quiet Emmy, it's not daddy.\" Tip lifted the toddler up and out of the window. Lucky were on Earth or we couldn't get out this way. She thought gratefully. She rushed to the public transit and hopped on the emergency transit to the moon. \"Mommy, who was in our house?\" Emily asked, looking scared and confused. Tip ruffled her hair and sat her on her own lap. \"I don't know baby, I think someone was just lost,\" \"oh... ok\" \"Don't worry baby, it's gonna be fine,\" Tip reassured. It wasn't an uncommon occurrence for someone to get drunk and get lost coming home. Many of the houses looked very similar in their neighborhood. It was probably a human who tried gorg beer for the first time. It was probably a weird sight to see the wife of their ruler walking with a half human child wearing pajamas through the main capital. When they reached the main hall, she cut in front of the line to the front desk, ignoring a the protests from the waiting citizens. \"I need to know where Gorg is,\" She demanded, slamming her hand down on the desk. The frighted woman behind the desk pointed to the main elevator that led to his office. \"Thank you,\" Tip hopped into the main elevator with some other important government officials. While they gave some weird stares, they did not say anything about her, knowing her to be a power force to be reckoned with, if you dared. Besides, very few people had ever seen Emiliysa who was said to be strong and have window shattering tantrums from time to time. When they reached the office, they stepped off the elevator, leaving everyone else inside. Emily waved at them causing a few of them to wave back cautiously. When Emily saw the door, she jumped out of Tip's arms and ran in. \"Daddy, Daddy!\" She squealed, hopping in his chair with him. \"Emiliysa! What are you doing here beautiful?\" He smiled, hugging her. \"Mommy says theirs a drunk man in our house!\" she said more cheerfully than appropriate. His head snapped to Tip, who was still standing in the doorway. \"Emiliysa, why don't you go play with your toys in the other room for a little while?\" Emily nodded, realizing that her mom and dad needed to talk, and ran off to her little toy room off the office. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. Tip shook her head, tears running down her face. She collapsed into him and he held her like this for a while. \"Were fine, that's all that matters,\" She sighed, standing back up. \"No, It's not,\" Gorg sighed, \"I swear, this wont happen again, we need stricter laws on alcohol, something needs o happen before someone gets hurt, before you get hurt!\" He began to get louder and flustered. \"Gorg, we'll be fine,\" Tip hugged him soothingly, \"While I agree with your ideas, your overreacting, we can take care of ourselves, everything is gonna be fine,\" Yes. Gratuity Tucci is a great mother. A great wife. And an woman. ","Summary":" I know how the movie ended, but before the movie ended I just saw this ship and had to go with it o"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Out of this Home (by: Lupe)","Author":"grz7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12901573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 362 days. It has been 362 days since I last saw my mom. My mom works for NASA, and she left almost a year ago on a trip to explore the moon and to establish a living presence from earth among it. It was supposed to be 3 months. It'll be 12 soon. She promised to be back for my birthday, she lied. All I got was a 5 minute phone call consisting of bad news and a happy birthday song. Just short of an \"I miss you, how are you?\" Eventually on the news I found out about the Boov. A group of what I can only describe as aliens. They are purple and small and round. They have many little legs and different types of heads, but usually consisting of two little cinnamon-bun like horns? If you could even call them horns. I woke up and started getting ready for the day. The boov initiated a fight with the people from our earth and school had been canceled because no one knew what would become of the fight. Everybody was watching the news, stocking up with food, and making sure they had an emergency plan if anything happened. I was more concerned with whether or not my mom was okay. I made my way over next-door, to have breakfast with Claire and Tasha. Clair is my mothers best friend and Tasha is mine. My mom left me in Clair's care. They're wit me wherever I go, making sure I stay safe. Even when I sleep, Claire and Tasha will stay with me or I stay with them. We have cameras set up at the exits and entrances, and one that we turn on or off depending on whether we are there or not. Claire set them up to ensure we were okay when leaving and getting home while she was working. She works at home in her home office but once in awhile she goes out to buy groceries or do the basic stuff. She's done a lot for me since my mom has been gone, and for sure a critical reason why the transition between having then not having my mom home with me hasn't been so difficult. Claire made some breakfast sandwiches, my favorite. She was watching the news but turned it off the instant I walked into the kitchen. Claire tried her best to keep the news about the Boov away from me. She knew it would worry me given what it would mean for my mom. The news talked about the Boov carrying through an attack on the humans from our earth on the moon. They wanted control of the moon and didn't want to negotiate about it. There was also news about a lot of people coming back from the moon to stay with their families in these uncertain times. \"Do you think my mom will come back?\" I decide to ask Claire. \"What?\" \"Do you think she'll come back? My mom? To see me?\" \"Why do you ask that hun?\" \"Because I know people have been coming back from the moon to visit their families and I wanted to know if you'll think she'll be one of them.\" \"Your mom loves you. You know that.\" \"That's not the question, I know she does. But do you think she'll come back?\" \"I don't know hun. She probably hasn't because she's busy with everything. You know how hard it was for her to leave you.\" \"I know that, but if it was so hard for her to leave, shouldn't it be easier for her to come back?\" \"I'm sure she will, soon. But for now, you have to be patient.\" \"I've been patient for a year. She was supposed to be back months ago!\" I snapped back. You could hear the break in my voice, holding the tears back. \"I know, I know. It's okay. Just give it time.\" Claire told me as she came over to comfort me. Tasha came down from her room, bedhead and all. She woke up later then her mom and I, so she was usually last to breakfast. \"Hey loser. Come up stairs. I have something to show you.\" Tasha told me as she grabbed a sandwich off the counter and made her ways back upstairs. \"Whatever. Okay let's go.\" We made our way over to her room and I sat in her bean bag chair while she grabbed whatever she needs from her bed. \"So I've been looking, and you can go see your mom.\" \"Wait, what?!\" \"Okay so I know you've been really sad lately about not being able to see your mom and especially after Alice's mom came back but yours didn't. So i did some research and I found out that you can go see your mom. Basically you have to pass this program in order to be able to go but you can for sure go. It was that program you did with your mom that she needed to do before she left and you went with her so you could maximize the time you spend with her before she left. You can go see her! All you need is to book a ticket to go, but since a lot of people haven't been wanting to go, and they want to fill up the ship to go, they have them for only 150$. You should go!\" \"I don't know. She won't be expecting me. I haven't been able to contact her at all!\" \"So what?! Do it. You've been wanting to see her for forever, this is your chance!\" \"Ugh i don't know.\" \"Go! I'll help you pay. I'll give you my 60$ left from my birthday money. Go and conquer!\" \"Okay. Let's do it. What's next?\" We spent the rest of the day getting everything I needed to be able to work, from the means of paying to the paperwork. We decided it would be best to not tell Claire till the day of. That way, I kind of had to go through it. It's not like I would be able to ask for a refund the day of. *2 weeks later* So far everything on the news indicates that everything has been going good between the Boov and the humans from earth on the moon. I'm all packed up and ready to go. I've been sneaking around Claire but she found out last night and turns out she knew all along after the bank statement came in for Tasha and Tasha left it in the living room. She noticed the 60$ missing and she saw the ticket come in too. Turns out she called my mom before hand, explaining to me the whole process she went through to contact my mom and she would be meeting me once I landed on the moon. Clair drove me over to where the ship would be taking off. I ended up falling asleep after take-off. It was bumpy and crazy, but I had stayed up the night before not being able to sleep from excitement of seeing my mom. *awhile later* \"Ladies and Gentlemen, we have arrived. The moon welcomes you.\" Finally was on the moon and I couldn't wait to see my mom. I got my luggage and made my way over. I saw my mom and ran into her arms. I missed her so much more than I even thought and we ended up spending a solid minute or 2 just hysterically sobbing. Finally we made our way back to where she was staying, on the moon, and we got something to eat. It was months late but for sure the best present I could have for a birthday. Even if it wasn't meant to be for that. ","Summary":" 362 days. It has been 362 days since I last saw my mom. My mom works for NASA, and she left almost "},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"îles à la dérive","Author":"ylg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12440533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Îles à la dérive Auteur : ylg/malurette Base : Home (En route) Personnages : Lucy & 'Tip' Gratuity Tucci Genre : gen/un peu angst Gradation : PG / K-plus Légalité : cette adaptation est la propriété de DreamWorks, le titre est emprunté à Hemingway et le résumé à Voulzy ; je ne cherche ni à tirer profit ni à manquer de respect. Thème : « island » pour ladiesbingo (île) Continuité/Spoil éventuel : jusqu'à la fin du film Nombre de mots : ~900 oOo Les Boov ont largué l'humanité en Australie. Quelle drôle d'idée ! Lucy n'a jamais été très douée en géographie, mais elle savait que l'Australie était une île. Elle est donc entourée d'eau qui les empêchait de s'en aller de là pour rentrer chez eux… quand bien même ils le voudrait. D'abord, tout le monde était trop choqué pour réagir. Mais au moins, comme les gens avaient été relocalisés par voisinages entiers, les familles et les amis étaient restés groupés et même s'ils étaient arrachés à leurs maisons, c'était plus facile en étant ensemble. Quelques uns ont bien tenté de protester, mais abandonnèrent vite. Paniquer ne servit à rien, et la plupart des gens décida de juste laisser voir venir. Sauf Lucy Tucci qui avait perdu sa fille pendant la relocalisation. Elle ne pouvait qu'espérer qu'elle se trouvait quelque part ailleurs sur cette maudite île. Pourvu qu'elle ne soit pas… définitivement perdue… où que ça soit d'autre. Quelle taille pouvait bien faire une île, enfin ? Celle-ci était aussi grande qu'un continent entier. Il fallait bien qu'elle soit grande, pour que les Boov décident d'y placer les milliards d'humains peuplant cette planète, comme ils prétendaient l'avoir fait. Était-ce seulement possible ? Lucy n'en avait aucune idée, et à vrai dire, s'en fichait. Tant que sa fille était là pas loin, et surtout, saine et sauve, où que ça soit… Mais cet endroit était trop grand et surtout trop peuplé pour y retrouver une petite fille entre tellement de gens. Ça n'avait rien à voir avec l'idée romanesque que Lucy se faisait autrefois de la notion d' »île ». Quelque quinze ans auparavant, elle avait quitté son Italie natale pour les Petites Antilles parce que ça lui semblait romantique, et ça le fut effectivement. La Barbade était magnifique et juste à la bonne taille pour ses jeunes espoirs. De l'Australie, en revanche, Lucy n'arrivait pas à s'en faire une représentation mentale utilisable. Tout ce dont elle pouvait être sûre c'est qu'elle ne pourrait jamais en faire le tour comme on le ferait d'une île déserte perdue au milieu de l'océan où on se retrouverait après un naufrage. Son nouveau voisinage était composé d'îlots habitable en plein désert, comme une oasis artificielle, et elle y était coincée plus sûrement que sur son île imaginaire. Pour ce qu'elle en savait, ça pouvait être absolument n'importe quel désert, australien ou pas, elle n'avait que la parole des Boov à croire là-dessus, et pouvait-elle leur faire confiance ? Elle n'avait pas vraiment le choix… Et la Barbade avec ses quelques 400 kilomètres carré était déjà bien assez vaste pour elle : à l'époque, à la fin de leur histoire, elle n'avait plus jamais revu son ex, ni par hasard, ni quand elle l'avait un peu cherché. Lucy n'a jamais regretté d'avoir eu sa fille, qui devint vite le plus grand amour de sa vie. Elle la nomma Gratuity, le don inattendu, parce qu'elle n'avait pas prévu sa naissance. C'était le cadeau surprise en plus alors que sa relation en cours se cassait la figure, et ce qu'elle en garda de meilleur. Sa précieuse petite fille, déjà presque une grande maintenant, était plus importante que n'importe quel homme. Elle ne s'est jamais dit qu'il fallait qu'elle lui donne une figure paternelle ou quoi que ce soit dans ce goût : elles s'en sortaient très bien toutes les deux, mère et fille, sans avoir besoin de personne d'autre dans leur vie. Lucy avait quitté la Barbade pour New York en partie pour sa carrière mais surtout parce qu'elle pensait que ça serait mieux pour l'avenir de Tip de grandir dans une métropole que dans leur petite île perdue. Elle ne s'attendait pas à un tel isolement en y débarquant… et rien n'aurait pu les préparer à être séparées l'une de l'autre. Maintenant seulement qu'il lui fallait demander à tout le monde autour d'elle si on avait aperçu sa fille quelque part, réalisait-elle à quel point elle connaissait peu son entourage. Elle ignorait les noms de plus de la moitié de ses voisins d'autrefois, ne savait presque rien de leur situation. Quelle solitude était la leur au milieu d'une ville pourtant si peuplée ! Lucy ne pouvait pas affronter les Boov seule et ne pouvait pas convaincre ses voisins, ni les anciens ni les nouveaux, de se rebeller contre l'envahisseur. Ça n'aurait servi à rien de toute façon. Mais elle demanderait encore et encore, à tout le monde, chaque personne qu'elle croisait ; elle harcèlerait chaque Boov de corvée de renseignement, jusqu'à ce qu'on lui ramène sa fille, ou au moins qu'on lui donne la preuve qu'elle était retrouvée saine et sauve et le nom de l'endroit où elle était. Et même quand ses efforts semblaient vains, elle ne perdit jamais courage. À la fin, ce fut Tip elle-même qui sut retrouver Lucy, traçant sa route à travers le monde entier, les foules apathiques et les Boov hostiles. Lucy se fichait bien que Tip ait même sauvé ce monde au passage : le plus important restait qu'elle était enfin là. Elle était tellement, tellement fière de sa grande fille, si belle et si maligne, qui avait traversé tous les océans, encore plus déterminée qu'elle et sans jamais, jamais perdre espoir ! ","Summary":" Titre : Îles à la dérive Auteur : ylg/malurette Base : Home (En route) Personnages : Lucy & 'Tip' G"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Strange Places","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12286284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Strange Places Trust Me – Christmas Special, one-shot Oh woke with a start as his soulmate very abruptly sat up. \"Oh! Wake up, it's Christmas!\" she exclaimed gleefully, jumping out of the bed. He blinked confused a few times, before a wide smile broke loose across his features. Christmas. His first Christmas with Tip. \"Oooooh, what am I going to wear?\" Tip asked, smile still threatening to split her face in two, as she rushed around in her room, throwing clothes over her shoulders as she went. \"Something red, definitely, but what? \" Oh chuckled fondly and slid out of the low bed himself. It was made especially for him, the height just perfect so he wouldn't require help to get in our out. \"What about the dress for night?\" he suggested, his gaze following Tip as she whirled around desperately. Said girl froze in the middle of rummaging through a pile of clothes. When she turned to look at him, her eyes were wide and beaming, filled to the brim with love. It still surprised him that just a simple comment could make her react like that, but he guessed he would get used to it eventually. He really hoped so, or else she might very well give him a heart attack someday. \"Oh. You are. A genius,\" she said slowly. \"Now, where is it?\" Ah, there she begun with her search again. The Boov captain rolled his eyes playfully and reached under the bed. Tip looked up sharply when he whistled, and her eyes widened again as he held up a knee long, red cotton dress. \"Have I told you that I love you?\" the grateful girl asked a bit later when she was fully dressed. \"Hmm… not since last night, you have not,\" \"Not recent enough. I love you,\" she muttered, and pressed her lips to his head. She'd grown a bit since they first met, something that made their relationship a tad harder, but it worked. When Oh had voiced his concerns, Tip had rolled her eyes. 'Oh. If we managed to look past the fact that we're a different species, I think we can look past height differences.' Oh smiled softly at her as she tucked her arms into the sleeves of a short, white jacket for indoor use. \"Looking good?\" she asked and made a twirl on the floor. Oh swallowed as his skin took a small tint of pink. Tip noticed, and chuckled. \"Dumb question,\" A little bit later, she'd put a white bow in her hair to keep it from falling in her face. Oh had very suddenly lost his sight for a few seconds as Tip threw a Santa hat in his face. She apologized, of course, but Oh couldn't take her seriously while she was giggling madly. He settled with growling playfully and pulling the hat over his head. Which, of course, only made Tip giggle a bit more. When they finally were ready, about an hour after waking up, Tip all but ran into the living room. The whole house was decorated for Christmas, with small Santa's standing around, here and there, a snowman was present and in a corner, a large, majestic Christmas tree was stretching its branches towards the ceiling. A proud star was blinking at the very top and on every single branch, a Christmas ball or two hung, giving off its very own spark. Fastened in the top and flowing down in between the branches were thick, silver threads. The whole room smelled of gingerbread and coffee and tea, and through the kitchen door an amazing smell indicated that the dinner would be just as delicious as last year. The whole room smelled of Christmas, and the couple couldn't have asked for more. Both Tip and Oh stopped dead in their tracks as they stepped into the room. \"It's beautiful…\" Tip breathed, though she wasn't sure whether it was directed at the three or the whole room in general. It was a tradition that the living room wouldn't be decorated until the night before Christmas, which was one of the reasons Tip had been so eager to wake up. Oh nodded slowly, speechless in an awed way. Lucy, Kyle and Smek were already present, as well as their cats. Tippy, Pigcat and Toh, the original cats in the house, had curled up in a heap on the couch, while Nanny and Pano were playing on the rug. At Tip's words, Kyle looked up. He smiled widely. \"Good morning, captain,\" he said teasingly. Oh huffed, though it wasn't a lot of fight in it. \"You know that I do not like you to call me that,\" Tip gasped again. \"Oh! Oh, the stockings!\" she cried, and the youngest Boov in the room snapped his gaze to where she was pointing, and then they both rushed forward. Two huge, homemade socks were hanging on the wall, both bulging with whatever they held inside. Tip took down both of them before anyone could blink, and then they dropped to the floor. Each of them got a dark green bouncy ball –neither of them knew whether it was a coincidence or not-, a box of crayons and a matching bracelet, which was around the same color as the bouncy ball. But that was where the likeness stopped. Tip got a bar of milk chocolate and a bag of gummy bears, while Oh got a pack of lightbulbs and a smaller one with screws. The next few hours passed in a kind of impatient daze. Tip and Oh snuggled a bit, they cuddled a bit, they tried to draw but they couldn't focus for too long so they gave up on that activity, they talked a bit with Kyle and Smek and played with the cats, but most of all, they were bored with waiting . \"I wonder how Ani is doing,\" Tip wondered at some time. Lucy laughed from the couch, where she was reading a book. She put it down and gave the duo a playful, stern look. \"Now, Tip, you know that Christmas is a time for family to be united and have fun,\" Kyle nodded. \"Yeah, and I do not think I wish to know what the two of them are upping to,\" he muttered, shuddering. The people in the room laughed merrily at his words. He had been speechless for almost two weeks after he accidentally walked in on the Boov and her so-called 'friend'. \"It still amazes me how much her wish to return his feelings worked for her,\" Lucy said with a smile as she sipped her coffee. The two youngest in the room both nodded before sipping their hot chocolate. \"Love works in mysterious ways,\" Tip pointed out, smiling at Oh. He squeezed her hand happily and let more of his weight rest on her. She put an arm around his shoulders, and he breathed out, ready to just be for a few seconds. \"Still,\" Smek pointed out, and Oh reluctantly opened his eyes again. \"It is impossible,\" \" Supposed to be impossible,\" Kyle corrected. \"She was very much pink,\" he said, again suppressing a shudder. Smek grinned. \"I won't bring up the fact that it's an interspecies relationship,\" Tip said. \"I don't think I'm in the position to say anything,\" As laughter echoed through the room, Oh snuggled deeper into Tips embrace. It was a strange place to find comfort; a humansgirl? Who would ever have thought? Time did not fly by. It was more liked it crawled. Crawled very slowly, mind you. Finally, – finally - Lucy declared dinner to be served. Oh's mouth dropped when he saw the table. It was decked for five; however, there was enough food for fifteen, at least! What met Tip's and Oh's eyes was like a paradise; potatoes; at least three different sauces; thick, white sausages merely for Christmas; peas; cooked carrots; broccoli: Christmas ribs; more potatoes; a mix between meatballs and hamburgers; ham- and the list could go on and on forever. Lucy had ran into a slight problem when it came to finding food for the other species supposed to join the two humans. After all, buying screws had gotten a bit old. She had decided to take the chance, and had bought a few old paintings –cheap, of course-, two cans of motor oil and, after looking through eBay more than a few times, had gotten almost twelve LP records, which she'd placed upon the table along with –because she had no idea what else to have- some screws. The two visiting Boovs had brought some of their own food to make it a bit easier for Lucy. Empty plastic bottles did apparently work as food. \"Well?\" Lucy asked with a smile. \"What are you waiting for? Tuck in!\" They did, all the while chatting with each other. Tip insisted on telling her Mymom, in between every chew, that the food tasted even better this year. The dinner, though no one could recall the exact conversations later, was filled with laughter and happy memories. Chocking on food because of laughing too much was a common happening, and after, their throats were sour because of all the laughing. Now and then Oh or Smek experimentally took a bite of the food Tip and Lucy were eating. Oh found that he was rather fond of potatoes, because 'the texture is so soft!', while Smek happily exclaimed that the ribs tasted wonderful. Tip finished first, which, honestly, wasn't that much of a surprise. Oh followed quickly after, and a few 'kicked puppy look's later, they were free to run into the living room again. The oldest of them happily fell to her knees in front of the tree, mindful of the small presents at the outskirts of the land of gifts. Oh didn't have to do such thing, as he could just walk. They began crawling –or in Oh's case, walking- around the great tree, inspecting the presents and sometimes piping up with \"Found one for me!\", or \"Here is one for you, it is quite small,\" or an occasional \"What on Earth is this supposed to be!?\" It was an unwritten rule that they wouldn't touch the presents until the announcer was chosen and present. After the pair had checked to see if there was any presents hanging on the tree –it was- they ran to turn on some Christmas music. It didn't take as long time as they'd hoped, and Tip decided to play dirty. Or, as dirty as she could become. \"Mooooom,\" she moaned. \"Aren't you done soon? The presents are looking so sad over there, waiting for someone to open them up!\" Just around the corner, Oh struggled to contain his giggles. \"Fine, fine, alright, we're coming,\" Lucy laughed. \"I swear, you're torturing me more and more each year,\" Tip groaned, but her wide smile gave her away as she hurried to claim a chair, dragging Oh onto her lap. \"I'm ready!\" she called into the kitchen. A bit later, when the three others had hurried inside of the living room, Lucy cleared her throat. \"I hereby declare that I, Lady Lucy, will be this year's Announcer! Bow at my feet!\" Tip giggled, before obliging, bowing her head slightly. \"Ready when you are, my lady,\" she answered. Lucy closed her eyes and fumbled a bit, before choosing a soft present from the pile under the tree. \"And the first present is to… Kyle, from Tip,\" Kyle shifted a bit, ready to catch the present when Lucy threw it at him. His shrill gasp could be heard all across the room as a soft cotton scarf fell out of the paper. Stars shone in his eyes. \"You did not!\" he shrieked at Tip, who smiled. \"You bet I did,\" \"Oh my god. I will be forever grateful,\" he told her, giving a small bow. Everyone had been quite surprised when it turned out that Kyle was of perfect fanboy caliber. It took a while for him to discover just what he would fanboy over , but he woke up when he spotted a Harry Potter book in a bookstore. Long story short, he'd been wanting a Hufflepuff scarf in a very, very long time. Tip had simply taken the opportunity. \"The next present is… also to Kyle, from Oh, this time,\" Kyle nearly fainted when he unwrapped a wand. The rest of the evening, he looked rather ridiculous, with his Hufflepuff scarf around his head and wand clutched tightly in hand, a stupid grin plastered across his face. And then the time went by, Lucy picking out a present, sometimes meant for her, sometimes a Boov and sometimes Tip. The clock in the corner read nearly twelve in the night, but no one were ready to stop just yet, even though… \"That was the last one!\" Lucy exclaimed. \"Uh! The- the wait!\" Oh said, stumbling forwards and falling face-first to the floor. All eyes turned to look at him, and his breath hitched nervously. \"I have another gift for Tip,\" he declared, and Tip rolled her eyes fondly. \"Oh, you've already given me three things. What could be left?\" \"Just-\" he broke himself off, and chose to pet the floor in front of him. Tip obliged, sliding out of the chair and sitting down in front of him. He was acutely aware that three sets of eyes were pointed at him. Before he could change his mind he tried to shut them out, and instead he took out the present he had spared for last out of his pocket. He handed it to her. Tip shot it an unsure look, but took it nonetheless. As she slowly unwrapped it, Oh found himself holding his breath. The girl in front of him let out a shaky gasp. \"Oh, this- this is beautiful,\" she whispered. In her hands, she held a perfectly round medallion. It had the same spiraling pattern as the Boov pockets, though it was golden in color, same with the chain. He knew what she expected when she used her thumbnail to pop it open. Pictures, he was sure. Pictures of her, pictures of him, perhaps even a picture of them. But no. On the inside, two polished gems smiled at her. It had taken time and a lot of concentration, but eventually, Oh had managed to find to gems with the exact right color. One gem was yellow, and the other was blue. Tip gasped again, a smooth whisper, as she brushed her fingers over the letters engraved in the stone. Ingabe uyoba, iyinyoni yami. She was about to put it on, when Oh hurried to put a hand on her knee. \"Wait,\" he said, his expression serious. \"This is not simply a necklace,\" he told her gently. \"This is equal to a ring for weddings,\" Tip blinked. Once, twice. \"What,\" she asked, her voice flat. \"It is a wedding necklace, Tip.\" \"Are you- are you proposing? To me?\" Tip asked, unbelievingly. Oh nodded meekly, his heart again pounding harshly in his chest. She gave a breathy laugh, completely ignoring her mother's hopeful expression and the two Boovs shocked faces. Oh didn't exactly get an answer, but the kiss that followed spoke more than the thousand words Tip couldn't choke out through her tears. \"Ahem,\" Lucy said, an amused expression flickering across her face. \"Sorry,\" they said in unison. Oh reached over, and after a short bit of fumbling, Tip found herself with a wedding necklace hanging around her neck. \"What does it mean?\" \"The engravings?\" \"Yeah,\" \"Will you be my songbird. It is Boov expression. Singing is –was- forbidden, so songbird is meaning \"Will you do the incredible for me,\"\" he added when he saw her puzzled look. \"I never thought such a strange phasing would lead me into my happily ever after,\" she explained, soft smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. Lucy Tucci had always been an observer. She was quite pleased about the fact that she often found herself standing on the sidelines, instead of participating in the actual game, the game of living. So, naturally, she wasn't surprised when she found herself sitting in an armchair, perfectly fine to just observe the people in her living room. Her heart warmed. The people in her living room- there were no other beings she would rather call her family. The happiness and love in the room hung so heavy in the air, you could almost slice through it with a knife. It was so, so much better than last year. Lucy greyed at the memory, and not only because the Boov had chosen that moment to burst through the atmosphere. No, it was Tip . The poor girl had tried her very best to keep up a happy mask- Merlin, she'd even tried to be happy, too, just to make it easier for Lucy. It was the first Christmas after the accident, the first Christmas without the whole family gathered around the table, around the tree. Lucy knew that it hadn't been easy for the young girl, it hadn't been easy for her, either, but for Tip… Said girl's mother took a glance at the room, taking in the scenery. Oh and Smek chatting on the couch, their faces relaxed and at ease. Tip and Kyle sitting on the floor by the Christmas tree, Tips face flushed as she gestured wildly, pulling funny faces to go with whatever she was saying, causing Kyle to burst into laughter. The happiness on her face wasn't fake. It wasn't a game of pretend, trying to please her mom. It was real, pure happiness, seeping from her as if she was some kind of lantern in the night. So unlike the fake face she'd seen a year ago. Lucy remembered the sad look on her face when the girl thought she couldn't see it. Well. All of that changed when she met a certain person. She rose from her seat, stepped onto the field and cleared her throat before she had time to think it through. It didn't take long before silence filled the room. Lucy raised her glass in a sort of toast. \"To love, even when it's found in the strangest of places,\" she declared, and tilted the glass upwards before bringing it to her lips. She didn't say the silent part that followed after. And to Oh, who saved my daughter when I thought it was too late. Warmth poured into her heart and soul as the room echoed her words. \"To love, even when it's found in the strangest of places!\" ( a/n: as you probably noticed, this is not how Christmas is done in America and the such. I've done this the way we do it in Norway -my country- or, in particular, the way we do it at 'home'. Just for your information; this is in the same universe as my Trust Me series, however it's placed some time after Heroes, Yet Again. Yep. I think that was all? A merry Christmas to you all, and if Christmas is not a thing you do, then have a good day! Or evening. Or night. Whatever. For reading through this, I will award you with a rotten egg. You're welcome, no need to thank me.) ","Summary":" Strange Places Trust Me – Christmas Special, one-shot Oh woke with a start as his soulmate very abr"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"A Boy","Author":"Empv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12715688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As Oh enjoys his home party ,he wondered where Tip ran off to. He searched hard for Tip. He can hear her voice. It sounded like she was talking to someone. He finally found her! She was talking to someone on the phone. Oh finally heard Tip say \"Okay bye.\" .As she put her phone away, \"Who was that on the phone?\" asked Oh.\"Oh ,he's just a friend of mine.\" said Tip.\"A \"he\" hmmm.\" went Oh.\"Yeah, a he.\" said Tip.\"Hmmm...you better not hang out with boys ,Tip ! When your Mom finds out about this ,then,oh boy!\" said Oh.\"Relax,my Mom knows him.\" said Tip. She walked away and stopped to look at him \"Come on the party isn't starting without us.\" said Tip.Oh was quiet for a minute then he said,\"Alright.\" ","Summary":" As Oh enjoys his home party ,he wondered where Tip ran off to. He searched hard for Tip. He can hea"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"homestead on the hill","Author":"hilldyl000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12581680","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A chill blew through an open window in the anal cabin. Derek Linch lay in his head gripping his blankets tightly. His eyes opened slightly drains from sleep. He sat up and walked over to the window still draped in the blanket. The homestead was asleep still. Not even the rooster, Zacks, had woken up to alarm that morning had come. Derek saw the glow of the morning sun off the east end of the field showing the paths he had plowed the day before. His scarecrows arms flapping in the winds of the morning. To the west, he could make out the outline of the barn and chicken coop. He closed the window and walked towards the fireplace. Embers shined as he moved the remains of last night's fire. With a few deep breaths, a small flame came to life. He grabbed a few twigs from the pile to the left and arranged them neatly on the flame. The cabin brightened revealing all of its contents. Pots and pans were hooked onto the manual of the fire place. A barrel of water and the door to the right of the fire, a pile of small sticks and twigs and his boots carelessly tossed in the corner to the right. Behind him lay his unkempt bed with shoots of straw sticking out, a table with a large bowl and jug of water was set up next to it. On the far side of the room was a large table with books and papers scattered about, a shirt draped on the back of the chair. A shelf ran along the walls with containers holding spices, dried meets, and caned goods from last season. He grabbed a pot, ladled some water into it and placed it on a hook above the fire. Steam slowly rose as the water began to boil. He walked over the his bed and tossed the blanket in a loose ball, and began to wash the sleep off his face. The water was like ice as he wiped it off. Reaching in the drawer, he found a small mirror and gassed at his reflection. His skin was much darker now, with dry wrinkles from working in the summer sun. He had let this beard grow out over the winter, and he could see a red tint mixed on with the dirty bland. His hair was long but well kept held together by a thin rope at the base of his neck. His blue eyes still showed signs of sleep. Setting the mirror down, Derek grabbed a jar off the shelf and a coffee cup, and walked to the now boiling pot. The pot calmed has he took it off the hook and set it on the stone slab. He spooned in his coffee, stirred the pot, and pored himself a cup instantly warming him. ","Summary":" A chill blew through an open window in the anal cabin. Derek Linch lay in his head gripping his bla"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Campfire Story","Author":"Justin Bonesteel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12168189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh the Boov, Gratuity \"Tip\" Tucci and her mom, Lucy, are on a camping trip in a forest far away from their home city. The summer air was cool and crisp that night. The trio was sitting around a campfire they built. Lucy tossed a few more firewood into the fire. Oh and Tip watched the fire increase in size as they heard the wood crackle in the hot flame. When she finished, she sat down next to Tip who sat beside Oh with her cat, Pig, in her lap. \"So, Tip, how did you and Oh become friends?\" Lucy asked. \"Uh, it's a long story.\" Tip replied. \"I agrees.\" Oh commented. \"I still want to hear it though.\" \"Okay.\" Tip sighed. \"Long story it is.\" Oh waited anxiously and excitedly for Tip to start telling her campfire story of how she and Oh met and became friends. \"Oh my gosh! This is goings to be goods!\" Tip cleared her throat and began. \"After the Boov invaded the Earth and relocated the other humans, me and Pig decided to head out to find you. We went into a convenience store to grab supplies and ran into Oh here. At first, I locked him in a freezer out of revenge for kidnapping you.\" \"Wait a minute.\" Lucy interrupted. \"If Oh was locked in the freezer for awhile, then how come he didn't freeze?\" \"We Boov are used to cold.\" Oh answered. \"Anyway, as I was saying. I decided to leave Oh in the freezer, but when my car acted up, he said he would fix it, but instead he turned it into a flying vehicle using the tools, food and drinks from the store. I decided to leave Oh, but he pleaded that he would promise to help me find you. So I let him come with me. During the journey, we started becoming friends. Along the way, we stopped in Paris for Oh to fix a mistake he made. After he did, he located my mom in Australia. Once we made it there, Oh decided to leave with the other Boov instead, and I got mad at him for breaking the promise he made, and I decided that we were never friends.\" \"I will remember that forever.\" Oh said sadly as his skin turned blue. \"But after I has told the other Boov about what a bad captain that Smek was and they made me new captain, I has had a picture of Tip with me and I has decided to return to Earth and help her find you as promised.\" \"And that is how we met and how we became friends.\" Tip ended the story. \"And I'm very proud of you, Oh, for helping my daughter find me.\" Lucy said to Oh, who flushed pink while smiling affectionately. For the next half-hour or so, Oh, Tip, Lucy and Pig sat around the fire roasting marshmallows, talking and enjoying each other's company. Awhile later, Lucy decided that it's now time for her, Tip and Oh to be heading back to their tent to get ready for bed. After putting out the fire, the trio headed back to their tent and got into their sleeping bags. While Lucy slept in her own, Tip, Oh and Pig were in Tip's. \"Good night, Oh.\" Tip whispered. \"Good nights, Tip,\" Oh replied. And the group slept peacefully throughout the night. ","Summary":" Oh the Boov, Gratuity \"Tip\" Tucci and her mom, Lucy, are on a camping trip in a forest far away f"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Solos tu y yo","Author":"Shinoby Nehory","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12149860","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Eh, ¿Tip que hacer? -Pregunta de manera curiosa el de piel morada viendo las acciones de la joven Mi tarea -Responde la morena de manera aburrida escribiendo sin dirigirle la mirada a su amigo No entiendo porque hacerla, si tu vas a eso que se llama \"escuela\" no creo que sea necesario hacer eso -Señala el escrito de la chica de manera inconforme Esto -Agarra su hoja enseñándola de frente hacia el- Es una prueba de que aprendi completamente las enseñanzas del lugar~ Pero no entiendo porque desconfiar de ti, si tu eres muy inteligente -La contempla con emoción en su voz Eh, ¿Gracias? Pero los maestros deben de estar seguros que aprendí y por eso la dejan -Pone de nuevo su hoja en la mesa y continua escribiendo No me agrada eso llamado \"tarea\" -Hace un pequeño mohín frunciendo un ceño con un muy leve tono rojizo en su cuerpo ¿Por? -Escribe mas rápido viéndolo de reojo un par de veces Porque no me dejan pasar tiempo contigo -Murmura viendo al suelo siendo un poco audible ¿Eh? -Termina de escribir para luego pararse y acercarse hacia donde estaba el, dejando su rostro a centímetros del contrarío E-Eh, yo no... -Balbucea completamente nervioso dejando relucir completamente el color rosado fuerte por sobre todo su cuerpo Tranquilo~ -Ríe levemente acariciando levemente la cabeza de su mejor amigo- No te exaltes L-Lo siento -Cierra sus ojos suspirando hondamente intentando borrar el actual color que tenía No te disculpes~ -Se separa un poco sonriendo al verlo en ese estado- ¿Quieres ir a remojarte un poco? Tu nucleo se debe encontrar \"caliente\" por lo que puedo notar -Ríe en modo burlona logrando que este abriera sus ojos rápidamente ¡N-No es gracioso! -Su cuerpo adopta un color rosado un poco mas notorio mientras volvía a hacer un puchero Claro que no es gracioso -Le contesta entre risas para simplemente acercarse y abrazarlo fuertemente ¿Eh? -Murmura confundido dejando atrás el color rosa Eres muy divertido y adorable, un buen mejor amigo -Le susurra abrazándolo aun mas escondiendo su rostro entre el cuello del contrario ¿Adorable? ¡Los Boovs no somos adorable! -Se separa viéndola de manera confusa Oh lo lamento señor no adorable -Se separa de la misma forma de manera notoriamente no arrepentida- Como sea, debo terminar con mi otra tarea~ -Canturrea de manera divertida dandole la espalda mas un fuerte agarre logra que se quede quieta en su lugar ¡No! -Grita cerrando fuertemente sus ojos para luego abrirlos sorprendidos- ¡T-Te tomaría bien un descanso! La tarea es muy importante -Se pone su mano libre en la cintura viéndolo con una sonrisa divertida Yo también ser importante -Contesta viéndola levemente para luego soltarla sorprendido de lo anterior dicho- ¡M-Me ire a remojar un poco! ¡Oh...! -Lo intenta detener pero se queda callada al ver la velocidad con la que había huido de su habitación- Ya veo que es muy bueno huyendo~ -Suelta un suspiro cansado para sentarse de nuevo a continuar con su tarea . . . ¿¡Qué me pasa!? Yo nunca había sido así, yo no ser así, yo no... -Balbuceaba nervioso con un leve tono amarillento abrazando fuertemente sus rodillas viendo la puerta del baño como si en cualquier momento la chica morena fuera a entrar Yo nunca haber sentido esto, esto es extraño -Se recarga en los azulejos cerrando sus ojos fuertemente, para luego abrirlos rápidamente asustado al ver el rostro de su mejor amiga en su mente ¿Oh? ¿Estas bien? -Escucha la voz de su amiga tras la puerta logrando que se pusiera de un color mas amarillo mientras resbala golpeándose contra el piso escuchandose un \"muy dolor\" por parte del Boov ¡S-Si! -Responde quejándose ante el golpe, sujetando la zona afectada con una mueca notoria de dolor ¿¡Estas bien!? -La chica abre sin permiso la puerta con una mueca de preocupación acercándose hacia su amigo S-Solo fue un leve golpe -Le sonríe algo atontado enseñando sus dientes algo chuecos Enseña -Le responde de manera seria tomando la mano de el donde sujetaba su cabeza donde había recibido el golpe No es necesario -Responde alejándose de ella de manera incomoda Como que no es necesario, estas lastimado debo curarte -Le responde tercamente intentando separar la mano de Oh de su cabeza No debes preocupar -Responde abochornado sonrojándose aun mas al notar como ella seguía insistentemente acercándose a el Como que no debo preocupar, ¡Estas herido! -Grita separando por fin logrando el objetivo de separar su mano de el, pero este ante el brusco movimiento resbala de nuevo ¿E-Estar bien? -Pregunta de manera adolorida levantando su rostro levemente Eso creo -Responde Tip de la misma manera, para luego sentarse aun encima de el- ¿Estas bien tu? Si... -Murmura completamente sonrojado viendo de manera maravillada y distraída a la chica que se encontraba encima de el Lo siento -Murmura parándose dejándolo libre completamente- Ven, te curare~ -Le extiende su mano de manera amistosa Si, ¡Si! -Responde aceptando la ayuda emocionado parándose rápidamente para luego verla por leves segundos y luego desviarla de nuevo- Al terminar, ¿Seguirás haciendo tarea? -Frunce el ceño cruzándose de brazos Ya la termine, no te preocupes~ -Ríe para luego tomarlo de su tentáculo, y guiarlo de nuevo a su cuarto, tomando el botiquín de primeros auxilios de paso ¿Pasar tiempo conmigo ahora? -Pregunta curioso viéndola de reojo como si no le interesara el asunto aunque mordiendo levemente su labio ansioso de la respuesta Pasar tiempo contigo -Le responde entre risas al escuchar los chillidos emocionados del contrario ante la respuesta que le había dado -/ u -/ Historia nueva uwur Nuevo fandom (?), es que esta película se me hizo tan adjkajdka */u* Una de las mejores películas que he visto en mi vida, les juro que ame la parte donde el quiere salvarla pero ella se niega, cuando ella se va y el empieza a experimentar un montón de emociones, la canción, los feels, ¡Toda esa escena encajo perfectamente! 3 O donde el lloro por primera vez, me dio cosita verlo shorar */n/* Ya esta, mi película favorita por ahora uwuU Y bueno, esto ya se alargo demasiado y se supone que debía estar dormida desde 14 min, así que buenas noches/días/tardes :3 Nos leemos en el siguiente capitulo *u*/ PD: Nunca crei volver a escribir en fanfiction pero meh xd Esta historia la actualizare mas en wattpad zd Digo para que sepan :u ","Summary":" Eh, ¿Tip que hacer? -Pregunta de manera curiosa el de piel morada viendo las acciones de la joven M"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Heroes, yet Again","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12345347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n: Sorry this took so long, I was doing something important *Doofenshmirtz evil incorparateeeeed~* Uh- no, not that, that's my sister- *PERRY THE PLATYPUS, I-* *sighs* alright, so I redsicovered Phineas and Ferb, kill me. But still, I went through some personal stuff that I'd rather not share here (Pluss life's a bitch) I'm tired of this. If I continue writing this, the chapters will be worse than they are now. So, I changed the plot a bit! Here you go! ? – ? ? ? – ? ?, ? ? ?: ? He cracked his eyes open, just barely, a few millimeters. He was lying in a bed, in a room with white walls, a window, a table, two chairs and a TV. The bright light stung in his eyes. Where was he? Next to the bed he was laying in, one of the chairs sat. When he saw the chair, he almost jumped in surprise. A humansgirl was sitting in it. She had brown skin, and long, curly black hair sticking out in every direction. Like some sort of black halo? Demonic- creature- what- Tears were slowly streaming down her cheeks, and her eyes were glowing a soft, dull green that seemed to be dragging him in- as if he belonged in them. With her. She was holding his hand, he realized, and blinked confused. The girl suddenly looked up at him, and her eyes widened in shock and surprise. \"Oh!\" she cried, and the next moment, she was hanging around his neck. Shocked, he raised his hands and hugged her back- on instinct, he realized later. He'd never been hugged before. They sat like that for a long, long time, and he found himself more and more relaxed in the humansgirls grasp. But then, she ended the embrace, and stepped away from him. \"Are you okay?\" she asked hurriedly. She sounded worried. Why in the seven seas would she be worried? He didn't know any humanspersons- did he? He wasn't even sure who he was, himself. He nodded slowly to answer her. \"Excusing me, but… who am I?\" The girl's eyes widened, and new tears formed in them. \"Oh no… oh no, no, no, no. No, this is not happening-\" He frowned. \"What is not?\" All of this was just extremely confusing. The girl sunk down in the chair again, and tears welled up in her eyes. \"You don't remember?\" she asked, her voice a hurried whisper, and he gulped. Behind those words, she hid so many emotions… \"You- you're name is Oh. You're thirt- nine plus four years old, and you are the Boov captain,\" she told him slowly, and his frown deepened. Her voice struck something inside of him, stirred some memories to life- '… hate upon the Gorg!' '… Smek!' '… Shusher, I am captain' ' All hail, captain…' \"Is not- is not Smek, captain?\" he asked slowly, not sure what to feel, flipping through the short fragments he suddenly remembered. The girl took a deep breath. \"N-no. You are,\" she said, and he could see in her eyes that she begged him to remember, or at least accept. He felt an ancient urge to do as she pled- his head nodded without his agreement. \"And… and you, are? Who are you?\" he asked, finally voicing the question he'd been wondering about for a long time. How would he know a humansperson? Apparently some time had gone since his memories, because he obviously didn't remember becoming captain. The girl let out a sob. \"I am Gratuity Tucci.\" '… Gratuity Tucci…' '… believe in soulmates?' '… Paris…' '… me!?' '… my friend.' '… you, Gratuity Tucci.' ' Tippy!' He could feel a spark of recognition, and quick flashes of memories flew past him, in front of his eyes, too quick for him to keep up with. \"Tip?\" Gratuity Tucci urged. '… calls me Tip' '… call me Tip' '… find us!?' '… Boov!' '… family' And the memories ran past him, faster and faster and faster and faster- he shook his head roughly to focus. \"Your soulmate…?\" Oh gasped as a few memories came in place, so he actually could remember them. ' I love you, too' ' Oh?' ' Never !' ' Mine !' '… scared me so bad!' '… Oh…' He swallowed and shot a look at Tip. She was staring at him, and he could see the love and affection and fondness and sadness and worry and- and feelings shining in her eyes, now. \"Do you remember?\" she asked slowly, pressing, prompting, nagging, and strangely, he had no problems with it. He looked down for a short moment. \"A… little, maybe,\" he decided upon, and the next moment, Tip was hugging him again. He hugged her back, still both dazed and confused. So, apparently, I have amnesia… she's my soulmate? But- aren't soulmates rare? How can I be sure that she's not… lying? I'd never lie to you! Oh scrambled a little backwards in the bed, away from her embrace. \"-what.\" With tears in her eyes, Tip reached out to him and placed her hand gently on his head. I said… I'd never lie to you. \"Okay, well I am to guess you are my soulmates then,\" he decided, his voice shaky. Soulmate. \"What happened?\" He had, after all, apparently a lot to catch up on. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE The next few hours were spent with Tip telling Oh all about their adventure- and Oh found himself hypnotized, since, as she spoke, he could remember fragments. It was as if she was telling a fairy tale, but at the same time, he could see pictures of what was going on. He found himself amazed, and when Tip finished speaking, he sat in a half daze. \"Do you still not believe me?\" Tip asked him, her voice sad. \"It is just- so much, at one time…\" Oh tried to explain, but ended up with burying his face in his hands. \"Tip, I-\" Tip made him go silent by placing a hand on his head. \"Shh… I'll show you.\" She gave him all her memories of their time together- everything, down to every little detail- and it was everything from her perspective. He felt her anger and sadness and joy through their adventure, her fear and panic when he nearly died, her surprise and joy when she found out about them being soulmates and that he was in love with her. He felt her pain, her sorrow, her love, anger, irritation, joy and hopefulness. Her peace. She shared everything with him, and it was as if he was going through something that wasn't his- it felt wrong, on so many levels. \"Do you believe me now?\" Tip whispered. Oh closed his eyes, and, following an alien urge, he moved over in the bed and patted the mattress next to him. Tip crawled, without a word, into the bed next to him, where she sat silently next to him, resting her head on top of his. Even though Oh couldn't remember any of their earlier moments by himself, couldn't remember how he felt through their adventure or how he felt about her, when they sat like that… in silence, in peace, just- being there, next to each other- he could understand that he loved her. And even if he couldn't remember that he loved her, his body did, his unconsciousness did and it brought his mind to peace about the matter that he could not. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Oh sat in the hospital bed, with Tip next to him, and they were looking through many photos- in the last few months they had taken a surprisingly lot. With every picture, Tip had a short story to tell, and a memory to give away. Oh never really remembered them as if they had happened to him, simply because they hadn't. This was how Tip saw the situation, not how he saw it. It was- complicated, and though Oh knew about what had happened between the two of them, it felt like it had happened with another person. It felt like he was watching a movie. He still hadn't really gotten the hang of what had happened the day he stopped remembering. What Lucy Tucci, Tip's Mymom, and the doctors said was that he'd fallen down the stairs and hit his head. What Tip added was heartbreaking. \" Why can't I come with you?\" \" Do not be such a baby\" *laughter from both parties* \"It is not as if I am going to forgetting you while I am gone.\" Someone kept on hitting the 'replay' button in Tip's head, and as long as they were in physical contact, Oh could hear and see it too. He looked happy in the pictures. In her memories. He was smiling , smiling without that sad glimt in his eyes. His skin wasn't tainted blue at random times, he was- laughing, and smiling and God, now he felt like crying- There were times where Tip would randomly begin to sob, burst out crying with large tears streaming down her cheeks, pouring out of her eyes like rivers of emotions. And every time, Oh would take her in his arms, trying to sooth her- not because he remembered what to do, but because something in him urged him to do it. Urged him to make her feel good and happy again. And every, freaking time, Tip would grab hold of him and press him tight against her own body, curl up around him, crying onto his shoulder, and then she wouldn't let go for hours. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE It was hurting as hell, not knowing exactly who he was, or what he'd done with his life. Smek, Kyle and Toni had come to visit him a few times. They'd ask him what he remembered- he'd answer that he knew what had happened, but he couldn't remember much. Smek and Kyle would apologize; Oh would smile and say 'what for? You did not do anything wrong?', and the two Boov would turn deep blue before they hurried out the door. Toni would try to lighten the mood, and Oh found himself laughing more than once when he came to visit. Toni made Tip laugh, too, and feel secure- Oh would rather have the BBB visit him then the other two, though he enjoyed all three of them. He still couldn't remember anything, not from his personal experience. It was like reading a book or watching a movie, and then suddenly find yourself as one of the characters. You wouldn't remember exactly what had happened, you'd just know it. You did maybe know what you felt, but you couldn't remember feeling it. You did maybe know how that exact moment sounded, but you'd never heard it. It was horrible. And he just… couldn't understand and it was confusing and Tip and- and- He groaned, and let his face fall into his hands. Out of the corner of his eyes, he could see his skin turn deep blue. Not blue. Deep blue. But- he wasn't- wasn't depressed, was he? How could he be sure? He couldn't remember. -? ? ?- ? – ? ? – ? ?, ? \"Just remember, Oh, that if you suddenly can't remember anything, tell us .\" Oh blinked owlishly as Lucy Tucci walked in the door to his left, undoubtedly to fetch a cup of tea. The doctors had let him go home, now. They said they could not promise anything, but that there was a 50/50 chance that Oh would not recollect his memories. \"What?\" he asked, looking at Tip. She gave him a small, wobbling smile, but gave up and walked into her –their?- room. To the right. Oh was left in the hallway, in the middle. He sighed as his skin turned dark blue again. He slowly let his body slide to the ground, hiding his face in his shaking hands. He really, really did not like this. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE At first, Oh wasn't so sure why he had woken up. He didn't have to do number one, and not number two either. Certainly not number three. He wasn't thirsty, nor hungry. There was only a slight pain in the bottom of his stomach, which shouldn't be enough to wake him up. At first, Oh wasn't so sure why he had woken up, but then it hit him. Tip was missing. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE He found her in the living room, sitting curled up in a chair. She had a flashlight in one hand –it wasn't turned on- and in the other she was clutching a frying pan. A saucepan was resting comfortably on top of the girl's dark curls. Her green eyes were glowing eerily in the darkened room. The only sound was a creepy tick-tock from a grandfather clock in a corner, and Tip's fast breath. \"Tip?\" Oh called, afraid of startling the girl. \"Something feels wrong,\" she whispered. \"Can you come over here?\" Oh obeyed, walking over to her chair, staring expectedly up at her. She placed down the frying pan and opened her arms. Oh hesitated. She was still basically a stranger- but the look in her eyes was so desperate that he felt like he didn't have any choice. He ended up in her lap, snuggling. \"What is wrong?\" Oh muttered silently. \"Something feels wrong,\" Tip repeated, her voice almost flat. \"I don't like it. The air is buzzing with something, I can't put my finger on it,\" Her voice broke into a hysterical whisper, and her arms tightened around him. \"Can't you feel it?\" \"Show me,\" he muttered, almost not audible. She obeyed, sending him exactly what he wished for. The color drained from his face. \"I know that feel.\" \"What?\" Tip asked surprised. \"What does it mean?\" \"Death.\" Oh's eyes fluttered close. \"It is meaning death, Tip,\" The girl almost dropped him, just as a loud, desperate knock sounded through the whole apartment. In the faint light from the streetlights, Oh could see Tip's scared face pale even further. \"O-Oh?\" He swallowed. \"Take the pan for frying,\" he told her, collecting his Ithemba and enlarging it. \"What's that ?\" Tip asked, shocked. \"Gift for you,\" Oh answered absent-mindedly (later he would realize that this was not a thing he knew at the time, though no one could explain what happened, or why he was acting so much like he was supposed to), pushing her in front of him. A new set of desperate knocks echoed through the building, louder this time. It didn't seem like Tip appreciated the gesture, as she huffed but took a few steps towards the door. Her breath shook. Oh swallowed again, tightening his hold on the Ithemba. With almost an anticlimax, Tip tugged the door roughly inwards. A short figure fell through the door opening. Both Tip and Oh jumped backwards, a bit startled. It was a Boov. A Big Brain Boov, to be more precise. In the dim light from the hallway outside, they could clearly see that something was wrong. The Boov's skin was looking like sandpaper, the color a sickening gray one, almost hurting their eyes. \"Toni!\" was Tip's startled gasp, as she rushed forward, dropping her frying pan. She helped him lean up against the wall. His breath came in small, hurried hiccups. \"Help me here, Oh,\" Tip whined. \"I- I cannot touch him!\" Oh cried, starting to panic. \"Or I will be turning gray, too!\" Tip was about to say something, but was cut short as Toni gave a chocking sound. \"C-captain,\" he groaned, and Oh sat down next to him, his skin already turning a deep blue. \"Buh-be careful- the- the creepy pair, they-\" he had to stop himself as he begun coughing. Tip's eyes widened. \"Oh, what's going on!?\" she exclaimed. \"And where's mom!?\" Without waiting for an explanation, she turned on her heels, rushing to wake her mother. \"Toni-,\" Oh tried. \"No!\" Toni gasped, desperately trying to push away Oh without touching him. \"Captain, they- poisoning… you,\" he muttered and begun coughing again. \"Me, too… they… you drank… something… poison…making you… forget\" His skin changed into another, deeper gray color. Toni gave a shuddering, heart-breaking gasp. \"Be careful… Oh, they want… to kill… you…\" Tip rushed into the room again, with her mother in tow, just as Toni drew his last, sharp breath. \"Oh, what-\" Lucy begun, but just then Toni burst into flames. Tip and Lucy shrieked, while Oh only jumped backwards, with wide, startled eyes. The flames didn't catch onto anything else, fortunately, and Toni's body burned up pretty fast. \"…is that supposed to happen when a Boov dies?\" Tip asked shakily, shocked. Oh shook his head slowly, as he sat down next to the ashes on the ground, his nose uncurled and his skin deep blue. \"Tip…\" he muttered, and the girl untangled herself from her mother, just to drop to her knees next to him. He screwed his eyes shut and climbed into her lap, hugging her tight. He needed comfort right now –even though he was a Boov he didn't have an ice cold heart, and he'd just seen someone die - and Tip was the only one who could give him that comfort. She hugged back without hesitating. Something broke inside of Oh, and tears escaped his eyes, rolling down his cheeks faster and tighter than they had ever before. He'd been poisoned. Toni'd been murdered. What a great start in his home. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Surprisingly many came to Toni's funeral. Seven or eight BBB's, almost the whole Gaming Folks and their friends and/or family. Many were crying, someone were in shock. \"Oh,\" Tip muttered suddenly, and the Boov turned towards his girlfriend, his nose uncurled, his skin deep blue. \"Hug me?\" she requested. He did. He didn't even think about it. He just… hugged her. It felt almost empty. Are you okay? Tip muttered, taking him onto her lap, curling up around him as the other people in the funeral spoke between each other. Yes, he answered. Empty. Empty, so empty. No, he decided upon a little later. And then, after a short pause, I don't know. Explain? Her voice sounded tired, too. I just don't know what to feel, he muttered, trying to explain. He's gone, right? There isn't anything I've forgotten? He tended to forget some small things, like what he'd eaten for breakfast or whether he'd told Tip something or not. This happened more often than he thought, he knew, as Tip almost never told him if he'd said something before. You haven't forgotten anything, Tip assured him. He sighed, shakily. For once I wish I had. The only answer was a tighter embrace. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE After a short rapport to Tip and her Mymom, they called the police. They investigated the matter, and, turns out, the Creepy Pair had been planning on making this gigantic Boov War Ship –because there had been a time when Boov were in war instead of running away from one. They would kidnap several people to teleport them into some real-life versions of deathly games (such as Manor of Mirrors and Five Nights at Freddy's) to see how long they would hold. Oh yeah, don't forget the part about conquering the world. That's very important. Thanks to Toni, the police managed to jail them before they could finish the War Ship, although the fight was hard. (No one knew how Toni had figured out about the poisoning –or how it had been done or anything at all , but he had known and he had told someone before he died). The Big Brain Boov –who, in the eyes of the government, had died a brave death- received a medal. Kyle joked about it being a Second Order of Merlin, but no one understood what he meant, so he quickly stopped. Neither Tip nor Oh cared much about it. They missed their friend. Everyone did, but no one could do anything about it. Of course they couldn't. Oh could only sing the Death Song, and that didn't change much. Chaos, chaos, chaos and feelings. There were times Oh whished time would just stop, but… it never did. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE \"Hey,\" Tip whirled around, causing Oh to do the same. The feelings pulsing through her made him hesitate, however, and a spark of a memory broke loose in the depths of his mind. '… building…' The random hugs and kisses. Shit . It was all of her feelings from that time, pressed together in one- \"What are you doing here!?\" Tip asked, voice shrill, as she backed off a few steps. Oh took a step closer to her. The boy she was talking to was about a head taller than she was. His hair was dark brown, his eyes the same and his skin shockingly pale. \"Listen, Tip,\" he said, taking a step closer. He seemed very sure of himself, Oh noted, as the stranger stepped out of the shop they'd just passed. The two of them were visiting the mall together. Oh wanted some new books –to read, not eat, as Tip thought- and Tip needed some stuff for school. \"Gratuity,\" Tip snarled, and Oh snapped back to the conversation at hand. He was beginning to get worried now. \"What?\" the boy asked confused. \"It's Gratuity, for you, Leonardo ,\" she repeated, and took another step backwards. Oh stood his ground, and didn't notice that he was basically standing in front of his girl. The boy looked hurt. \"Hey, hey! Tip, come on, I've come to say sorry for what I did to you,\" he said, placing a hand on Oh's head, pushing him aside. He took a step closer to Tip. His gaze shifted from her eyes to her lips and back again. Till now, Oh had stayed in his position, even when the stranger pushed him aside. He knew that Tip could mostly take care of herself, and as long as she wasn't scared, that was no problem. Until now, she hadn't been, just a bit uncomfortable and a tad angered. Though whatever the boy had done, Tip was now slightly frightened. Not enough to actually care about, she probably didn't even notice it herself, but it was there. Oh's skin changed a bit, yellow and at times red stripes covering his body. He didn't interfere, however, since Tip still hadn't asked for help or anything. Some instincts flared to life in him when Leonardo stepped even closer, causing Tip's back to hit the wall behind her. Ancient thoughts sprung forth, thoughts like my territory , and possessive , but still, he didn't interfere. \" Nothing can make up for pushing me off a fucking building !\" Tip snarled desperately, and tried to push Leonardo in his chest. She exploded in held back fear, gritting her teeth. Something snapped inside of Oh, an old memory sparking to life and forgotten feelings flaring up. Oh didn't know that he'd moved, but suddenly Leonardo stumbled backwards and fell to the ground. Oh's skin had turned bright, hot red. \" You stay away from her !\" he growled, in English, pressing the Ithemba closer to the frightened boy's throat. You see, the Ithemba wasn't just a stick anymore. Oh'd… decorated it slightly, with sharp metal on both the spear part and the… knife part. Giving it a metal handle plus actually decoration here and there made it look like a deadly weapon. Something it of course was. \"Oh!\" Tip exclaimed. \" You fucking idiot!\" he growled, this time in something sounding eerily much like ancient Boovspeak, ignoring her. \" You pushed her off a fucking building!? Are you the same fucker who hurt her in her fucking past!?\" Again, he wasn't aware that he moved, but he'd apparently begun to hit the boy with the metal handle of the Ithemba. \"Oh!\" Tip cried, jumping forward and dragging him backwards again. \" Are you perhaps the same man-whore who put her in a bloody wheel-fucking-chair!?\" Oh snarled, trashing around in Tip's arms, trying to break free without hurting her. He wasn't even thinking anymore, and red fog was appearing in front of his eyes. Oh, calm down! This once, Oh refused to listen. His accusing turned into incoherent swearing, added with primitive growls and snarls. Through the red mist, Oh could catch a few other Boov talking together. \" What is he doing?\" \" I do not know. It sounds like ancient Boovspeak. Captain JLo must be really angry, to use such foul language.\" \" I think that boy tried to seduce his soulmate,\" \" Now that would explain it,\" You would've thought that hearing his captain name would've woken him up from his daze, but it didn't. All Oh could think was that the boy in front of him had hurt his precious Tip. \" You fucking crushed her whole fucking right side, you motherfucker!\" he cried again. \"Whoa, thanks, Tip,\" Leonardo muttered, breathless. \"That animal was really angry, gee,\" Oh stilled perfectly in Tip's arms as she did the same. \" Oh, no you did not,\" he said, gleefully. Tip let go. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE They didn't get in too much trouble. Tip dragged Oh away from Leonardo after a little bit, and told everyone that he'd slipped out of her grasp. Leonardo took all the blame (although it took a little bit of threatening). When Tip asked Oh why he'd reacted in such a way, his answer was a joyful one. 'I was to remember something. You, telling me about the mate class pushing you off a building, and- the random hugs. Kisses.' He was surprisingly proud of himself. Tip was even happier. Though, no one knew whether Oh would regain his memories or not. -? ? ?- A/N: And boom there you have it, the crappiest ending ever . Trust Me – Part Three Heroes, yet Again – Chapter Three, Red Glow of the Sun \"Hey Oh?\" Tip asked, poking her head into the room Oh was sitting in, fiddling with some sort of electronic device. His head turned so fast Tip winced, afraid that it might hurt. She caught the flicker of dark blue on his skin. However, tears were brought to her eyes as she locked gazes with him. It felt as if the Boov in front of her was a different one than the one she'd fallen in love with. The one that was her soulmate. Don't get me wrong, she was still deeply in love, but his expressions, his ways of talking- it was as if some things had never happened with him. With them. The worst part was that some days he was closer to the one she'd known before he lost his memories. Like the day, Toni had stumbled into their apartment, and just a few days ago, at the mall, when Leonardo suddenly made an appearance. Other days, he would hesitate to even touch her- as if they were strangers. This day was one of these. The eyes looking up on her were wrong- the deep green speckles were completely missing. Yes, she knew that her eyes had changed slightly, but she wasn't the only one. Oh's had changed, too. \"Mom's wondering if you'd like to go to the beach with me,\" she told him, stepping into the room. She ignored the impulse to hug him, to cuddle with him into tomorrow- her instincts were so torn between distancing herself from him and staying closer than ever that she didn't even know what to feel anymore. His face split into an unsure smile. \"Of course, I would be loving to go the beach,\" he said, getting up and stuffing away the device. His skin had taken a bit more blue-ish color than the purple she was used to. A part of her soul screamed in agony, while another part of her was completely silent about it all. He was depressed and she didn't know why, she didn't know what to feel , she didn't know what to think and bloody hell why couldn't someone else do this for her why the fuck couldn't an adult tell her it would be fine already- \"Sweet,\" she said. Both of them ignored what passed between them as Tip left the room, changing into appropriate clothes. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE They weren't even talking together anymore. They were just… walking. Silently. No jokes. No communicating. And the air had quickly taken on an awkward touch. The sun was beginning to dip towards the horizon, almost touching the water, almost turning the sky red. Almost telling of a new story, a new time, but not yet. She wasn't sure why, but the sight saddened her. Some sand found its way into Tip's sandal, but she savored the feeling. Next to the light breeze caressing her cheeks and moving her hair slightly, it reminded her about the fact that she was alive, things could become better, she was okay, he was okay, the problem was them- … the sand didn't help. \"You want to bathe? I want to bathe,\" Tip suddenly said, turning towards the water. She hadn't planned on this, but she needed to feel alive. Oh's eyes lit up, even though he raised a skeptical eyebrow. \"Is the water not cold?\" he asked, but it didn't stop Tip from quickly removing her creamy, summer dress. How convenient that she was wearing a swimming suit just beneath-! … okay, so maybe she had planned this. But she needed to know, dammit. She ignored Oh and ran into the water; diving forwards before letting her body realize that bloody hell but was the water cold . She slid through the water, the almost ice cold particles stinging her body, making her feel , actually feel , and in a few, short seconds everything was perfect, blissful, silent . But then her body couldn't take it anymore, and she surfaced. \"Whoah, okay, so that's a yes then, definitely cold,\" she muttered to herself, using one hand to remove her hair from her eyes so she could see well. She turned around to check if Oh was coming anytime soon, but was met with a confusing sight. The Boov was frozen just a few feet in the water, eyes glazed over and distant, even though they were fixed on her. \"…Oh?\" she asked, calling his name through the link. Please don't be hurt , she begged. Please let me wake up from this nightmare soon . He started, shaking his head. \"…Tip?\" he muttered, unconsciously pushing it through to her. A jolt of electricity sparked down Tip's spine, leaving her numb in a way the water couldn't, as she recognized the tone, the sound, his whole being . \"Oh-\" she breathed, and immediately begun swimming towards land again, trying to meet him half way as he dived into the water in an attempt to reach to her. She didn't ask how, didn't ask why, because that blissful feeling was back, and- Tip didn't have to see Oh's eyes to know that the green speckles were back. Besides, she didn't have the time to look for that. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE \"Mom!\" Tip cried, bolting through the door, hair still hanging wet in front of her face, water trailing down her body like she was some kind of- of goddess or something, and by god she wasn't thinking rationally, but- \"You have been gone for ages, young lady, the sun has set and it's dark outside- Tip, have you been swimming !?\" her mom asked, scandalized, as she ran into the hallway. \"Why have you been swimming, of all things?\" \"Mom, mom that's not important,\" Tip hurried to say, holding up her hands, and taking a step backwards. Without her permission, her lips broke out into a wide, impossible smile. \"…you're smiling,\" her mom realized, faltering right before starting her rant. \"You're smiling, why are you smiling, what happened-? Tippy, you're smiling, you haven't smiled for days, tell me what happened-!\" \"Look,\" Tip muttered, and opened the door to the hallway slightly, just a creak. \"What am I supposed to be looking at?\" her mom asked. \"This,\" the young girl answered, and held out her hand through the crack. When she brought it back, attached to it was a pink Boov smiling nervously. \"Hello, Mymom,\" Oh muttered, waving slightly with one hand. There was a short silence, before Lucy Tucci, Tip's mother burst into tears right in front of their eyes. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Later that night, when Tip had cried out all the tears she thought she had (and then cried a little bit more) and said 'I love you' until her throat felt sore, the strange couple found themselves on the roof again, morphed into one form, just a tangle of limbs. Tip smiled up at the sky. This was what she'd missed. This was what she'd needed. \"What made you remember?\" she muttered, her voice a mere whisper in the night, her chest raising and falling again as she breathed, waiting for an answer. Do you remember when we crossed the atlantics? Oh said over their link. A warmth spread through Tip's body. He didn't like to use the link while missing his memories, but now- Yeah , she told him. Remember I told you that I'd return? It took a few moments, she had to admit that. But then it clicked. Oh my God, Oh, she gasped, and sat up. He smiled at her. I don't know how, he admitted, but somehow it woke me up seeing you dive into the water like that, in a way that was eerily like the one I did. Tip listen fascinated as Oh told her about all the times he'd promised her that he'd always return, always come back, even when she didn't –or couldn't- hear. \"But- Oh…?\" He nodded silently, turning his head upwards to study the stars. \"Do you love me only because we're soulmates?\" she asked, and curled up next to him. He started, before shooting her a shocked look. \"Of course not,\" he told her. \"The soulmating made it possibility, yes, but I fell for you all on my own,\" She wasn't sure why it was such a relief. She couldn't explain it, but it was there, the relief. \"How can I make you sure that I love you, you know, besides the link?\" Oh smiled softly, moving so he sat directly in front of her. I know that's not the case , he told her gently, and pressed his lips to hers in a short second before pulling back. The link doesn't create any feelings. For the bonding to work, the words you speak have to be true. Besides, it only strengthens the feelings, it doesn't create new ones. They were silent for a few seconds, before Oh added a small besides, I can see it in your eyes. Tip could feel Oh's relief reflecting in her own as she looked seriously at him. \"Oh, I love you so freaking much right now, okay? Don't you ever dare doubt that,\" she whispered, and shifted so she sat at her knees. They sat in silence a few more seconds. \"Oh, I-\" \"Shh… I know,\" he muttered, reaching out and placing a hand on her cheek, caressing it, pushing away hair from her face, looking into her eyes. In the brief light from the lamps just down on the street, Tip could see the blue in his skin clearer now. Normally, it was almost not noticeable, and she doubted he even knew about it. But it was there , the proof that he'd been depressed, even if it was only for a short while. Proof that she hadn't been there for him when he needed her. \"I was missing you, too,\" he muttered, and leaned in to press his lips softly against hers. Tip reached out after him, hungry. If she couldn't be there for him then, she would be even stronger there now. She didn't need the cold water anymore, she decided. This was more than enough. -End Trust Me- A/n: and there you have it! Boy, this has been a long ride. And a pretty bad one, too, but- you know, this is the first actual one hundred percent serious fanfiction I've published and finished, I- I'm proud! ","Summary":" A/n: Sorry this took so long, I was doing something important *Doofenshmirtz evil incorparateeeeed~"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Mirror, mirror, on the wall, who's the weirdest of them all?","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12090386","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The story behind this fanfiction is actually kinda funny. So, you know, I was watching the Home movie (Many, many many – maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaany times. No, seriously. Once every day the last week. At least.), and then at one point I was like- waitwaitwait. What if. There's soulmates in the midle of this? So my mind told me 'Seriously? You are unbelievebal', but my fangirl had woken up, soooooooo. Well. Yeah. Over to more important stuff. Kinda. This one-shot can anten be held as- well. An one-shot! But it can also be the prolouge to a nother story. If you know what I mean. Okay, you know what, just- just move on, please, I'm rambling. Again. Oh had never been a normal Boov. Already when he was in the baking oven he'd been lovin' life and all his… friends. He never missed anything, never needed anything. Or any one. He believed that what he felt was normal for Boovs, that it was normal to feel like his head was too large, his heart too empty and like he could never eat enough to fill up his heavy stomach. When he was younger, he could tolerate the feeling pretty well. He managed to live with it, and the times heg ot lost in himself were rare. However, when he grew older, it became harder and harder to ignore, and when he was alone, it was impossible. That was why and when he begun searching out to other Boovs, seaking their company. When he pretended that he could love and was loved, the feeling ceased. Oh never understood how the others could bare the feeling, or why they didn't like company. Surely, they didn't like the feeling? The day the Boovs moved to Smekland, Oh was surprised to find that the feeling ceased. He decided it had to be something about 'Home'. The feeling must be something that urged a Boov to run away, hide, and find safety. Yes, that must be right. (And it sort of was, too, but not in the way Oh thought) He never asked someone about what to do, because surely, this was something everyone knew how to deal with? Of course they did, and Oh didn't want to be different. (If he only knew) When the Boovs moved into apartments, Oh's feeling ceased even more. It never ceased much, but it wasn't straight out impossible to ignore it. It was weird that a humansperson would make the feeling cease down to how it was when he was young, a wonderfull feeling. Oh never drew the dots together, he never understood that it was Gratuity 'Tip' Tucci who made him feel almost whole, almost complete. Of course, the feeling never dissappeared, but it faded into the feeling from his youth, with the blizzfull ignorance. Oh never knew it, but because of that, he loved her. Because she ceased his pain, even without trying, Oh loved the silly humansperson girl almost instantly. He did, eventually, realize he loved her, don't get me wrong, but he never understood the reason. But you know what? He was perfectly happy. ","Summary":" The story behind this fanfiction is actually kinda funny. So, you know, I was watching the Home mov"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Sharing","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12132793","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Boov were not a species who cared much about feelings, and because they rarely got friendly with each other, they rarely shared stuff. Of course, they shared food, living space and those kind of things, while others, like clothes, Boovphones or weapons, things they didn't need to share, they rarely shared. If they actually did it, it was an indication of strong friendship, or even deeper feelings. Oh knew this. Oh also knew that humans shared much, almost everything. Despite knowing this, when Tip shared the stick he used for a weapon- he was Boov at heart, and Tip'd just proven their friendship. He knew for sure, now, how he felt. He loved her, and he knew it. ","Summary":" The Boov were not a species who cared much about feelings, and because they rarely got friendly wit"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Prom Night Disaster","Author":"SilverBlueBeauty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12668078","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carrie looked around the room and couldn't believe what had just happened. Blood was pouring from her head and it dribbled down her face and her beautiful homemade gown. She lowered her hands away from her face and saw everybody's stunned faces as they applause decreased. Carrie looked at Mr. Fromm and Miss Collins and saw their shocked expressions. Miss Collins was particular upset as she was so happy for Carrie and was having a wonderful evening with Tommy. Blood dripped from Carrie's hands and Tommy looked at her stunned expression, not caring that his tuxedo was half covered in pigs blood. ''Carrie?'' She was too shocked to reply and looked as if she was going to cry. Tommy turned toward the audience staring up at them, anger building up inside him. ''Who did this?!'' He yelled. ''Who's idea was it to have a bucket full of blood up on the ceiling and dump it right where Carrie is stood?'' The audience looked around at each other, questioning about who is responsible for the incident. ''It was Chris Hargensen and Billy Nolan!'' Everyone turned back to see Sue entering the room from where Miss Collins had thrown her out. The students were shocked at the accusation. ''Chris and Billy were hiding under the stage. That's what I came to warn you about but Miss Collins threw me out. Check under the stage if you don't believe me.'' Sue pointed to the stage and Tommy and Miss Collins were quick to check under the stage but nobody was there apart from the rope that was attached to the bucket. Tommy grabbed the rope and all the other students started murmuring to each other. Miss Collins looked at the rope in Tommy's hands and stared in disbelief. ''Chris and Billy must've snuck in here before we did.'' Miss Collins turned to the murmuring students. ''Anybody know anything about this? Did anyone else see Chris and Billy sneak in here and plant that bucket of blood on the ceiling?'' Miss Collins darted her eyes to Norma, who smirked slightly. ''What about you, Norma? I know you and Chris play nasty little tricks to torment Carrie. Did you see Chris and Billy sneak in here, or were involved in this as well?'' Norma tried to appear innocent but the smirk on her face gave it away. ''I don't know what your talking about Miss Collins.'' Miss Collins was in front of Norma in a heartbeat. ''Yes you do. I can see the guilt written all over your pretty little face.'' Norma bite her lip and looked down to the floor, still smirking. ''You can wipe that smile off your face because as far as me and the school are concerned, you've ruined the prom for everyone.'' Norma continued to stare at the floor as Miss Collins looked down at her, disapprovingly. ''I hope your proud of yourself, Norma. I hope you and anyone else that's involved besides Chris and Billy, are proud of yourselves. The prom is cancelled.'' Miss Collins walked away as the students gasped in disbelief and threw insults at Norma under their breaths. The principle Mr Morton stood on the stage and announced that the prom was over and the students gasped and moaned about the night being cancelled. ''Everyone please exit the gymnasium in orderly fashion.'' Mr Morton asked and as everyone started to leave Norma began to exit too. Mr Morton pointed out toward Norma. ''Except for you, Norma. I'll deal with you in my office.'' Norma looked back at the stage and saw Tommy walking toward her. ''Nice one, Norma. You and Chris just can't let Carrie be happy can you? For once she felt like she belonged, but you two had to go and ruin that, didn't you?'' Tommy began to walk away but turned back and leaned close toward Norma. ''Your a piece of shit, Norma. You and Chris. Don't you forget that.'' Tommy went with the other students as they left the prom. Norma looked up at the stage to see the bucket hanging above from where Carrie was stood but noticed Carrie was gone. Miss Collins stood in front of the girls bathroom and found a bloodied handprint on the door. She carefully opened the door and walked inside, hearing the faint sound of a girl sobbing. She wondered to the source of the sound and stood in front of the cubicle, knocking on the door. ''Carrie? Carrie sweetie, it's me. Can you open the door for me please?'' Carrie unlocked the door and found Miss Collins stood before her. Miss Collins looked at her sadly. ''Oh, sweetie. I'm sorry about what happened.'' Carrie sniffed. ''It's okay, Miss Collins.'' ''No, it's not Carrie. You was enjoying yourself. You was having a lovely time with Tommy but those girls had to go and ruin things for you. They couldn't stand to see you and happy and people like Norma and Chris don't deserve to be in the prom. The only thing they deserve is tough punishments and long term suspension.'' Carrie looked at her, tears forming in her eyes. ''I thought I belonged, Miss Collins. I was being accepted for who I am. But I guess I don't deserve to fit in anywhere.'' ''Yes, you do, Carrie. Don't let me catch you saying things like that because you do belong here. You deserve to be a part of this school just as much as everyone else. Nasty people like Norma and Chris just can't accept that and that's their problem.'' Carrie darted her eyes to the floor just as a tear rolled down her cheek. ''Take my hand, Carrie.'' Carrie took Miss Collins hand and allowed her to lead her toward the sink. Miss Collins took a cloth and rinsed it under some water. ''Close your eyes for me, Carrie.'' Carrie did as she was told and Miss Collins carefully wiped away the blood from her eyes. ''Let's get this blood of your face so you can see better.'' Miss Collins gently dabbed the cloth around Carrie's eyes and the blood started to disappear. ''I have a change of clothes that should fit you. You can grab a shower from the locker room and I'll take your dress home with me and I'll see what I can do about getting the blood out.'' Miss Collins pulled the cloth away from Carrie's face. ''Okay, sweetie?'' She held her at arms length and Carrie nodded, staring down at the floor. ''Okay. Go grab a shower, Carrie and I'll bring them change of clothes for you.'' She still held her at arms lengths as Carrie stared at the floor. ''Okay. Thank you, Miss Collins.'' Miss Collins smiled softly and leaned forward to leave a little peck on Carrie's forehead. ''Your welcome, Carrie. Now go on. Get yourself cleaned up. We'll have a little chat when your done.'' Carrie wondered over to the door and began to leave for the locker room. Miss Collins watched her and after Carrie had gone, she covered her face with her hand. She couldn't believe anyone could treat another human being like this and it made her sad to think anyone who harm a sweet soul like Carrie. She wiped her face with her hand and threw the bloodied cloth in the sink and marched toward the door. She had a few people to deal with. ''You were aware of what was about to happen. You were aware that Carrie White and Tommy Ross were going to be announced as prom king and queen.'' Mr Morton was in his office and he and Miss Collins spoke to Norma to get a good idea of why they had planned the prank they did. Norma nodded. ''We knew that Carrie was going to be prom queen because we had…'' Norma looked down to the floor. ''Fixed the votes.'' ''What do you mean you fixed the votes, Norma? Everyone got to chose who they wanted for prom king and queen so how did you fixed the votes?''Norma looked up at Miss Collins who stood beside Mr Morton's chair, arms folded disapprovingly. Norma bit her lip. ''We had extra copies of the vote sheet printed and me and Chris voted for Carrie. I had the sheets given to me after I collected everyone else's votes from the table.'' ''What did you do with the real votes then, Norma?'' Mr Morton asked as Norma bit her lip again. ''I hid them under the stage, so it would make it out that everyone voted for Carrie White and Tommy Ross and that Carrie would be hit by a bucket of blood.'' Norma looked away as Miss Collins and Mr Morton looked at each other and then back to Norma. ''Where did you get the blood from, Norma?'' ''I don't know where the blood came from. That part was up to Chris and Billy Nolan.'' ''Miss Watson?'' Norma looked at Mr Morton. ''I've decided that you'll receive a weeks detention in Miss Collins gym class, until further notice. Do you understand?'' Norma nodded her head. ''Until we deal with Miss Hargensen and Mr Nolan I can guarantee that all three of you and anyone else involved with will receive three weeks suspension. I now want you to go back to the gymnasium and help clean up that mess. We're done for now.'' Norma got up from her seat and left the office. Miss Collins watched her leave, shaking her head. ''I can't understand why anyone could treat Carrie the way they did. I mean, what excitement do they get treating Carrie in the most vile way possible. Carrie's never done anything to them. She's a sweet girl who wouldn't hurt a fly.'' Mr Morton looked at her. ''Where is Casey, Miss Collins?'' ''Carrie.'' She corrected him. ''I found her in the bathroom crying. I talked her a little bit and told her to get herself cleaned up in the showers. I left her a spare change of clothes of mine she can borrow.'' ''Right, well if that's sorted.'' Mr Morton got up from his seat. ''I'm going to go make sure Miss Watson's cleaning up that mess.'' Miss Collins nodded her understanding. ''I better check on Carrie as well. Get her that change of clothes I said she could wear.'' Mr Morton nodded. ''Very well. Goodnight, Miss Collins.'' Mr Morton began to leave. ''Goodnight.'' After Mr Morton had left, Miss Collins looked to a cigarette in the ashtray that hadn't been put out. She picked up the cigarette and took a big puff before putting it out and leaving the office. Miss Collins walked down the corridor and found Carrie sat on a bench outside the locker room. Her hair was damp from the shower and she was wearing the clothes kindly given to her by Miss Collins. She had left them out for Carrie before she went to Mr Morton's office. ''Are you okay, Carrie?'' She asked as she sat down beside her. Carrie quickly looked at her before turning away. ''I'm fine.'' ''Do you feel any better now that you've got yourself cleaned up?'' Miss Collins watched her closely, knowing she was still in shock and humiliated about the prom. ''A little bit.'' She said softly. Miss Collins gently pulled away her hair that was hiding her face and tucked it behind her ear. ''I'm really sorry about what happened, Carrie. You deserve so much more that. You deserve to be prom queen and have Tommy at your side as he made you feel special. He thinks your special just as much as I do.'' She laid her hand on Carrie's shoulder and Carrie looked at her. ''You think I'm special?'' She asked, slightly confused. ''I don't think, Carrie. I know your special. Your one of the sweetest people I know and your never have a bad word to say about anyone.'' Carrie swallowed her pride. ''If I don't have anything bad about anyone then why do they have to say bad things about me?'' Carrie asked, upset. ''Because they don't have anything better to do with their lives than make yours a misery. People like Chris and Norma are jealous that you have a sweet and caring personality and they can't stand to see a beautiful girl like you be happy.'' She tucked a piece of hair behind Carrie's ear. ''I'm not beautiful or special, Miss Collins.'' ''Yes you are Carrie. You've got to believe that you are beautiful, you've got to be more positive about yourself and believe that you are special. Your mother might not think that but I do. I know beauty when I see it.'' Carrie smiled a little, causing Miss Collins to laugh softly. ''See. That's a beautiful girl right there.'' Carrie looked away, feeling flush in her cheeks. ''Oh, come here, you big silly.'' Miss Collins wrapped her arm around Carrie and pulled her in for a hug, one around around her shoulders while the other soothed her hair. ''I'm sorry about tonight, sweetie. I'm amazed at how well you've coped with what happened with the bucket of blood.'' Carrie smiled softly. ''Thank you, Miss Collins.'' Carrie pulled back and Miss Collins cupped her face in her hands. ''Your welcome, sweetie.'' She smiled and planted a kiss on Carrie's forehead.[Chapter 2] ''Lets's get you home now shall we, Carrie?'' Miss Collins asked as she held Carrie's face in her hands. Carrie looked worried. ''I don't want to go home, Miss Collins.'' Miss Collins dropped her hands to her lap, slightly confused and concerned. ''Why? Is it because of your mother?'' Carrie bit her lip, slowly nodding her head. ''Carrie I know what your mothers like and Mr Morton told me I can't interfere with your mother's beliefs and I respect that, but if your mothers forcing you to do things that you don't want you should tell somebody.'' Carrie dropped her head and her hair fell to cover her face. Miss Collins tucked her hair behind her ear. ''If you talk to me, Carrie I can help you. I can't interfere with her beliefs but what I can do is listen and try to help you in anyway I can. I can help by taking you home with me. That way you can get a break from your mother and we can talk some more.'' Carrie took a few minutes to think about Miss Collins offer. ''What about my mama?'' She asked, worried about her mother. Miss Collins could hear the fear in her voice. ''You leave your mother to me, Carrie. I want to make sure your safe from harms way. Let me take you back to my place, sweetie.'' Carrie nodded her head. ''Okay.'' She whispered. ''Okay? Come on, Carrie let's get you up.'' Miss Collins stood to her feet and grabbed Carrie's arm to help her stand up. She kept a protective arm around Carrie's shoulders as they walked down the corridor. ''Just remember, Carrie. As long as your with me, your safe.'' Carrie smiled a little. ''Thank you, Miss Collins.'' '' Thank you, Miss Collins. '' The women stopped in their tracks at the sudden voice that came out of nowhere. Miss Collins and Carrie stared at the end of the corridor and a woman walked into plain sight. Chris Hargensen revealed herself as the mysterious voice and stood with her arms crossed as she glared at Carrie and the older woman. ''Did you enjoy being prom queen, Carrie? I hope you did because it should have been me on that stage and not you, you skinny little bitch.'' ''That is enough, Hargensen.'' Warned Miss Collins. ''Oh, but I'm not finished yet, Miss Collins.'' Chris smiled innocently but her smile dropped when the gym teacher marched toward her. ''Well, I say you are, Hargensen. One more word out of that pretty little mouth and I will knock you down, do you understand me?'' Chris glared at Miss Collins as she repeated the same words from before. Miss Collins looked down at her as she spoke calmly. ''I should march you down to Mr Morton's office right now and there you can explain why you, Billy and Norma did what you did to Carrie. But then again, Norma told me and Mr Morton what you had planned and how you manage to it before prom. We now need to know why you did it, Chris. We need to hear your part of the story.'' Chris continued to glare and Miss Collins. ''Not talking, Hargensen? Well, I'll get started for you. Throwing tampons and sanity pads at Carrie in the showers wasn't good enough for you was it? So you thought dropping a bucket of blood on Carrie in front of the entire school would be the perfect humiliation. Was it satisfying enough for you, Chris? Did you get the thrill you was looking for? Oh, wait, I guess you didn't because you couldn't resist coming back and causing more misery for Carrie, could you?'' ''The bitch deserves it.'' Chris raised her voice a little. Miss Collins raised her eyebrows. ''Oh, she deserves it, does she?'' She intimated Chris last words which made Chris a little more tense. ''She does fucking deserve it because she got me banned from the prom.'' ''Who's fault is it then that they got themselves banned from the prom in the first place?'' Chris scowled at Miss Collins as she continued to speak. ''Face it, Hargensen. You've only got yourself to blame. It's your own fault you got banned from the prom and nobody else's. Not mine, not Sue's, not Tommy's and certainly not Carrie's.'' Miss Collins looked down at Chris and saw her face build up tension. She spoke more softly. ''Now I want you and Billy, if she's still with you, to go back to the gymnasium and help Norma clear up that mess you've made. I'll be sure to check Mr Morton deals with you and Billy tomorrow and that you'll both receive weeks of suspension.'' She searched the anger in Chris eyes. ''Just remember, Hargensen. You brought this on yourself.'' Chris raised her hand to slap Miss Collins in the face but the gym teacher was quick to act and caught Hargensen's flying hand before it reached her face and Carrie jumped a little at the near assault. Chris gasped at Miss Collins quick thinking of self defence. ''Really, Hargensen? Do you think hitting me will make you feel better?'' ''It made you feel better when you hit me, you bitch.''Chris shouted as tried to pull her hand away from Miss Collins grip. She shook her head. ''No, it didn't, Hargensen. You know the consequences of hitting a teacher. Do you really want to hit me, Chris?'' Chris scowled at her teacher and forced her hand away from Miss Collins grip. ''I didn't think so.'' Miss Collins wrapped her arm around Carrie's shoulders and escorted her down the corridor, leaving Chris stood on her own. She took a deep breath and turned around to watch Miss Collins and Carrie walk away. ''This isn't over, Miss Collins. This isn't over by a long shot, you fucking bitch!'' Chris shouted and cursed at the gym teacher. Miss Collins simply looked at Chris and back again and carried on walking down the corridor. Carrie and Miss Collins walked through the fire exit doors and landed in the gymnasium and Carrie stopped and looked at where she and Tommy were stood. The bucket of red was still hanging from the ceiling and a member of staff accompanied Norma while she cleaned up the bloodied stage. Norma stopped was she was doing and turned to see Carrie and Miss Collins. ''Carrie?'' The gym teacher gently grabbed Carrie by her shoulders. ''Carrie, sweetie. Let's go. Let's get you home.'' Carrie stood for a moment as her mind went back to the incident and it replayed inside her mind. She started to slowly move her feet. ''That's it, Carrie. Let's get take you home.'' Carrie allowed Miss Collins to lead her out of the gymnasium, her head still looking back at the stage as she walked away. The next thing she knew she was inside the teachers car and she was driving them away from the school. All the other teachers cars were long gone as most of them had left after the prom was cancelled. It was a slow drive to Miss Collins and as she pulled up outside the house, Carrie studied the little house on her side. It was a small house but big enough to hold a family of four, or six even but all the same she thought it was a lovely little house. Carrie was about the open the door when Miss Collins opened it for her and held it open. She quietly thanked the kind woman as she got out of the car and walked over to the house. Miss Collins unlocked the door of the house and held it open to allow Carrie to walk inside. She looked over to the descent sized living room that was close to the kitchen. She had never seen a place looking so pretty and organised. Carrie gripped tightly on the sweater that was much too big for her and wondered into the living room. Miss Collins hung up her coat and watched Carrie for a moment. ''Can I get you anything, Carrie? A glass of water or a cup of tea?'' She asked as Carrie looked at her. ''Can I have a glass of water please?'' ''Course you can. Sit down and make yourself comfortable. I'll be with you in a minute.'' Miss Collins went into the kitchen and left Carrie to inspect the spacious living room. She sat down on the wide space couch, still gripping the large sweater. She looked at the mantel that had countless picture frames and a small white candle of each end. She stared a picture which she thought to herself was a photograph of a young Miss Collins. It was probably taken when she was in high school. Carrie continued to study the picture as Miss Collins came back with a glass of water in one hand and a cup of tea in the other. ''There you go, Carrie.'' She placed the glass of water on the coffee table in front of them. ''Thank you.'' Carrie picked up the glass and took a sip as Miss Collins looked at the picture that caught Carrie's eye. She smiled to herself. ''That picture was taken when I was in high school.'' She explained. Carrie placed her glass on the coffee table. ''I was a pretty good runner and did well in gym class. That's what made me want to be a gym teacher. I just love the exercise and it always gets your heart going. That picture was taken just before a big run we did. I came second, which wasn't too bad. Could've done better though.'' She took a sip of tea while Carrie looked at the picture again. ''You look really pretty in that picture, Miss Collins.'' Miss Collins set her mug down on the table. ''Thank you, Carrie. I looked dreadful after'' She and Carrie laughed softly. Miss Collins looked at her, Carrie was still looking at the pictures. ''You've got a beautiful smile, Carrie.'' Carrie looked at her and then back, blushing slightly. ''Thanks.'' Miss Collins smiled at her shy reaction. ''You don't have to look away when your blushing, Carrie. That's your natural reaction and I respect that. I just want you to know you don't have to hide away from me.'' Although, Carrie was still blushing a little she forced herself to look at her teacher. ''I know. Thank you, Miss Collins.'' The kind teacher smiled again but then it dropped when something she wanted to ask came into her mind. She breathed deeply. ''Carrie there's something I want to ask you and it's okay if you don't want to talk about because I respect that but I was wondering you could talk to me about your mother. Maybe I could help if you talk to me.'' Carrie sat still for a moment, all the things her mother had done or said running through her mind. ''Carrie?'' Miss Collins called her name. 'Carrie whatever it is your struggling to tell me I promise I can help you.'' Miss Collins took Carrie's hand in hers as she saw her eyes dwell with tears. Carrie turned to look at the older woman and Miss Collins felt her heart break when she saw the tears in Carrie's eyes. ''What's wrong, Carrie?'' She gently squeezed Carrie's hand. ''Tell me.'' Carrie gulped, the feeling as though her heart was in her throat made her feel worse. She rolled her eyes to the floor just as a tear rolled down her cheek. ''My mama.'' She looked up at Miss Collins as she gulped again. ''My mama hurts me.''[Chapter 3] ''Your mother hurts you?'' Miss Collins asked, stunned at Carrie's revelation. She nodded her head. ''How does she hurt you?'' Miss Collins gently squeezed Carrie's hand when she saw her hesitate. ''You can talk to me, Carrie. You can trust me, you know that.'' Carrie bit her lip as she inhaled softly. ''She just hurts me.'' ''What? Physically?'' Miss Collins asked. Carrie nodded her head. ''What does she do to you, Carrie? Tell me.'' Carrie swallowed her pride, trying to fight the tears forming in her eyes. ''If I don't do what she says she locks me in the praying closet and forces me to pray for forgiveness. She'll make me stay in there for hours, days even if she's in a bad mood. Other days mama will beat me with a bible until she thinks I've learned my lesson. Sometimes she'll beat me until I pass out.'' Miss Collins looked at her with an expression of seriousness and sadness. She could hear the fear in Carrie's voice and her stomach churned at the thought of Carrie's mother beating her to a plump. She watched her carefully as Carrie continued, her even quieter. ''But the beatings not the worse thing because sometimes she locks me out of the house if I've done something bad. She makes me stay out for hours. Sometimes she'll make me stay out for a day or two if it's cold or raining outside. It depends on what mood she's in.'' Carrie felt a cold shiver as she re-encountered a memory of being out in the cold. Miss Collins noticed her shudder. ''Are you cold, Carrie? Do you want me to get you another sweater?'' Carrie shook her head. ''I'm fine, thank you.'' ''Okay. Are you alright to continue? I understand that this is difficult for you to talk about.'' Carrie wiped her eye with her free hand, nodding her head. ''The one thing she does most of the time is hit me with the end of a knife.'' ''She does what?'' Miss Collins intervened, not raising her voice or anything as she didn't want to frighten Carrie. Carrie looked at her. ''She hits me with the end of a knife. If it cut me and I bled mama would say that God is punishing me for my sins.'' Carrie looked away from her teacher to stare at the floor. Miss Collins swallowed hard as she felt tears forming in her own eyes. The thought of Carrie being treated like she was nothing made her sick with anger but it more made her heart break to think anyone could treat their own daughter the way that Margaret has. She looked at the young girl sat beside her. ''Carrie?'' She called her name gently. Carrie didn't look at her but Miss Collins knew she was listening. ''Carrie why does your mother treat you like this? I know she comes from a strict religion but…'' Miss Collins inhaled deeply, biting her lip. ''It doesn't mean she should treat you the way she does. I mean, how your mother treats you, Carrie. It's not parenting. It's abuse. A girl as sweet as you shouldn't be treated that way and it breaks my heart to think what terrible things your mother has done to you.'' She let go of Carrie's hand to tuck the girl's hair behind her ear. ''Why does your mother treat you like this, Carrie?'' She asked as she saw a tear roll down Carrie's cheek. Carrie stared at the floor. ''Because I'm a sin. Mama said I was born out of sin and to her everything I do is a sin.'' Carrie's voice quivered. Miss Collins watched sadly as Carrie was on the verge of tears. ''Mama even locked me in the closet after I told her about the girls laughing at me in the shower.'' Carrie sobbed as she covered her face with her hands. ''Oh, Carrie.'' Miss Collins signed, wrapping her arm around Carrie's shoulder and pulling the broken girl to her, allowing her to cry. She rubbed Carrie's shoulder while using her hand other to hold the girl's head, gently laying her chin on Carrie's head. Hearing the girls cries broke her heart. ''Shh, it's okay, Carrie. It's okay. Your safe with me, sweetheart.'' She said, stroking the girl's hair for comfort. Carrie cried against her. ''I'm sorry.'' She sobbed. Miss Collins closed her eyes. ''Shh. It's okay, Carrie. You've got nothing to be sorry about. Your mother should have understood how you felt about the shower incident. She should have talked to you rather than lock you in a closet but because of how she is, she chose to punish you instead and I know myself that isn't fair.'' She felt Carrie's body shake between sobs. ''There is something I will say to you, Carrie and I want you to remember this.'' Miss Collins pulled back so she could look at Carrie and cupped her face in her hands, noticing the tear stains on her cheek. Carrie looked up to meet the kind woman's eyes. ''You are not a sin or a mistake, Carrie. I believe your mother was forced to have you and she see's you as a sin because of that but that's no excuse for her to treat you the way she does. You are a pretty girl with a kind soul and it makes me mad to think that not only does your mother mistreat you but the girls at school have to as well.'' Miss Collins saw a tear and wiped it away with her thumb. ''I want you to remember, Carrie that you are not a mistake but a blessing. I want you to remember that you are special and important, at least you are to me. I'm going to have a word with your mother but until then your staying with me where your safe. Okay?'' Carrie nodded slowly. ''Thank you, Miss Collins.'' She said quietly. ''Your welcome, sweetie.'' Smiled Miss Collins. Carrie leaned forward and pulled the kind woman in for a hug. Miss Collin held Carrie to her and as she laid her chin on the girl's head, her smile fell and as she closed her eyes a tear rolled down her face. She knew they were from the thoughts of Carrie being mistreated and abused but as she stroked Carrie's hair she smiled to herself, knowing that as long as Carrie was with her she was safe. The embrace would last a few more minutes until Miss Collins offered Carrie a room to sleep. She lead Carrie to her spare room and even lent her a pair of pyjamas that she knew was going to be a little too big for Carrie's tiny frame. She told Carrie if she needed anything at all just give her a call but Carrie slept peacefully that night and she thought it was nice that for once she could get a full night sleep without any constant fear of her mother bursting in during the night. Carrie knew she was safe as long as she was with Miss Collins. The door openly slightly the next morning and Miss Collins poked her head through the door as she looked for the sleeping form in the guest bedroom. Carrie was still asleep. Miss Collins snuck inside and tip toed around the room. She walked to Carrie's bedside and left a note on the bedside drawer and studied the sleeping girl. She thought Carrie had never looked so peaceful but she deserved some peace, especially after last night at the prom and then Hargensen sticking her big nose in. Miss Collins reached out and brushed the hair out of Carrie's face before quietly leaving the room. As she walked down the stairs she grabbed her blue hoodie and keys before leaving the house. It was a sunny morning so she thought she would go for a quick run before breakfast. She only hoped to get back before Carrie wakes up. Miss Collins jogged down the footpath and came to a stop, breathing heavily. She checked her watch and she added she had been running for nearly 20 mins and decided to take a break to catch her breath. It was a beautiful morning and the light breeze was welcoming to her face. She did a few stretches while catching her breath and didn't see the dark haired woman watching her from inside the house. The woman watched as Miss Collins began jogging on the spot and the woman began to make her way outside to the teacher. ''Shouldn't you be doing that in class?'' A sudden voice called from the house, startling Miss Collins. She looked at the dark haired woman stood outside the house who began walking toward the teacher. Miss Collins stood with her hands on her hips. ''Not when I'm not teaching today because it's a saturday, plus I'm free to run around the neighbourhood because it's a free country. No one around here has a problem with me running around the streets.'' The woman was stood in front of the teacher, only having the gate as a barrier between them. Miss Collins noted the woman's blank expression. ''No one else might have a problem with you running around here, but I do.'' The woman's voice was stern and a little abrupt. ''In future, either do your running in your backyard or in the school. The Lord wouldn't like how you call this a free country.'' Miss Collins bit her lip, thinking. ''Your Carrie White's mother aren't you? Margaret White, isn't it?'' ''Yes.'' Margaret confirmed. ''And you are?'' She asked abruptly. ''I'm Carrie's gym teacher, Miss Collins. I invited Carrie to spend the night at my house yesterday as prom was cancelled after an incident involving a couple of students. I thought I should let you know where she spent the night just in case you got worried.'' Miss Collins informed Margaret. She watched as her expression remained emotionless. ''What happened at the prom?'' Margaret glared at Miss Collins. ''A couple of school girls played a nasty trick on Carrie and it's the very same ones who bullied your daughter about the shower incident. I'm surprised that seeing as your Carrie's mother you don't seem one bit concerned about your daughter. But then again it doesn't surprise me actually after what Carrie told me you do to her from time to time.'' Margaret's expression remained blank but a sensation of anger slowly began to build from within. ''What did she tell you?'' Miss Collins leaned closer to Margaret's face. ''Enough for me and the school to make sure she doesn't come back home to where she knows she's not wanted. Enough to make sure she doesn't come back to a mother like you.'' Miss Collins left a soft warning to the abusive mother. Margaret's face filled with anger. ''You don't get to threaten me. You don't know me.'' She said quietly through grinding teeth, trying to contain her rising hatred of the gym teacher. Miss Collins spoke softly. ''I'm not threatening you, Margaret. I'm warning you. The terrible things you have done to Carrie is enough for the authorities to take her away from you but I'm not going to let that happen. If the worse had to come I would take care of Carrie and you would have nothing to do with her because a mother doesn't deserve to have a wonderful girl like Carrie. I mean, what sort of mother hits her own daughter with a knife until she bleeds?'' ''It is the Lord's way of punishment for her sins that cannot be undone.'' Margaret shook with anger while taking in the gym teacher's harsh words. Miss Collins looked her down. ''Well, you might think that, Margaret but I don't and neither does Carrie. A girl like Carrie deserves a better mother than you.'' Miss Collins inhaled deeply, grinding her teeth. ''I'm not going to be the one who takes her away from you but I will be the one who's willing to take better care of Carrie. I want you to remember than she deserves so much more in life and you will never be able to imagine the humiliation she felt at the school prom.'' She warned softly without raising her voice. Margaret glared at Miss Collins as her anger began to reach boiling point while taking in the gym teacher's criticism. She spoke quietly. ''Get away from my house now and never comeback here.'' Miss Collins studied the anger raising in her face and look down at her for a moment before taking off and continuing her jog back to the house. Margaret who was still shaking with anger rushed back into the house. She made her way through the dark house and went inside the praying closet. She knelt down and lit a candle next to the statue of Jesus paled onto a cross. ''Please forgive me, Lord. For I have sinned.'' She whispered. ''Please forgive me, Lord. For I have sinned.'' Margaret sat in the closet while praying forgiveness and continued doing so until she felt the Lord had forgiven her sins. ","Summary":" Carrie looked around the room and couldn't believe what had just happened. Blood was pouring from h"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Music to my toungue","Author":"AsparagusWriting","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10529902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Please Review, I would like to have some advice on writing. Also, on my youtube I recorded a song for this chapter, and I am thinking of doing that for every chapter. user/AsparagusWriting Life was easy. I had a stable easy job, in my dad's bistro, and a good social life. I trained every day, and because I worked in a bistro, I didn't have much trouble finding food. I found myself in a routine. Luckily I was able to using music to escape, so to speak, from my regular life. I played guitar for at least five years, and I was always on the stage at parties. I found myself in a rut of music as well, unfortunately… It was always the same music. We had a few different genres, but most rats liked dancing to the same type of song sadly. It's like an author always writing the same book really. Everything changed one day. It was a party arranged by Django. The band was playing some originals, and people seemed to like it. It was a bit scary at first, because we had a new drummer, but when we started playing those scares left our minds. There was a point in the song where I didn't have to play, so I looked at the partying rats for a second. Dad was telling some story. Probably about finding a new herb or something. I rolled my eyes. Emile, my uncle, was eating something that looked rather nice. I was very hungry, because we had been playing non-stop for 2 hours or something. Django was talking quite fanatically to a strange rat I hadn't seen before. I asked my bassist, but the rat was also a stranger to him. It was weird, but I had to play a solo. I wish I paid more attention that moment… First thing I noticed was everyone running away, even the band stopped playing mid-song. I picked up my guitar and amp and ran with them. As I was running I saw what happened. Django was shot in the head. We ran to the hiding holes that were made in the walls. Mostly used for when the health inspector came by, they really came in handy this time. I ran right into the streets of Paris for a few blocks until I found a spot I felt save. I sat there for a solid hour. Reminded of a human song, I played Sound of Silence, by Simon and Garfunkel. It helped me calm my loneliness and hunger. \"Is everybody present?\" Remy asked the troops, when he returned to the bistro. \"They can't find Guillaume.\" One of the counting rats answered. Remy walked around in frustration. \"What should we do with the shooter?\" One of the soldiers asked. \"Interrogate him.\" He said, raising a smile. \"And then… let the rats take care of him.\" It was cold in the night. I found some garbage to eat, but still felt very lonely. I looked down the street to see where I was, but, to my terror, I was lost. I walked around until the sunrise, but it felt like I was only going further away from home. Remy listened to the soldier. \"The shooter is a henchman of the cannibals we've been fighting.\" Remy shrugged his head at the thought of the cannibals. \"Any news on Guillaume?\" He asked. \"We have a few search parties,\" Remy opened his eyes in hopefulness. \"But we didn't find him… yet!\" The soldier left the office, after a second of silence. I looked at all the streets signs, to try to remember something… anything at all. I saw two rats coming from the corner. I walked over to them, which was very dangerous with all the bad rats out there. I wouldn't have done that were it not for the fact that I was lonely, and desperate. \"Hey!\" I screamed. The two rats looked over to me. They walked over to me, very slowly, and surrounded me. \"You seem like a tasty rat…\" One of the two said. I started growing uncomfortable. I tried to step out of the middle, but the rat behind me grabbed me. \"Don't run away.\" The one behind me said. \"You will make a great meal…\" \"Sarge,\" one of the rats walking up front looked at the leader of the group. \"We have been looking for hours.\" Another soldier took over. \"Yeah, I don't think we are going to find him.\" He looked around him. \"Paris is a big city after all, and quite dangerous.\" \"You're not saying that he is… dead, are you?\" Another one responded. \"Guys, a lonely rat is out there, in a dangerous city.\" The sergeant interrupted. \"We can't leave him behind like this!\" The two rats were getting closer and closer. I threw my hind paw back right in the crotch of the cannibal. The other one surprised of the sudden turn of events tried to take a jab at me, but I ducked and grabbed the back of his head, only to throw it to the ground. I might not look tough, but I will not be eaten by these two abominations. I ran away from the wailing furballs. Remy didn't know what to think or do. He started cooking, to clear his mind. He didn't cook his Ratatouille, he did that so many times. No, he made his decision. The original soup he made, when Linguini threw the cauldron to the floor. Remy had to think before he remembered the original recipe, but it didn't take too long. My fur was ruffled up by the fight. I never wished for some rain more than right now, but Paris was especially weird with weather. I looked at the people walking in the street. Some of them had really expensive clothes on. Really most of them. Except for a red haired boy with curls. He seemed as out of place as Alfredo in the kitchen… Wait, it wás Alfredo. I ran over to him. I walked up on his leg, and on top of his head. Apparently he didn't seem to notice, 'cause he kept on walking. Alfredo's phone rang. \"Hello?\" I couldn't quite make out what the other side was saying, but I thought I heard Colette. I heard a question, which Alfredo answered: \"No, I haven't found him yet…\" Immediately I revealed myself to him, leaving my hiding spot under his cap. He stared at me in wonder, then talked in his phone again. \"You can stop searching, I found him.\" This is not a one-shot story. More chapters to come![Chapter 2] The story was changed a little bit so if you haven't seen the new chapter one, there is a new one. Also, on the youtube page user/asparaguswriting there is a new song to go with this chapter. The soup was getting along quite well. Remy was pleased with how he emulated the original 'special order'. Having the original on the plate, he decided it would be a good idea to change it a bit. Change it with the skills he had acquired over the last couple of years. He threw some new herbs in, and tasted the result. \"Remy, we have been looking for hours, but we just can't find him.\" One of the search parties interrupted his creative moment. Remy sighed. \"Did I tell you you could stop looking?\" He threw a sharp utensil at the group. \"Wow, Remy chill.\" \"Chill? Chill!? Who the fuck do you think you're talking to you utter disgrace!\" He walked over to the soldier who made the remark. He lowered his voice. \"Do I have to remind you who you are talking to?\" Alfredo ran as fast as he could. I looked over to the street signs to see if we were getting anywhere I remembered. \"Are you okay up there?\" He asked. \"Remy was so worried. He was shouting at all the rats…\" That was when we passed Gusteau's. The old restaurant was pretty broken down. I guess no one wanted to buy the old place. Come to think of it, that would make a crazy good music club. That was when I saw La Ratatouille. \"Remy, I found Guillaume.\" Dad looked surprised. I jumped of Alfredo and ran over to him. We embraced for at least a minute. \"What happened?\" We stopped our hug, and Remy looked down. \"Your grandfather was killed by the cannibals,\" He said. There was a moment of silence. \"But we at least got the shooter.\" The cannibals were a notorious group in the Paris underworld. They skinned rats live, to only then feast on them. Our clan has been fighting them for at least a hundred years. I remember dad telling stories about him fighting with pops on succeeding the clan. Now he is forced however. Emile couldn't take over, because he was horrible at strategies. Life was shit. Everything was regulated, there was no freedom and there were more and more attacks everyday. Not a single day went by where I didn't think of leaving. If every single day you see rats looking down, nobody talking to each other and the police stopping to frisk you, then you would feel the same. Every single day it was waking up, eating a cheap breakfast, and walking to my desk job. I was longing for the days where I could just practice music, and have my work cut out for me. Dad started to turn crazy in his mind. He never got out of his office, only talked to a handful of people. I was able to talk to him most of the time, and we talked about a lot of things. He mostly asked for advice, as he didn't even trust his own judgement anymore. As for La Ratatouille, well, I never said I wasn't a good chef. I inherited the smell, and I had some original ideas. Basically, I was running the whole show, and that wasn't good for my sanity. \"Guillaume, Remy needs to talk to you again…\" Emile came asking this time. We walked over to the office, and Emile left again. I sighed, and opened the door. \"Hey son, how are you… doing?\" Remy sat behind his desk, almost hiding under it. \"I don't have a lot of time, spit your questions out and let me leave.\" I snapped at him. I was under a lot of stress. \"They found another shop.\" He looked down and got tears in his eyes. \"Remember the 70 rats we lost?\" He looked to me. \"No… Fuck no.\" I stepped back. \"How many survived.\" \"None, we were too late.\" He started sobbing. \"Go!\" He yelled. Standing behind the gas pits, I actually thought of jumping in and ending it all. I was shocked with my own thoughts, but was woken up by Colette. \"Why are you not working.\" She yelled. \"Can't you see the dinner rush?\" There was no time to think about life anymore, it was only working and hoping you won't get attacked. What did I need? My guitar, for starters, and some food, so that I don't have to go garbage right away. Maybe take a notebook, stealing another copy would be hard. I was leaving everything behind, and I left all my responsibility. Maybe it was a jerk move, but I didn't care anymore. \"What are you doing?\" It was John, my bassist. \"What the hell do you think you are doing!\" \"I'm leaving.\" He looked at me in spite. \"Don't judge me.\" I threw my fist in the air. \"You would've done the same thing.\" He grabbed my fist. \"I wouldn't walk away from my priorities!\" I just left him there. \"If you go now, you will not be welcomed back!\" Remy listened to the soldier. \"So… Guillaume left?\" \"Yes, pretty much.\" Remy looked down to the papers on his desk. \"Could you please leave me alone now?\" The soldiers saluted and left the office. When he closed the door he heard the worst obscenities being shouted. I walked down the street wondering what way I could go. I was completely free in my steps, and I wasn't gonna let the opportunities pass me by. There were a ton of street musicians. I decided to listen and get some inspiration from some of the very talented rats. There was one rat that really stood out. He had seemed to have fashioned a piano and an organ small enough for rats to play. \"Nice instruments.\" I walked over to the keyboardist. \"Thanks, you play?\" \"Well, I have played on the piano at home, but not in a long time.\" I walked behind the piano. \"You mind if I try it?\" \"Go ahead.\" I played a song by the writer Leonard Cohen. It was an old song, but it holds up really well. During the song the keyboardist suddenly started playing along. It was great to play some new genre again, with a great talent. \"Have you been playing on the streets for a long time?\" I asked the musician. \"For as long as I remember.\" He answered. \"You seem to be new to this.\" I was amazed how he figured out. \"I mean, you have clean fur, and what seems like a healthy life style.\" He began to laugh. \"Prepare to throw that away.\" I guess this was my life now. I was a travelling musician on the streets, and I walked around with a keyboardist. His name was Jotham. Apparently he was raised in the musicians' world, and has been playing piano for 30 years. He found the organ laying in the trash and decided to fix it up. Please Rate and Review![Chapter 3] Also for this chapter there is a song, check out the youtube channel user/asparaguswriting We were on the streets for a few months. We became pretty legendary, Jotham and I. We were playing in the streets of Paris, but we didn't have that much money. Don't get me wrong, we had enough to go around, but it was still sleeping on the streets for us. It was exactly what I wanted. Remy looked at the people sitting in his office. Since Guillaume left a lot of the responsibility fell back on him. At least he was cooking again. La Ratatouille was quite famous, but the cannibals were also rising. Everyday at least ten rats disappeared, but the hiding places were also found. \"Thanks, little chef.\" Linguini said when he picked up the plate of Ratatouille. It was dinner rush again, and he forgot how very stressful those things could be. It had also been a while since Anton Ego went into the bistro. He wasn't told Remy didn't cook anymore, but I guess Ego tasted it. Remy had tasted Guillaume's food. It was good, but it didn't have any 3 dimensionality. Really all the clients had changed after Guillaume took over. Remy did some experimenting, and cooked some nostalgic oldies. Time went by really fast, and it was closing time faster than the rat could realise. As Linguini stood in the doorway to leave, Remy walked up on him to signify he wanted to sleep at Linguini's home that day. They walked home to the large house Alfredo and Colette lived in, and entered the big front doors. Colette was out of town for a few weeks on a 'culinary expedition'. She was trying to gain some inspiration for new recipes. She left right after Guillaume; Remy knew she didn't trust him with the kitchen. We walked next to Alfredo's house. I covered my face to hide myself if he was to look outside. It was a sunny day, but pouring as soon as the sun went down. Jotham tapped my shoulder. \"There are some people coming from the corner.\" With the speed that the silhouette of the person had, I knew right away that it was Alfredo. \"Fuck.\" Jotham turned his vision from the person to me. \"Trouble?\" He asked. \"No… just… annoyance, I guess.\" The red haired boy was in vision fast, and then right next to us. \"Hey.\" He said. At this point I was hoping dad wasn't with him. \"Haven't seen you in some time.\" He looked around. That was when dad came up from under Alfredo's cloak. He climbed down his leg and stood next to me. It was an awkward silence broken by Jotham. \"Do you guys know each other?\" \"He's my dad.\" I said with the least amount of motivation. \"I'll just introduce myself then.\" He said turning his eyes to dad. \"Hello,\" he stuck his hand out. \"My name is Jotham. I am Guillaume's musical partner.\" Dad was very held back. Suddenly Alfredo broke the silence. \"You guys seem like you need a ba… are hungry…\" He walked to the door. \"Wanna come in?\" I shook my head, but Jotham was nodding. Guess he never slept in such a big house. It was fucking awkward in the house. \"So… you started cooking again?\" Dad nodded. \"Well, you left. Who else could've done it?\" Jotham started laughing. \"You cook?\" I punched him in the shoulder. \"I did, but I hate it.\" It was my turn to ask my dad a question. \"So, what happened to the problem?\" He looked down. \"Not much changed, but still rats are disappearing.\" Jotham got nervous. \"Wait what?\" \"I'll explain later Jotham.\" Dad stood up from his chair. \"I'll go fix you guys up a meal.\" Jotham and I talked about new songs to add to our repertoire when dad came back with a tray of food. \"I whipped up something with some leftovers in the kitchen.\" He laid the plates on the tiny table. \"You guys don't mind eating with the hands do you?\" I tried to object, but Jotham was already digging into his meal, and I didn't wanna be left out completely. We pretty much ate in silence, except for Jotham who was praising the food. I was enjoying the change as well, seeing as I wasn't completely loving garbage already. We talked a little bit more, but it was about nothing really. I was getting tired, as it was going into the night. Dad saw me yawning, and quite quickly offered a place to sleep. \"Has been long since I have been in a bed.\" I reacted. There was a guest bedroom in the house, and it even had some small beds for the rats. \"Pick a bed, I guess.\" Dad said, and he left. He probably had to work early in the morning, and I kept him up for way too long. It was way in the night. I woke up from a strange sound, and laid in my bed, thinking in silence. The big questions. The ones everyone has, and no one can answer. That was when I heard sobbing. It came from the bed next to me. \"Jotham?\" The sobbing stopped. \"Ye.. yea?\" He tried to sound like he didn't just cry. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yea.\" I stepped out of bed. \"I think I'm going to get out now.\" I left the bedroom into the hallway. I saw dad standing in the huge living room. \"Emile is no where to be found.\" I walked over to him. \"What?\" He turned to me. \"They fucking got Emile!\" \"How much troops do you have looking for him?\" He walked over to me. \"At least five.\" \"Good.\" Jotham heard the sounds from the hallway, because he too got out of bed. \"You guys get some more sleep, I'll handle it.\" I couldn't sleep, and Jotham was not going to leave me alone in this tense moment. Dad left the house, and went to the office to have a meeting. We were alone in the house, because Alfredo brought him there. Jotham and I were discussing what song we could play. \"Make you feel my love is a nice one.\" Jotham nodded in agreement. We set up our instruments, and started playing. Jotham played the piano, and I played the guitar and sang. Remy sat in his chair, listening to the officer. \"We have a few troops working on finding Emile.\" Suddenly the big doors open. One of the messengers came in. \"They want to trade!\" Remy stood up and walked to the messenger. \"What?\" \"They want to trade Emile for a hostage.\" Please rate and review![Chapter 4] I'm sorry this one is a little later, but because of the lag of reviews I'm less motivated. Yet again I have recorded a song for the chapter and you can find it at the youtube page user/asparaguswriting So there we were, in Linguini's house. \"We could go there.\" Jotham suddenly suggested. I looked at him, and thought of the idea. \"At least I would know what the fuck is going on.\" We picked up our instruments, and made our way to the office. Finally my tiredness started to set in. I tripped and almost fell of the roof we were walking on. Jotham grabbed my arm just in time. \"Fuck, get your shit together Guillaume!\" He pulled me up and we started walking again. We had a long walk ahead of us, so Jotham and I had a lot of chance to talk. \"I heard a band on the radio today.\" Jotham started the conversation. \"Nice, what are they called?\" \"Muse, I think.\" He looked up, as rats do to remember things. \"They had a song about some black hole.\" He looked at me. \"We really need to go to a record store again, find some good tunes to cover.\" I nodded. \"I was woken up by some sound, did you hear that?\" He frowned and looked down. \"Yea, I think I did.\" I went on. \"I also heard some... sobbing noise?\" Jotham sighed. \"I haven't been completely fair to you…\" \"But we don't have any hostages!\" Remy reacted to the messenger. The group sat in silence. \"Why don't you fake it?\" a soldier suddenly suggested. \"Forgive me for giving a remark, while I'm supposed to be silent.\" Everyone looked at the young rat. His officer tried to reprimand the soldier, but was stopped by Remy. \"Let him speak, he seems to have a good idea.\" The soldier sat down on one of the chairs, and made him comfortable. \"Imagine this:\" Jotham was not some really talented street musician. He was the heir to a pretty strong clan. The same clan we had been fighting for so long. He never wanted to be part of it, and always fought with his father over it. He left the clan, and brought his organ and piano with him. It did explain where he got his expensive organ from. \"How long have you been on the streets?\" I asked him. \"Must have been 10 years now.\" \"How long have you been playing then?\" He looked at me. \"I have not been lying about that.\" A smile escaped from his down looking face. \"I have always played piano.\" We went down to the street, and into the doors of the bistro. Dad was preparing some trick to pull against the cannibals. They were going to fake giving a hostage for Emile, but in fact it was another rat with a tracking device. It seemed like a solid plan to me. I also met John in the commotion. He didn't even want to look at me. I yelled something along the lines of \"What was I supposed to do!\" before Jotham instructed me to move on. \"Someone you know?\" I rolled my eyes. \"My old bass player. We… are not on speaking terms.\" \"What happened?\" He asked while opening the office doors. \"He didn't like me leaving…\" \"Who is going to be the brave soldier playing as the hostage?\" Dad asked. There was a moment of silence. \"I'll do it.\" Jotham stood up out of his chair. \"No!\" I stood up right after him. \"They'll kill you when you come back.\" \"It's going to be okay.\" Dad looked at Jotham. \"Well, it's believable enough, you sure you wanna do this?\" Jotham nodded. The others had to prepare some stuff first, so Jotham and I had some time to play some music, which we off course didn't let us pass by. I was setting up my amplifier, when Jotham left to take care of something. I played some scales to warm myself up, and took a look at the chords that Jotham gave me, along with the lyrics. It was French, a language I wasn't particularly good at. Most rats talked English, so it wasn't that much of a problem. Jotham walked over to John, to have a little chat. \"So what's up between you and Guillaume?\" He cut right to the chase. John sighed. \"Guillaume had a lot of responsibilities here, basically running the place.\" Jotham nodded. \"Then he has to go all fucking hipster and leave us.\" \"Would you like to life an impassionate life with all the worries of a leader, not being able to do what you really love?\" John started to yell. \"You think that I didn't have the same problem!\" Jotham laid his paw on John's shoulder. \"Sit down with me, please.\" Jotham came back through the door. I saw John coming through the doorway as well, and I stood up. We both had the expression in our faces of 'What the fuck are we doing?' A few moments passed of us just standing there, before we flew into each others arms. \"I'm so sorry man, I couldn't take it anymore.\" \"Hello, we don't have a lot of time!\" Jotham suddenly interrupted our moment. I picked up my guitar and John his bass. Jotham was standing behind his keyboard, and counted down. We played a song Jotham heard on an indie radio channel. I don't remember the title, but it was a really nice song. Dramatic. It also felt great to finally play with John again. \"That was fucking great.\" John said. I wanted to say something back, but we were interrupted by a soldier coming to pick up Jotham. John talked to me about how everything in his life was going. He worked a nine to five job, and never had the time to play the bass. He started working as a typist during meetings, but quite quickly became one of the advisors. We kept on talking for a few minutes. That was when I realised something. \"Dad!\" I ran into the room. \"Couldn't we just give back the shooter?\" It was dead silent in the room. One of the officers started talking. \"We… killed him.\" More awkward silence followed. \"Oh…\" I said, as I walked of to the room where they were preparing Jotham. \"Are you sure they won't do anything to you?\" I asked, standing next to the rat. \"Trust me, it will be fine.\" Jotham comforted me. One of the rats was busy hiding some tracing equipment behind the fur, ruffling it up as they were going along. The equipment was basically a wire. It couldn't be too big, because if else you couldn't hide it. It was pretty long, because there was a lot of stuff in there. \"Time to go!\" Dad suddenly walked into the room. Jotham stood up from his chair, not realising one of the tracer hiders was stuck under the wire, dragging him along. \"Sorry!\" Jotham said. I walked with them to the front door of the bistro, but had to stay behind. A few officers walked with Jotham to the rendezvous point, but even dad stayed behind. Please Rate and review![Chapter 5] I've decided that I don't want to do this bullshit anymore. I'm not writing a story if no one is going to read it. I kept writing because I had one follower, but I don't have that follower anymore, so I'm done. I have too much issues in my life to fix, and can't use writing as an escape pod anymore, because no one even cared to give me a review. ","Summary":" Please Review, I would like to have some advice on writing. Also, on my youtube I recorded a song f"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Oh Loves Smek","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11735849","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fic of Home Description: I haven't seen the movie but it seems interesting though I looked on the Wikipedia. Still there's absolutely no fanfics, art or any videos of them getting together so I guess I'm gonna have to be the first. Pairings: Oh/Captain Smek , Kyle/Gerry (Slash) Rated K Date: March 27 2015 The party was still going on at Tip's house with what seems to be alien infestation and Lucy was coming back from the kitchen humming a song \"Who's ready for more refreshments? She said looking at the tray until she looked up and gasped at the unexpected aliens. \"Wow, I better go back and make some more...a lot more\" She said resulting in how many aliens there are before going back in the kitchen. Tip laughed as Kyle bumped her side and she danced with him such as twirling him around into another male Boove (still covered in that girly stuff) who seemed to be taken a rather quick interest in him. Kyle looked at him and cleared his throat then about to speck but was forcefully taken by the hand and pulled close to his body causing him to nervously laugh and showed his teeth. \"Oh, you should to this every year\" Tip said looking beside her but his best friend wasn't there \"Oh\" She looked around but not sign on him so she ran to her mother while saying \"pardon me or excuse me\" as she passed them until she reached the kitchen. \"Oh, hello Tip...you need something? She said. \"Mom, have you seen Oh anywhere? She asked in panic. \"Yes, he's in your room using that weird circler thing, he said he was trying to contact Captain Smek\" She said turning around then after she left for her room, she shrugged her shoulders and turned back only to see that she had left the cookies in the oven to long . \"Oh shoot\" She said before getting an mitt, opened the oven to take them out and sat them on top of the stove. She whimpered a little a her almost burnt cookies \"Maybe they like them knowing their aliens\" She said think positive. In Tip's room, Oh was sitting on the bed thinking while Pig was laying across his legs purring and patting the cat on the head. \"Okay, I just got to put in the coordinates\" He said while pressing the buttons until Tip came into the room \"There you are, mo told me you'd be up here\" She said\" So, your trying to contact Smek? She leaned on the door with a smile. Oh who was blue state was looking up at his friend \" You are correct\" He said before sighing then Tip walked over and sat right next to him. \"You really miss him don't you? She said putting a hand on his back. \"He almost had me erased but care very deeply about him\" He confessed. It was Tip's turn to be depressed then got an idea, \"Now about you send him a invite\" She suggested. 'But I'm already having this party that I've dreamed of\" Oh said not getting it. Tip giggled\" No, I meant send him a message She said but Oh looked at her very dumbfounded making her sigh. \"I'll do it for you\" She grabbed the \"thing\" from Oh. \" You know, you never told me what this is\" She asked studying it. \"This thing a genuine Boov Phone\" Oh explained the device. \"So...it's like a IPhone\" She asked. \"I don't what it is your talking about let's get back to the message\" He said. \"Okay, so what is it you wanna say to him...I'll type it in' She said readying the Boov Phone. Thanks Tip\" He said He said smile before speaking him romantic feelings. Dear Smek: I was wondering if I could come over for the visit to confess curtain feeling for you and apologize for my many mistakes\" He said while turning bright pink. \"Your done? She said and Oh nodded then she pressed Send\" Now all we had to do now is wait until he responds\" She said before Lucy called her. \"Coming mom\" She said getting up from the bed. \"What am I suppose to do when he sends the message back? Oh said. Just have a conversation with him\" She said running out the door then she left. Only Pig was left to comfort him. \"Well, I guess it will be just you and I now Pigcat\" He said turning back his normal color and held the cat as he sat up in the bed. In a mater of a seconds, when he heard his phone make a sound, he quickly turned bright pink again looked at it, he was Smek again with a message. \"Sure, I'd love to spend some time together\" The message said. Oh then held his phone close to his heart implying that he was defiantly madly in love with the former captain. \"You hear that Pig-cat, I'm going onto the moon to see Smek\" He said shaking him before putting him down, it made him dizzy. He was so excited to visit the moon for the very first time that he completely forgot how is he going to get there. As soon as he thought about it, he turned white and his noses went droopy, Pig cuddled up next to him, meowing and placed a paw on his arm. \"How am I ever going to get there? He said sighing until Tip and her mother stood in front of the door. \"Tip, Lucy, what is your doing in the room of Tip until Lucy tossed the keys and they landed next to him\" You are willingly giving me the source to your hovercraft\" Oh said looking at the two. \"Just have it back when your finished\" Tip said crossing her arms smiling then Lucy brought Kyle and Gerry who were now a couple. \"You never told us you were leaving\" Gerry said then Oh got off of the bed to see Kyle running towards him with open arms. \"Oh, please don't go cause your my friend\" He said begging but Oh gently pushed him off \"Don't be the scaredy type, friend Kyle...I'll be back cause this is where I belong\" He said making the mild-traffic officer smile and gone back to his boyfriend. \"Be careful Oh\" Tip said knowing that he was someone very special to her and kissed his cheek making him turn pink. \"Drive safe now' Lucy said before stepping aside letting him by. Kyle started to turn blue for the first time or any color and was held by Gerry who patted his back. Note that, Oh was Kyle's first friend so he's hard to let go. The rest of the aliens were partying but once they spotted Oh, they crated a path for him on his way to the hovercraft. Pig jumped down to the floor attempting to follow him \"Oh no you don't Pig...your staying right here\" Tip said picking him up. Mind if I hold the strange looking pig? Kyle asked. No, I don't mind are all and he's not really a pig, that's just his name\" She explained after laughing and she gave him her cat. Instantly Pig warmed up to him and began to vibrate against his purple skin\" Is me going to explode? Kyle said and the two looked at the humans. \"That's just a cat's way of showing that he likes you\" Lucy said and Kyle cuddled the cat in his arms with Gerry wrapping his arms around his boyfriend causing him to turn bright pink. I still can't believe that this took me a day and a half to complete the first chapter plus this wasn't that hard as I have alreay seen the film of UTube while I was in the middle of writing this[Chapter 2] This is my second chapter of Home. Pairings: Oh/Smek, Kyle/Gerry (Slash) Rated: K On the Moon while the other Boovs were partying, Smek was sitting in a crater alone \"What have I done? He said after sighing in depression until a Boov named Hugo came over from the group \"DJ Smek, Oh is here and wishes to speak to you\" He had gone back with no intention of saying anything else. Smek just laid down and covered himself, he did not want to see Oh. Up top, the hovercraft was parked right far from the edge and Oh was walking around Smek\" He called out. The formor captain heard his but his bother to turn around \"After all I did, how can I face him\" He buried his head in his knees until he heard his name again but this time, closer to him. He turned to see the new captain who had him arm behind his back, looking shy. \"What do you want, Oh? He said before turning back around. \"Smek, I really missed you, my Boov party can't be fun with you within it\" He confessed walked in front of him. Smek began to turn blue \"How, I am not longer the captain? He stated sniffing and cried on the round \"It's not fair\". Still crying and rolling around, Oh had let out a hand, leading the crybaby to look at him \"The Boov may not need you but I do\" he turn bright pink \"dance with me\" he paused for a minute and smiled \" Captain Smek. He smiled and took his hand then Oh pulled him up close to his face then started to move back causing the other to move towards. \"I feel something in my tubby, it' this weird good feeling\" He said as he was focusing on his eyes. \"The human, Tip called it bonding\" He explained. \"Bonding? he wiped his tears away \"I love it but I also have this other feeling and it is very powerful\" He touching his heart. \"Here, I want to show you what you're feeling\" Oh said holding his possible boyfriend steady. \"What're you doing? He asked as to why he was holding him until he kissed him which lasted for 2 seconds and Smek pulled away. \"What was that? He asked tasting his lips \"Tip called it kiss\". After tasting it a bit more and found that he could do better. He began to turn pink \"I think I'm in love with you\" He said making Oh blush \"Really? He asked smiling gladly. \"Really\" He responded before taking his hand. Oh gasped in happiness as they continued to dance with the song \"Needed You\" by Kevin Borg\". Oh spun him around causing him to get totally dizzy then caught him as he was on the verge of falling. Regaining from his dizziness, Smek looked into his eyes then he was slowly raised up and passionately put their foreheads together as a symbol for a long lasting relationship. As the two were condoling their love, Oh pulled away \"Come with me\" He said smoothly. Smek slowly turned his back and walked forward while holding his left arm in shame \"I can't\" He said with a broken voice. \"Of course you can, we will be happy together\" he took his hand \". \"What about the rest of the Boov? He started. \"God question' He said then got a great idea in mind and smiled \"Follow me\" Oh said before taking both of his hands (0) The Boovs were still dancing and chatting until they noticed their leader helping Smek out of the crater and gathered around gin which made him turn his head around \"Friend Boov, I like to speak to all of you; as your new leader, I declare that Smek be by my side\" He looked at him romantically though the Boov didn't approve of this until they saw the two nuzzling. After, Oh shared his Shusher with Smek \"From now on, we will lead the Boov together\" A single tear went for Smek's cheek as he smiled and took a single hand and put in on the Shusher. \"So, how're we all going to get to the planet, Earth? A Boov wondered. \"Hmmm\" Oh put his hand on his chin thinking. Tip and her mom were in the kitchen making another batch of cookies in case Oh comes back with more Boov \"Mom, you think I could visit the moon someday? Tip asked swinging her legs on the counter. \"The moon\" she chucked \"what gave you that idea? Lucy asked as she was washing dishes. \"Well Oh had told me about it\" She responded looking at her. Lucy stopped, turned around and sighed in relief while resting her hands on the edge of the sink \"Man, how much can Boovs eat? She said taking breathes. In Tip's room, Kyle and boyfriend,Gerry were both sitting on the bed, playing with Pig who was rattling with the blue sweaters. \"Pig-cat is soft\" Gerry said petting him. \"Yeah, he is\" he looked at him and romantically smiled before Gerry looked at him. \"\"What is it? He asked. \"Huh..oh nothing...nothing at all\" He said nervously chuckling and Gerry turned back to continue petting the cat. As Kyle watched his soulmate do his thing, he slowly started to turn bright pink. Suddenly, the Tucci family knocked on the open door and Pig jumped down from his lap \"Pig\" Tip picked him up \"Did you have a good time with the these two\" She said chucking and baby-talking him while cuddling him against her neck before the two sat with them on the bed. \"So, how're you two doing? Tip asked Kyle and he looked at her. \"We are okay\" He responded and turned around quickly but Tip knows that color \"Kyle, are you looking into the future? She said. \"Huh? He said confused of the meaning. \"I'll explain; when a person had curtain feels for another then they think about the future. \"I never thought of that\" He said looking at Gerry who was with her mother and sighed. I finally got this done and just so you know, if you want me to continue this story then I will cause I have some plans for Kyle and Gerry. Please excuse my crazy ideas but I made Smek and Oh get together so quickly cause Oh could teach him how to be a good leader instead of a selfish one. Also, the song has been planned before I even started this story so, yeah. One more thing, I not much comedy is in this chapter and there MAY be one more coming but I don't know so we'll see what happens. ","Summary":" This is my first fic of Home Description: I haven't seen the movie but it seems interesting though "},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"No Place Like Home","Author":"Pricat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11885930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was nightime at the Tucci house but Oh was still awake in his room because he didn't feel like sleeping plus he'd accidentally drank Lucy's coffee yet again giggling but singing some pop song he had heard when he and Tip had been crushing in Slushious the otjer night, since he loved being around Tip playing with Tip's old toys and trains along with Legos building things that came into his advanced mind. \"Oh, Ohey?\" he heard Tip say making him jump. \"Sorry for scaring you Ohey but it's two in the morning and we need our sleep okay?\" Tip said to him seeing him hug her leg which was cute. \"Hey Tip, you okay?\" Oh asked as she nodded but saw he had drank coffee but saw him yawn guessing he was getting tired seeing him on her lap humming to him seeing him get sleepy. \"Aww, somebody's a sleepy Boov eh, as it's cute.\" Tip said seeing Oh out like a light tucking him into bed kissing his head and left the room seeing the glow in the dark stars glow which made the male Boov feel safe to sleep. She couldn't help but smile going down the hall into her room but closing her door getting into her bed. Later the next morning Lucy and Tip were up after sleeping wondering if Oh was okay seeing Tip nod explaining that Oh was sleeping after playing most of the night making Lucy underdtand, leaving leftover pancakes for when the male Boov woke up since he loved her pancakes plus had put smiley faces on them, so he would be in a happier mood when he woke up. \"We should get going, as we'll be late!\" Tip told her Mom as they were leaving the house getting into Slushious taking off and Tip hoped that Oh was okay or would be until she got home from school She knew that things had gotten awesome since Oh had entered her life even though at first, they had butted heads but became good friends to the point where OhLater had risked his life to protect her from the Gorg. Later that afternoon, Oh was awake but surprised that Lucy had left pancakes with smiley faces which made him giggle since he'd just gotten up so the pancakes were putting him in a good mood guessing Tip was at school and Lucy was at work. \"Mmmmm, myMom makes yummy pancakes but guess she and Tip are out.\" Oh said to Pig seeing the cat under the table which was cute and right now, Oh was drinking chocolate milk since Tip said that coffee was off limits especially after last night. \"I hope Tip is okay,pig.\" Oh said softly yawning sounding like he needed more sleep going to the couch lying down on it seeing Pig get on his belly going to sleep too. \"Aww, somebody's taking an nap.\" Tip said smirking after getting home from school noticing Oh asleep on the couch with Pig leaving him be. She was studying and doing her homework so was done by the time her Mom was home seeing Oh was awake and setting the table for dinner which made Tip happy because she had been worrying about him all day at school, seeing him hug her leg. \"Yeah, as I was sleepy all day.\" Oh told her making her understand patting his purple skinned head gently and saw a big grin on his face making her chuckle. A/N Hehe I felt like writing Home stuff especially Oh/Tip stuff as a big story but in this first chapter, Oh is high off coffee and doesn't want to go to sleep so Tip has to help him[Chapter 2] \"Wake up, Tip as it snowed!\" Oh said while on Tip's bed since Lucy had told Tne male Boov to go wake Tip up as a snow storm had hit meaning no school making Oh smirk because it meant he and Tip could play all day! \"Oh, Tip breakfast is ready, come and get it!\" Lucy yelled from downstairs as they were doing so seeing Lucy had made warm oatmeal as it was a cold snowy day. \"Thanks myMom, as it's yummy plus today is gonna be fun!\" Oh said but Tip chuckled as the male Boov liked snow since she had shown him how to make a snowman or in Oh's words a snow boov. \"Yeah, it will be since there isn't any school plus I like hanging out with Oh.\" Tip told her but saw Lucy going to work meaning she was taking Slushious which Tip didn't mind seeing Oh eating up but could feel how cold the house was. \"It's Ojay Ohey, plus Mom knows what she's doing as she is a good driver since she did teach me.\" Tip assured the male Boov seeing him smile since he was in his pyjamas but not wearing socks on his pid like feet going upstairs. He remembered Tip telling him that he had to dress warmly since it was cold out there and if he didn't wear warm clothes, he could get sick which he didn't want at all. He was putting on a blue scarf with stars on it with a warm beanie hat putting on a warm sweater that matched his Purpke skin smirking ready to go,out in Tne snow making Tip happy as she was ready. \"That's good you're ready since I was knowing you'd wanna hang out.\" Tip said as they left the house. Oh giggled as snowflakes fell on his tongue making him and Tip giggle as his bright blue eyes were wide with child like awe since Tip knew that being from outer space, Tne Boov had never seen snow before so seeing otjer Boov reacting to the cold weather was adorable like Oh's plus the kids in their neighbourhood were also enjoying the snow storm. \"This is awesome, right Ohey?\" Tip asked him as the male Boov nodded but saw some of Tip's classmates ice skating making Oh very curious and wanting to try but had never done it before making Tip understand knowing she could help him. \"It's okay Ohey, as I can help you but you trust me right?\" Tip said to him seeing him nod getting on the ice not letting go of him because she didn't want him to get hurt so was having fun. \"Yeah, you're getting it Ohey which is good because you and the Boov have never seen snow before.\" Tip told him seeing him nod because it was cute. They were then building snow men in the driveway well Tip was building a snowman, while Oh had made a snow Boov which looked very cute making Tip giggle seeing Slushious land in the driveway seeing Lucy get out smirking. \"I guess you guys were having fun in the snow, eh?\" she said to both Oh and Tip seeing them nod as they were going inside plus helping bring in groceries making Lucy happy A/N Hehe here's more of the story but hope people like as Oh/Tip are very cute since I do ship them. In this chapter, a snow storm hits the town meaning snow fin for Oh and Tip ","Summary":" It was nightime at the Tucci house but Oh was still awake in his room because he didn't feel like s"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Far From Home","Author":"Subtle Shenanigans","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11715772","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, uh, another Home fanfic - this time a full story. I'm really obsessed with one-sided Oh/Tip from the movie, and the books were Fantastic ( The True Meaning Of Smekday and Smek For President by Adam Rex). This will feature many book references, but no fear; there will be just as much film references. Kyle and Smek from the movies will be in this, Pig will be a female calico (a mix of book and movie there) and although Oh's real name, JLo (with a dot between the J and L; fanfic is so stupid sometimes :) , will be mentioned, he will mostly be called Oh (it works as a cannon book-esque nickname). EDIT: Some song lyrics will be posted at end or beginning of fic for tone/mood of a particular scene/chapter. If a radio is playing, or something similar, then the lyrics shall be interwoven. I like that word. 'Interwoven'. Only songs from the movie soundtrack. Will be a little darker than the movie was themed, but very lightly; This is my first major attempt at a 'movie-type' fic, and a humorous one to boot. Not gonna be too major/big. But big enough. Big Thanks to Sammy Heroes for letting me bounce ideas off them and offering to help with my humor-writin' skills! *IMPORTANT: This is my third major fic along with Sacrifice (TSS) and The North (Redwall); I am now DEADLOCKED, which means I am not going to start up any other stories until one of these three is done. DISCLAIMER: Sirrius has none of \"the ownership\" you humanspeople speak of, unless it is that of the \"concept\". … She held on tightly, refusing to let go. The rain slid between them, slickening their hands and causing them to slide apart. It couldn't end this way; she refused to lose him again. \" Tip!\" He shouted above the roar of the alien engines. \"You must for the letting go!\" \" No!\" she shouted back stubbornly. She didn't know why they wanted him, and she didn't care. She gripped tighter, more desperately. His face was a bright yellow, reflecting her own fear. \"I won't lose you again!\" Memory of the Gorg ship and his almost death flashing through her mind. He saw her green eyes fill with terror. Then Mimom's face flashed in his mind. They couldn't just both disappear. She needed to know what had happened, then maybe, just maybe, they would see each other again one day… He blue eyes bore into her's suddenly, a determination alight in them. \"You cannot be the taken too! Think of Gratuitymom!\" \" But-!\" She saw they yellow fade back to a normal violet hue, and he smiled disarmingly at her. His voice dropped lower, but she heard him all the same. \" JLo knows that Gratuity will finds him if she promises. Just gives me the promise, Tip, and I's trust you wills come.\" She felt the rain help them fall farther apart, the tractor-beam sucking him back with more force. She didn't want to lose her best friend. Not one of the people she cared about most. He lurched out of her grasp more but held her gaze, his face filled with determination and trust. She didn't want to let go, but she knew it wasn't her choice. Just before they lost their grip, she looked into his eyes and did the only thing she could. \" I promise, Oh. I'll find you. No matter what.\" LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK A few weeks earlier… Fifteen-year-old Gratuity \"Tip\" Tucci had just opened her history textbook to study, involuntarily bobbing her head to the music. JLo - or \"Oh\", as he was commonly called - tapped his pods to the beat while looking over her shoulder. It was a usual affair - he would help her in the subjects that Boov were good at, while learning humansthings of which he did not know. History was especially new to him, and it was Tip's hardest subject. So, in simple terms, they were getting bored. Oh was having a hard time resisting the pull of the music. He could control himself when music came on now. It was more of an uncontrolled action before since he had resisted it so heatedly, but when he let himself get pulled in by swaying or tapping to the beat, he didn't get the uncontrollable urge to dance. But the boredom of Earth history made it hard. They just had so many wars . It was the same thing over and over again. Pointless. Eventually he couldn't take it anymore and hopped off the bed where they had been sitting. The thunk! of Oh's pods hitting the floor caught Tip's attention. She watched him curiously as he scuttled over to the radio, and press the switch button a few times. He stopped when he was satisfied with the song that came on. She recognized it instantly, remembering the car ride fondly. Come on, I wanna dance in the dark. Come on, We're gonna light up the night; Come on… She smiled as he concentrated on getting his \"Boov\" on, doing some sort of shrugging dance and pursing his lips. Then he looked at her and flashed a smile, running over and grabbing Tip's hand, despite her laughing-protests of, \"Oh; I've gotta do my homework!\" Oh merely laughed back, exclaiming, \"You cans be finishing your work for home later! We haven'st done the dancing in a whiles now!\" Tip finally complied with false reluctance, and both friends laughed and enjoyed themselves as they moved to the music. I wanna dance in the middle of the night, Out here with the stars like the creatures of the night. If you don't dance, make sure you got the r-hy-thm, Make sure that your heartbeat-beats with the r-hy-thm… Tip actually had a decent dance style going, swaying and moving to the beat, while Oh did some outrageous moves that wouldn't work on anyone but Oh; and not just because he was a Boov. His blue eyes were twinkling happily, as an idea came to him. Tip smirked, knowing what he had planned. I wanna dance in the dark And never stop We're gonna light up the night Like shooting stars They titled towards each other, singing the words, without a care of how well they were singing. Or how loud. Tip grabbed Oh's hand (which he noticed with pleased embarrassment) and pulled him towards her, then slid away. He caught on to the move instantly, copying her. He had begun to stumble on the lyrics, but had corrected himself quickly. (Oh wasn't too bad at singing the lyrics how they were supposed to be structured). He glanced shyly at Tip, glad she hadn't noticed when he did so. She was throwing her head back and singing loudly, her tightly curled hair bouncing as she danced. He was glad to see her so happy. He shook his head and focused on having fun dancing too, the wide smile never leaving his face. This time he grabbed her hands - both of them - and swung her around. Tip caught on, and using the momentum, spun them faster. He laughed as his \"feet\" left the ground every once in awhile. The song was nearing and end, so they slowed down, exhausted. They grinned at one another as they sang the last few lines; I wanna dance in the dark And never stop We're gonna light up the night Like shooting stars Whenever you hear the sound Don't be alarmed Ooh, ooh, ooh, dancing in the dark. They were still grinning at each other breathlessly, Tip lowered to his level as she rested with her hands on her knees. A sharp burst of clapping startled them both; Tip just grinning when she saw who it was, and Oh briefly trilled stripes of yellow and pink-orange (it was hard to tell). Lucy Tucci - who Oh called \"Mimom\" or \"Gratuitymom\" - stood in her daughter's doorway. She had seen most of their dance, and how happy they'd been. Trying not to smirk at Oh's shy smile, she just said, \"I came to tell you two that dinner's ready.\" \" 'Kay mom!\" Tip replied. Then nudging Oh, she whispered loudly, \"You have to help me with the essay portion now.\" \"B-but; Oh is not good with the essays!\" He protested in the same stage whisper. \"Too bad!\" Tip sat back on the bed and plucked up her hefty textbook. Oh sighed wearily and hopped up next to her. Lucy smiled and chuckled softly as she left, leaving the door partway closed behind her. As she went to go finish dinner, she thought that Oh was fitting in quite well with their little family. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK The days since the Boov (who had stayed on Earth) and had merged with the Humans was long past. Things were going fairly smoothly, with the two species collaborating. Many Boov 'doctors' trained under human ones and vice versa so that either species could treat the other. For the time being, Boov tried not to treat Humans, just as Humans tried not to treat Boov so that an accident wouldn't occur. It was made clear, though, that if anyone was in danger, a medical professional was to treat whomever was injured, regardless of species. Many agreed, though there were a few who didn't. The merge was never going to go perfectly. There was, of course, issues on both sides. The Boov who followed Oh as captain had a hard time adapting to the idea of following a Human leader, simply because it wasn't Oh. After a long and tedious explanation on Oh's part, they had finally agreed on one condition: If ever Oh needed them, or he resumed the role of leader for any reason, then they would only follow him. He had let it be so with some reluctance. So whenever Tip and Oh went out for some fun, any Boov they crossed greeted him enthusiastically, and some acted like he was a celebrity. It could get annoying, but Tip did her best to tolerate it. They usually snuck around to avoid \"fans\", which they both actually preferred (it was a habit to avoid Boov that they'd picked up during the invasion). It was one such saturday - meaning Tip didn't have school - that they snuck around the mall. Not all Boov were avoidable - many had jobs, after all. But they had been able to stay undetected for the most part. They had just begun to relax, thinking their fun time was safe, when a voice startled them. Oh actually grabbed Tip's arm in alarm, and she clutched his. \"Hey, Oh! And Humansgirl! Nice to see yous here!\" It was Kyle, in his usual uniform. They both sighed in relief; Kyle had been hired as a security guard of sorts, and he had actually become one of Oh's friends after the invasion. It was nice to see a friendly, non-fan face. Oh let go of Tip rather quickly, though she didn't notice. He fought off stripes of pink and yellow. Kyle raised where an eyebrow would be at him, but made no comment. \"Uh, Hello, um, Kyle?\" the Boov nodded happily. \"How's the new job goin'?\" \"It is not going anywhere, but I am enjoying it. Plus, I gets leisure minutes.\" The conversation went on like this for another half hour, all three strolling through the mall and into a few stores as they conversed. It was a large, modern indoor mall, sleek and spacey with escalators, elevators; a few fountain-like structures and a large center fountain. There were various plants in the mall, too, where they saw a gardener-Boov checking their water systems. Tip mostly dominated the conversation (she had a very dominating personality, Oh thought) and Kyle actually had a lot to say. Normally Oh and Tip would talk animatedly for long periods of time (especially if it was just them), neither more than the other, but today Oh was a little more silent. It was almost the third-year anniversary since they'd stopped the invasion. Since Oh's captain-ry, his almost death, and more importantly since he'd left and come back for Tip. He'd done little things over the years (a party or a meal; the latter a very, very bad idea), but this year he wanted to do something special for Tip. He wanted to get her a gift, but it had to be special. But only special enough to express their friendship. It had been frustrating him to no end, and when Tip had gone into a clothing store to look for a new outfit (she had saved up some allowance, so she could finally get something new) Kyle finally decided to get to the bottom of things. \"So how's you been doing, Captain Oh?\" Oh had been distracted so it took him a minute to register that Kyle had spoken. He smiled at his friend and simply stated, \"I has been doing 'the fine'. And I ams no longer Captain.\" Kyle chuckled. \"Yous shall always be Captain, Oh. But I was the wondering why you are being so much of the distracting.\" \"The distracted.\" \"Yes, the distracted.\" \"It is nothingness,\" Oh said, twiddling his fingers. Kyle looked unconvinced. \"Ares you sure. Has there been problems with the humansgirl that you are not for the telling to me?\" \"No…\" Oh immediately turned a brilliant shade of emerald. He briefly flashed red, angry that his emotions had given him away, then sighed. There was no use in hiding it now. Plus, maybe Kyle could help. \"I ams having the trouble of finding a gift for bestfriend Tip,\" he finally explained. Kyle seemed confused, so he elaborated, \"The humanscustoms include that of having a party-anniversary for special events. When invasion ended, Tip became my bestest friend. So we gets each others the 'gifts' to express our gratitudes. I am trying to think ofs a good gift for her.\" Kyle's eyes widened comically in realization. \"Ah… the parties wes all have. I didn't know you did exchanging of gifts then.\" Oh saw where Kyle's train of thought was going; he began to waves his hands vigorously, \"No! Only me and Tip do the exchanging - and maybes the mimom - it is not of the requirement!\" \"Okays, okays! Do of the calming, please. Uhm, what does Gratuity-humansgirl like? The flowers? Theys are a favourite snack of me.\" Oh looked uncomfortable with the idea. \"Er, nos. But thanking you that I am for the suggestion.\" \"Clotheses?\" \"Nuh-uh.\" \"The Jew-well-ree?\" \"Definitelies not.\" Kyle threw up his hands in exhasperation. \"Then I is not the knowing whatfor you to gets! This is greatest difficulty!\" Oh grabbed his arm desperately and attempted 'puppy-dog eyes' (which he was quite good at; at least from a human/Gratuity's viewpoint). \"Please!\" he begged. \"You must be the helping me! Or-or… I no invites you to the party!\" Kyle found the look quite hideous, but the idea of missing the party was even more horrifying. He had to think quickly, he had to - Ah-ha! he thought. He pulled Oh's hand off his arm, suggesting quickly, \"Why nots make a gift for friendGratuity? Dos the humans not love the gifts made-home? Ands you told me once that humansgirl-Gratuity thought your arts were a-mazing; draws a gift!\" \"Thats is most true,\" Oh said slowly, an idea already forming in his mind. \"I am no better than the other Boovs at the 'arts'. She calls it, er, the 'comics-arts'. Oh is thanking yous very much, Friend Kyle!\" He exclaimed, grabbing the other Boov's hands and hop-twirling around briefly. By time Tip came out of the store with one modest bag, he was his old self again. Kyle eventually said goodbye and went back to his duties, and Tip along with Oh went home. The party was in little over a week.[Chapter 2] A/N: Here is the next chap! Many thanks to favourites and follows. Special thanks to Sammy Heroes, Porsche 101 , Nyctra , and ZARROCHAN for reviewing! Another thanks to Sammy Heroes for 'listening' to me and helping out with ideas! (EDIT: Sorry for taking so long; I got busy, there was a thing, then I was sick. I also finished writing my novel … *Cough Cough* Point is, I'm back and as tired as ever!) (This chapter really changed as I wrote … I'm not very happy with it… chapter 3 should be better … ) So, this is \"set up phase 1\", then more set up, then the party, then abduction. That's the plan for now. DISCLAIMER: NEVER OWNED NEVER WILL. The next few days were a blur as they got ready for the next annual party. Oh had been diligently working on his gift for Tip, acting anxious and secretive. She had badgered him constantly, wanting to know 'What's up', but he held strong. Even currently, when she had snuck up upon him and asked, \"Whatcha drawin'?\", he had slid the picture out of sight and under some folders, mumbling incoherencies. She just shrugged them off. Oh was Oh, after all. After she had slunk away (no doubt headed to the kitchen, where Gratuitymom had called for her to do 'the dishes'), Oh carefully pulled the artistic piece out and continued. Oh loved to draw. Even though it wasn't considered an art form to the Boov, Oh had always enjoyed it. The stroke of a medium - whether pastels, pencils, or charcoal - and the sound of it brushing against paper always calmed him. Cleared his mind. It was something that required concentration and focus; but where some Boov saw it as a chore or 'ordinary', Oh saw it was a way to relax and have fun. He remembered when he first drew something and showed it to Tip. It was a little thing; a comic-panel of sorts explaining the origin of the Boov. All their aquatic beginnings and deaths by asphyxiation. Despite the bluntness of the story, Tip had been astounded by the art. It had befuddled him that she was so awestruck by it - after all, it was common among the Boov. Maybe that's why he couldn't focus as much, couldn't be pulled in by the lines and the curves, the soft shhth as dark pigmentation left coal to dried tree slice, the world composed of nothing more than dark against light … He did eventually get lost in it (not that he realized so) and it wasn't until he had just set his charcoal stick down, and a yell of \"JLo! Dinner!\" did he realize how much time had passed. He left the little desk (more like a glorified coffee-table) and hurried down the stairs to join the Tuccis. Lucy had made a nice lasagna to an old family recipe that was so good, even Oh appreciated it, despite odd tastes. It was a beautiful layered structure that could rival a good cake: the pasta not undercooked nor overcooked, ricotta melted betwixt the layers, the tomato sauce homemade with basil and other secret spices, and freshly ground beef that gave it a rich, meaty flavor. There was even some sparkling apple cider to drink with it. Ah, how they all loved pay-day. They dug in with gusto, Tip and Oh having seconds, and then thirds. It wasn't until their fourth serving (and Lucy's second) did they slow down and talk. It was the usual mundane stuff: \"How was school?\" \"Oh, y'know, gave us an assignment in …How was work?\" \"Good. Rachel told me … How was your day, Oh?\" \"I fixes the leak in Slushious today. You sees, there was a crack in the …\" And so forth. Eventually they got around to talking about the party. Since it wasn't long after New Years, they could get decorations a little cheaper (the anniversary wasn't recognized as an actual holiday). Tip wanted a 'wild' party: Balloons and streamers, pounding music, dips and chips … maybe even some of her acquaintances from school. Oh was fine with that, as long as he could invite some Boov, and he wanted his and Tip's favourite colors incorporated (Purple and Darker Green). Lucy was fine with whatever, as long as it wasn't too loud or wild - and some of her adult friends would come over. With this, they decided to go to the store tomorrow. And, as anyone knows, taking a (\"famous\") Boov to the store would not end well. Not one bit. It was an early 9:00 when they left, Tip and her mom grabbing a piece of toast, and Oh a burnt paper plate. After throwing on some thicker clothing to ward off the cold weather, they hopped into the car and Lucy drove them to a store that was similar to a certain mart with \"Wal\" in it. But this place was called Buck-in-hand palace, and was also similar to a certain store of red rings. Anyways, the Tuccis (and JLo) hopped out of the car and made their way through the half-filled parking lot. A few curious humans (and some that were not-so-nice) glanced at him, but didn't pay much heed. After all, Boov were a little more common these days. They entered without incident: The doors slid open with a whoosh! and closed with a clatter, the store's cold, artificial air washing over them. Lucy took the lead, nodding to a teen working at the counter (squinting, Oh could see that his nametag read \"Andre\", and he realized that this was the son of one of Gratuitymom's friends) and striding confidentaly towards the aisle the wanted to go through. It was one of those aisles at the end, where the shelves were either almost barren (or overfilled) with the leftover stuff no one wanted. Luckily, it was more filled today. They did manage to get the colors Oh wanted, and lots of streamers for Tip. But, (after Lucy was laden down with the decorations), they realized that they had forgotten a shopping cart. ( Again. ) Lucy sent Oh and Tip to go get one, while she struggled not to fall under or drop any of the decorations. This is where the problems started. Oh and Tip just strolled through the store, not feeling the need to hurry, despite Tip's Mimom being crushed under the weight of decorative items. They passed through aisles at a leisurely pace, pointing out items in excitement ( Oh ) and either agreeing with the enthusiasm or pointing out the price tag ( Tip ). They were almost to the front of the store when the two talking friends bumped into someone. \" Oof! \" \" Ow-pain! \" \" Oops. \" \" Sorry … ! \" \" Sorries! \" Oh helped Tip up and she dusted herself off as he went and helped the other person up. \"I am sooo sorry about that! Are you okay?\" She asked. He looked up and her green eyes met dark blue ones. \"Tip?\" \"Josh?\" The boy - Josh, apparently - smiled at her. He was fairly tall, and not too lanky, with soft, chocolate-brown hair and dark blue eyes, wearing a deep red jacket over a white shirt, and darkish-blue jeans. He gave Oh a quick nod, but quickly directed his gaze back to Tip. Oh tried not to grit his teeth in irritance. He may not know why , but he did know that he did not like this guy at all . Even if he seemed to be an \"acquaintance\" of Tip's. Josh did look sorry that he had bumped into them like that, and hastily apologized. \"Look, I'm sorry about tha-\" \"No need,\" Tip cut him off. \"It was an accident, so no one's really at fault.\" Oh huffed quietly. He gave her another quick smile, \"Okay, fair enough. What are you doing here anyways? I'm shopping with my grandmother.\" Tip replied a little too quickly for Oh's liking. \"We're getting stuff for the anniversary party - y'know, the one I told you about on Monday.\" His eyes lit up. \"Oh yeah! You did mention that! I'm looking forward to it, and so is Macy.\" Oh noticed that Tip tensed a little, and assumed that she wasn't fond of this \"Macy\" person. Whatfor, he didn't know. After all, it was humanspeople-relationship … social … stuff. Or something. He needed to reread that psychology textbook on humans. Tip nodded and gave a small smile. \"I'm glad. It'll be around seven. Expect Boov,\" she said as a fake warning, which Oh caught on meaning that this \"Josh\" was okay with Boov. He nodded once, eyes flickering over to Oh, and he gave him a small smile, which the Boov didn't return. Not that Josh would catch on to Oh's irritance - it wasn't strong enough to change his color, nor did his blank, frog-like face contort with it. But he did return a nod, just to be polite. \"I expected so,\" said Josh. And to JLo's surprise, he added, \"Tip talks about you all the time; It's nice to meet you, Oh.\" He was even more shocked when Josh stuck out his hand, and he shook it mutely. Flashing Tip one last grin, he said, \"See you guys later!\" It was silent after he left - awkwardly so on Oh's part, and a different way on Tip's part that Oh couldn't figure out. It wasn't a bad silence. If anything, she looked … dreamy . A sudden anger filled him, one that he was unfamiliar with. He quickly shoved it down to avoid becoming a traffic stop, but he couldn't push it away completely. Not with Tip looking so far-off on 'the perfect planet'. And not when the cause, Josh , was going to their special present-day party. To be continued in chapter 3 … A/N: I'm gonna cry. I hate this chapter so much. :'(. Ah well, the next one should be better. Hopefully. :D ","Summary":" A/N: So, uh, another Home fanfic - this time a full story. I'm really obsessed with one-sided Oh/Ti"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Poems About Carrie","Author":"EmberEmi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11918787","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Can't I have friends of my own? All I wanted to do was be just like them Really I just wanted some Friends Really I just want to be accepted I have to try to be a whole Person Either way I'm going to the prom Was I to weird for just One Night, one magical Night with Tommy How Could They Do That, ruin my night? I am not gonna Stand and Let This Happen Tonight I am the queen, Either way the Joke is On Them[Chapter 2] Cruller than any girl at school How Could she be so mean to Carrie White? Really went too far with the bulling Is Now going to ruin Carries Prom... and Everyone Else's She and her Boyfriend Billy Nolan going to slaughter some pigs How Could she be so Cruel? All of her Friends died that Night Really, she helped create the black prom Going away and Never Gonna Come Back Everyone is Now Dead Now she's Gonna Have to Face Carrie Alone She Lost Her Friends That Night Either way, she thinks She's Won Now She And Billy Are Going to pay the price.[Chapter 3] Someone had to be Nice To Carrie... Usually She Wouldn't feel sorry for her, But after the shower incident, she felt bad Everyone was going to the Prom, So Why Couldn't Carrie? She Asked Tommy To ask Her To The Prom Not Knowing It Would Backfire Everyone But Her Went Living a Life Without Tommy Living a Life With Her Unborn Child[Chapter 4] The boy who asked Carrie to prom. Only because Sue asked him to. Maybe prom will be fine? Maybe this isn't such a bad idea Yet he didn't know What he was in for. Remember, he did it for Sue Only... He doesn't know what ill happen. Something he doesn't know that he will die. Still he will enjoy the night ","Summary":" Can't I have friends of my own? All I wanted to do was be just like them Really I just wanted some "},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"We'll Always Have Paris","Author":"875265","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12883827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Granted, this was not the first time she's done it, but I must admit there were times when it really got out of hand. Par exemple: I had been chopping vegetables for the scampi that needed to go out. A world-renowned critic, Absolon, was coming to the restaurant this week, prepared to give us a Michelin star rating, and everything in the meantime had to be perfect. Even though my nerves likened to get the better of me like always, I was ready. With the rat in my hat, anything was possible. She, however, was never just ready; she was flawless. A true perfectionist. I'd watched her from my post several times before-sautéeing, flipping, tossing, handling ingredients with ease. I stared, with my mouth hanging wide open. I even envied her sometimes. This night, however, everything went wrong. Everything I did, anyway. The tomatoes were not sliced right; they were too thick, not sliced thickly enough. But I had been following the book this time, memorized the steps to a T. Anyway, it was the rat doing it all, not me. She showed me her method, in the midst of all the chaos, and I was grateful. I replicated her movements and almost got my finger sliced off. I tried to defy the rat in my hat's frantic yanking on my hair and tried to do it her way, and a sweat even broke out on the back of my neck, but in the end, it was useless. The knife landed on my hand this time. I went to go run it under some cold water as she looked for a rag to wrap it. Skinner poked his head out. \"What is all this?\" he demanded. \"We got customers out there! Vite!\" \"Y-Yes, chef! Sorry, chef!\" Skinner's eyes narrowed and he slunk away to his office, probably to pace and agonize over the critic like the rest of us. She came over and tightly wound the cloth around my now-useless hand. \"Sorry,\" I mumbled. Don't do it again, she mouthed.[Chapter 2] After a long night of cooking, I invited her to my apartment to watch Paris from the balcony up above with a bottle of blackberry wine. She came early, throwing her bag on the sofa and kicking her shoes off, observing the quaintness of the place. She said that this was something we could do every Saturday night, if I was game for it. I poured her a glass and massaged the spot on my head that had been yanked all day by my rat. I rubbed my shoulder where earlier that week I had been whaled on for boiling the noodles a second too long. Again. Guess the pressure was really on. She snuggled against me and I rested my chin on her head as we watched the couple down below chase each other and make out under the bright lights in passionate amour.[Chapter 3] The rat stared into the mirror with a mixture of confusion, concern and complete horror. My right eye was now purple. My taped-up nose might as well have been hanging on for dear life. My lip was split down the middle. My clothes were on, but I knew that bruises had started to form on my shoulder. I smiled weakly, slid on sunglasses and gave the story; I hadn't been looking where I was going on my way to work and tripped over my own two feet and fell right down the stairs. Clumsy me . The rat's expression didn't change. I put my hat on with him inside it. \"A votre santé,\" I teased and swiped the keys on my way out. I imagined ignoring his Et toi, if rats could talk.[Chapter 4] In the sweet, sweet solitude of the pantry, there was nowhere to go and nobody around to hear anything. The critic had come and gone and had given us two stars. After screaming for nearly half an hour about my tendency to misplace things and how that might have contributed to this disaster, she started to hammer in (not literally-thank goodness for that). No but pots, pans, the wooden spoon, ladles, anything you could think of and more would have to do. When we stepped outside, Skinner reamed us both out, demanded to know who was responsible for knocking what over. Her eyes slid over to me, and my hand instinctively shot in the air. \"We were messing around. I toppled things over. I… it was an accident.\" Of course I was incapable of looking anyone in the eye. That seemed to satisfy Skinner as he stalked off, muttering curses under his breath about the staff and his lack of luck. You and me both, boss.[Chapter 5] In an outdoor caf é , the escargot arrived swiftly, piping hot. Pretty delicious. I mean at least I thought so. She dunked a snail in the butter, remarking that she could do much better. I could do better too, if I applied myself. I have a few specialties up my sleeve, I said. I said as the son of Gusteau, I should know something about the craft. That's what I said. That's why I was here, wasn't it? She nodded. But was I improving? It wasn't enough to be the son of a famous chef; I had to always, consistently strive for perfection. But isn't perfection kind of a fallacy? Nope. Not for me. And of course you knew this when you met me. She brought the napkin to her lips. It doesn't even matter. Then why'd you bring it up? She shook her head, not wanting to make a scene in front of all these nice people. I didn't want to rat him out (ha) but I'd tried my master's cooking. It was beyond anything I've ever tasted before. Critics raved. Even Skinner approved. He made me believe in food again. I shrugged. Maybe I'm not the one who needs to improve… I muttered. She smiled and cocked her head, daring me to repeat myself. I did. She flipped the table, scattering our drinks and snails all over the rue, garnering a few startled cries. I tried to run after her, but I got stuck with the tab.[Chapter 6] As I was about to hop into the shower the next night, the door swung open. She came barreling in like a bull out of a chute and scared me half to death. She had forgotten her bottle-cap necklace over here days ago and was not about to leave without it. Her eyes swept over my body and she froze. The shame and humiliation of being nude-in front of, well in front of anybody-engulfed me and I snatched the towel off the doorknob. \"Did I…\" She swallowed. \"Did I do that?\" I glanced out the window. Golden light filtered into the room. I could see through the slit in the curtains that it was going to be quite a night in Paris. The tears fell in no time. She was trembling and, I'm so sorry she kept saying over and over. I wasn't brave enough to ask why. I walked over and put my arms around her. \"Shhh, it's okay. I'm okay.\" I caught sight of my rat watching from a crevice in the wall. He just gave me this withering look and crawled back inside, shaking his little head. \"Come on.\" I kissed the top of her head. \"It doesn't hurt, I promise,\" I tried again, my voice sounding thicker and distinctly different. Nothing was working. \"I love you.\" I was begging by this point. \"There's no need to… please don't cry… \" And then tears flooded my vision. This was getting us nowhere. So we just kind of stayed like that for a while as all the hot water ran out in the bathroom.[Chapter 7] I felt a little better after following her to her place, getting a fresh shower and getting all bandaged up, which I also enjoyed. I lay my head in her lap and she touched my face tenderly and swore it would never get out of hand like that again. And I believe her, I do. We talked a little while longer. And we vowed to become better, both at our craft and to each other. And we ate the bruschetta that she made by candlelight. And we continued to have Paris. ","Summary":" Granted, this was not the first time she's done it, but I must admit there were times when it reall"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Broken, You Can't Heal Me","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12442174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: In which Boov can feel happy feelings, but they come with consequences. Notes: yes, so, alright! If someone shows interest in this, doesn't matter how many, if just one of you so much as hints at a vague interest, then I will continue this little fic. If no one says or does anything, then this will continue being what it is now- a one shot! Ps- Oh's lying, but he believes in what he says, which is why he doesn't turn green! It's up to you to figure out what I'm talking about. Tip found him crying, curled into a ball on her bed. \"Oh?\" she spoke softly, stepping into the room. He gave a startled sound and hastily dried away some tears, hiding his right hand behind his back. \"T-Tip…\" he muttered, and new tears welled up in his eyes. \"Oh!\" Tip said, startled, and rushed over to him. \"Are you okay?\" He didn't meet her gaze when he slowly shook his head. \"No, I am not.\" That was all she needed. She crawled into the bed and drew him close to her, hugging him tightly. \"What's wrong?\" she whispered, closing her eyes. Some time passed where he just hugged her back, tighter than she hugged him, silently crying into her shoulder. Then he answered. \"I am dying.\" Tip froze, and all color disappeared from her face. Her heart sped up and a sound like rushing water was deafening her. \"…what,\" she said, her voice spiky and torn. Oh tore himself away from her. \"I am dying,\" he repeated, still not looking at her. \"Why?\" Tip asked, eyes blown wide, fear sneaking up on her and clawing at her heart. \"Why are you dying!?\" Slowly, ever so slowly, he held his right hand out for inspection. There- there was a crack in it. There was a crack in Oh's hand. The skin looked dry, way too dry, and there was a crack. in Oh's. hand. He wasn't bleeding or anything, it was simply just a crack in his hand, as if he was- drying out, or made of porcelain or something- \"Oh?\" she said shakily. \"Can we stop this?\" Tears filled his eyes again, his skin turning dark, dark blue, the darkest color she'd ever seen him wear. It was nearly black. \"No,\" he whispered. \"We cannot. It will do the spreading, until it is hitting my heart.\" \"Where's your heart?\" Tip asked, pushing away emotions for just a little while more. She had to know. She had to know how long her best friend had left to live. \"Oh, where's your heart!?\" He silently placed a hand on the round pocket almost in the middle of his Boov tunic. \"It is spreading fast,\" he whispered emotionlessly. Tip cried. She held him to her chest for hours, although he still didn't look at her. And she was crying, her throat sore, her eyes red and stinging. Crying because she would lose him. She had no words to describe the feeling she felt, but if she tried, she would compare it to a volcano in her heart, spitting lava and pain and hurt and sorrow throughout her body. In the end, she could feel the sadness and desperation out into her fingers and toes. \"No,\" she whispered when neither she nor Oh had any more tears left. \"No!\" And a cracking noise echoed through the room. Tip sat up and yanked Oh's hand to her. Carefully, mind you, of course she was careful he was dying for god's sake- The crack was deeper, now, and it had spread further across his palm. New tears fell from Tip's eyes. \"I don't want to lose you,\" she whispered harshly. \"Not again!\" Another cracking noise, and Tip gave a loud gasp, falling backwards and crawling away from him, almost falling out of the bed. \"Is it me?\" she cried. This had to stop, she had to stop it, she couldn't lose him, not now, not when she had just realized- \"Am I doing it!?\" she yelled. Oh looked almost embarrassed when he frowned in sadness. \"No,\" he said. His skin turned green and the embarrassed look changed to an even sadder one. She was -! It was her, she was doing this oh god, oh god, oh god- \"Then I will stay away from you,\" Tip declared wildly, not caring about the fact that he lied. She took another step backwards, away from the bed. Maybe it would help if she isolated herself, she reasoned. If she was doing it she would run away or something, he had to live- ! The Boov's eyes widened in both shock and fear. A new cracking sound, and whatever it was that was killing him begun its decent up his arm. He winced in pain and hissed lightly. \"It does not mattering, Tip,\" he tried desperately, putting his good hand over the crack, as if trying to hide it. \"It will not help if you are staying away, it will only get worse!\" Tip gritted her teeth and sobbed as she realized she couldn't do anything. Anything at all, to save his life. She threw herself onto the bed again and took her best friend into her arms. And a new crack appeared.[Chapter 2] Notes: argh, Tip is so hard to write! I normally write with Oh as the narrative, can you tell? It's hard to write him from an outside point of view, urgh… And! And! Next update won't come before someone answers this! Selfish Tip or selfless Tip, that is the question! I won't tell you the outcome, but will Tip be selfish- or selfless? Tip couldn't fall asleep. It wasn't that she didn't want to! Of course she wanted to fall asleep, get a little break, you know? A break from the pain, from the sorrow. But… no. She was tired, exhausted even, but she still couldn't fall asleep . So obviously, she was doing something sensible, like reading a book or cleaning her room. She was definitely not watching her best friend sleep. No. Nope. Not at all. She sighed and placed her face in her hands, drawing a shaky breath of despair. He looked so peaceful. Did Boovs dream? If they did, Tip didn't think Oh was doing it now. Every now and then his skin would flash blue, he'd whimper, and then calm down again. Did that count as dreaming? Or was it just feelings? How did this happen? When had it happened? Why was she causing it, or making it worse? Why would it become even worse if she stayed away? Was this all her fault? Could she actually blame someone? Did this happen to other Boovs? Was it true that she couldn't stop it, hinder it, or slow it down? Well, Oh hadn't turned green, so he couldn't be lying, right? Tip sighed again. Oh had refused to answer all of these questions when she had asked. Her eyes drifted from his peaceful, sleeping face to his right arm. The sickness had taken over the whole thing now. It was a network of cracks, almost like a spider web. The difference was that it was possible to remove a spider web. This? Not so much. It had reached his shoulder. Already , Oh had said in surprise/shock/fear/sadness. She wasn't quite sure which one it was, and his skin refused to give it away. Though he'd refused to answer a lot of her questions, there was one he did answer. Will it go straight for your heart? His answer was vague, though, and she couldn't get that much from it. It depends . It didn't seem like it was moving towards his heart, and Tip wasn't sure if she was happy or sad at the fact. For a short moment, the sleeping Boov's skin flashed pink. Another crack and a wince from Oh. The pink color disappeared again. It was obvious that it was painful for him, and the more cracks, the more painful it was. Was she selfish to hope that it would take his heart last? Probably. But at this rate, he would die in a few days if the sickness went straight for his heart. If not, it might take a week, perhaps two if they were… lucky? Unlucky? Tip's lip started to quiver, and she began crying silently. Desperately. When the first rays of sunshine forced themselves into the room, her eyes finally closed and she succumbed to sleep. Oh held a speech later that day, in the Boov Mothership. It was broadcasted over all of Earth to all residing Boovs, as well as to all Boovphones out there. There were many tears among the Boovs when her friend neared the end of it. He seemed so serene when he spoke; as if he couldn't care less whether he lived or died, even though his skin was dark, dark blue. But Tip knew him, almost better than he knew himself –almost, mind you, almost- and she could tell that he was upset. Incredibly upset, and sad, and horrified. And- and scared. He was scared. But it wasn't the same kind of fear as the one he'd felt when they started their adventure together. No. This was… different, much rawer, so much more forceful, it was a fear that ate up all hope and light and happiness inside. The speech was in Boovspeak, and Tip wasn't sure if she was relieved or not. She wasn't sure what to make out of all the Boovs throwing glances in her direction either, but no one said anything and she didn't dare ask Oh. \"Oh.\" The Boov turned around to face her with a sad expression. \"Is this normal for Boovs? To crack up and die ?\" That's right, Tip, yes, ignore your emotions, yes, good, good, make it seem like you don't care- Oh looked down with a frown. He opened his mouth as if to speak, but closed it again. \"…no,\" he finally said. \"It is not.\" He looked up at her again. \"How normal is it, then? What causes it? Why does it happen?\" He swallowed hard. \"I will be sparing you the details,\" he said quietly, and hurried away, leaving a frustrated Tip in his wake. \"That little-\" She took a deep breath. \"Alright. Okay. You can do this. Now, where is Kyle?\" \"Kyle!\" Tip called, and the Boov officer gave her a mild look of surprise. \"Gratuity, what are you doing here?\" \"I've told you, it's Tip ,\" Tip said. \"But that's not it. What causes the cracks? Why does it happen?\" Kyle widened his eyes in surprise. \"He hasn't told you?\" She shook her head silently. \"That stupid bastard,\" Kyle muttered. \"If he hasn't told you then I can't either.\" Tip groaned and pulled her hair. She had to know this. If nothing else, she had to know . She couldn't walk around for the rest of her life, not knowing why Oh had died. \"At least not the details,\" Kyle stated, and Tip let go of her hair. \"Tell me.\" Kyle took a deep breath. \"Boov are neutral creatures,\" he began. \"Too happy or too… sad-ish feelings will have consequences. We can be… trained, to have these emotions –all of the raw emotions, do not put them under an umbrella-, if we feel them often and in small dozes we can take it fairly well. However, if you're incredibly happy or incredibly sad very suddenly, aka if you feel more than you're able to, then…\" he trailed of and swallowed heavily. \"Oh no,\" Tip whispered, and felt the tears well up again. \"Seriously?\" Kyle nodded. \"He's dying because he's happy…\" Kyle, again, bobbed his head sadly. \"I'm afraid so, Gratuity.\" She fell to her knees and hugged him tight. Kyle was too startled to react. \"Thank you, Kyle,\" Tip said when she released him. \"Is there- is there any way to stop this from happening?\" \"It depends on the feeling,\" Kyle said. \"Some of the…\" He gestured a bit with his hands while he searched for the word. \"… rawer emotions are close to impossible to stop if they have first begun. An umuzwa will never heal.\" Tip frowned and tapped her chin as she thought. \"He said… he said that I'm causing it… and that it would become worse if I stayed away from him…\" Kyle looked on with pain evident in his eyes, as if it physically hurt him to know the truth and not be able to tell her. \"Captain JLo is a very happy Boov,\" Kyle chimed in. \"Always has been, always will be. His tolerance for happiness is much higher than most Boovs. I don't know about his sadness tolerance, though.\" \"It's high,\" Tip said absentmindedly. \"It must be. He's had a difficult childhood. Which means that he tolerates a lot of both. I must make him really, really happy…\" Did it make her a horrible person if she felt flattered at that? Like, really, really flattered? I mean, she was blushing while she said it. \"And the thought of me leaving him must be worse than his childhood if it would make it worse than if I stayed…\" There was a pause, and then a determined spark lit up in her eyes. Tip looked up sharply, meeting Kyle's gaze. \"What are the raw emotions a Boov can feel?\" He answered immediately to her cold tone. \"Sorrow, fear, joy, anger, love-\" Tip's eyes widened and she interrupted him by drawing a sharp breath and saying \"Oh my god,\" flatly. New tears filled her eyes. Again. \"Oh my god.\" Kyle seemed even more pained. \"What?\" he forced out through clenched teeth, desperate to be able to tell her. \"He loves me-!\" There was a pause, and then Tip screamed in despair. Loudly. Halfway through it twisted into a sob. \"He loves me…\"[Chapter 3] Notes: alright so no one actually told me to have either self less or self ish Tip, and I was impatient, so I kind of… combined them? Yayy for me! Not proofread, so you have to suffer through my mistakes, mwahahah! EDIT: AH! If there's enough people who wants it, then a sequel might be on its way... Tip wanted to scream. She wanted to scream so badly, but her throat was already sore and she didn't want it to get worse. Her legs were going like drumsticks; she was running faster than she had ever ran before. To where she had no idea. She hoped it was towards home. He loves me. He loves me. She had to tell him that she knew! She had to, he deserved to know. He would die faster, much faster, but he couldn't die not knowing, I mean come on! She sped up, tears stinging in her eyes. He loves me. That was why he was cracking up, why he was dying. He loved her- he'd never loved before, he loved her and if they couldn't stop this well then let him at least die happily - Yes! There the apartment was! Thank God for muscle memory! She ran up the stars without second thought, slamming the door open. \"Oh!\" she cried. That was when the exhaustion caught up with her. Tip wasn't a marathon runner. She wasn't a runner at all, when she thought about it. She couldn't run fast over short periods of time. She couldn't run slow over long either. She leaned against the wall to her right and slid to the floor as her body collapsed, panting heavily, wheezing and clutching her chest. \"Tip!\" Oh gasped and hurried over to her. He loves me. \"Are you the okay?\" he asked worriedly. Tip nodded. She couldn't speak. \"Ran,\" she managed to wheeze out nonetheless. \"You were running?\" Oh guessed and she nodded again. \"Why- neverminding. Can I does anything for you?\" Tip shook her head. Then, after a small pause, she nodded. \"Water,\" she croaked, and Oh shot up to fetch some for her. He loves me. She gulped down the glass of water Oh gave her. A few moments later, she breathed more regularly. \"Oh, I-\" She broke herself off, a sudden pang of doubt running through her. What if Kyle was wrong? What if she was wrong? What if he didn't love her? Tip swallowed and tried again. \"Oh, do you love me?\" The Boov froze. He slowly turned around and tried to walk away. \"Oh,\" Tip pled. \"Please.\" Oh turned back towards her and bit his lip nervously, his gaze looking at everything that wasn't her. Finally, he closed his eyes. \"Yes,\" he grunted out. Thank God. He loves me . She reached out after him, and he settled into her embrace willingly, hugging her as tight as his right side allowed him to. \"I am sorries,\" he muttered into her shoulder. \"For what?\" \"I was not meaning to falling in love with you,\" he whispered, his skin once again turning blue. A new crack appeared, this time on the side of his face. He whimpered in either pain or fright. It could have been both, but Tip wasn't sure. \"Oh, please don't do that,\" Tip begged. \"I love you, too!\" The Boov froze and tore himself away from her. \"Do not be lying to me,\" he said angrily. \"What?\" Tip asked in disbelief, widening her eyes. \"You cannot be loving me,\" Oh protested, stepping away from her. \"You are humanspersons. I am not believing you!\" \"Why would I be lying about this?\" Tip barked, sitting up on her knees. \"I wouldn't lie to you about something this big! \" \"Maybe so that I could be happin-\" He stopped abruptly and gasped, face going blank and skin paling. \"Oh.\" \"You see? I wouldn't lie so that you could die faster , you doof! I'm telling you this so that you can know the truth! \" There was a short, marvelous moment where Oh stood perfectly still. Then he sat down next to her on the floor. \"You are loving me?\" \"I am.\" At her words, that hot pink color appeared on his skin again and he smiled widely. His face cracked up more at the smile though, with that sickening, horrifying sound that would hunt her throughout her life. The whole right side of his face was now a spider web network. He winced and yelped in pain, slapping a hand over his right eye. \"Oh?\" Tip asked, frowning in worry, reaching out after him. He removed his hand gingerly and blinked up at her. She gasped. The crack went straight through his eye and his formerly blue iris was now black. Tip covered her mouth with her hand, horrified tears blurring her vision. Oh took a shivering breath. \"There goes my seeing,\" he said flatly, turning away from her. She grimaced. Seeing him like this was... it was… the worst thing she'd ever seen, the worst feeling she'd ever had. He looked like something from a horror game. Slowly, on shaky legs, she pushed herself up from the floor. Oh shot her a curious look. \"I'll fetch the bandages. These cracks won't be filled with bacteria shit if I can hinder it.\" A new set of cracks appeared on his skin. By the time Tip was done bandaging Oh's arm, the cracks made it harder for him to speak and smell, as they crossed his mouth and one of his smelling… thingies. They had, fortunately, not torn through his left eye so he could still –barely- see. Summary: they were almost covering his whole face. Apparently, the cracks seemed to be moving around his heart, as if to torture him- they went for his chest, his back, head and legs, but it steered clear of the skin above his heart. It was hard for him to walk when they neared the end of the day. That couldn't be blamed only on the sickness though, part of the reason was that Tip had turned him into a teletubby, wrapping almost all of him in bandages. He didn't complain, even though the \"she cares about me\" part caused more cracks to appear as she was bandaging the other cracks. It went fast, way too fast, and in the end Tip stopped because it was only getting worse. \"Tip,\" Oh said when night was drawing closer. It sounded more like Tiph, but she understood what he meant. \"I might not be surviving the night.\" Tip shut her eyes and fought the tears. \"I know,\" she whispered. \"I'll stay awake or something.\" \"Thanking you,\" he murmured, and winced as the muffled sound of cracking could be heard. \"For everything.\" Tip wheezed as the lump in her throat grew larger and larger by the second, threatening to choke her. She bit her lip hard to focus on something else, and Oh clearly noticed her eyes watering. His skin turned blue. \"I am sorries,\" he repeated. \"But- be crying if you are needing to, Tip.\" She did. When she held him in her arms, she could feel the bandages shifting and moving under her arms as his skin cracked even more. \"I love you, Oh… I love you so much.\" It was the last straw. Oh choked, and his fingers curled around the cloth of her sweater. As he clutched it in his fist, Tip noticed with a sickening feeling that his heart begun to beat unevenly. The steady thump, thu-thu-thump staggered. \"No-!\" she gasped. \"No, no, no, no, no! \" She hadn't actually believed it before now, or maybe it just hadn't sunk in completely. Well, now it was too late. He was dying. Oh was dying. \"Thank you, too,\" she hurried to say through the tears that were sliding silently down her cheeks. \"Thank you, Oh!\" \"Tip,\" he choked. \"I- I am loving you-\" \"Yes,\" Tip whispered, and placed a hand on his cheek, biting her lip. The other hand rested just above his heart. She blinked hard to get rid of her tears; she wanted to see him, to know him, remember this forever - \"Yes, Oh, I know, I love you too!\" She let out a sob as he shuddered in her arms. His heart gave one last, desperate beat, and then- it stopped. \"No…\" Tip said. \"No, please, don't die, Oh- I love you, too! \" There was a pause as she fought the urge to scream again. \" God-fucking-damnit ,\" she snarled instead, sorrow suddenly morphing into anger. \" Where are the magical tears when you need them!? Disney, you fucking liar!\" She was desperate, yes, alright, she wanted someone to blame and right now Disney seemed like a good candidate- She stopped that train and thought by pressing her lips to Oh's with a small, yet bright, hope in the darkest pit of her soul. Please, please, please- She knew that with a human, that wouldn't work. But a human wouldn't die because of love. Heartbreak… well, they could, but love? Not so much. With a human, kissing them would not work. But Oh isn't a human , her thoughts argued. Oh isn't a human. Please, please, please, please- Nothing happened. Tip sat back and cradled his face in her hands, staring down at him. She closed her eyes and inhaled shakily. She knew this. Exhale. She had learning this. Inhale. The problem was remembering. Exhale. Where she'd learned it she couldn't recall, but the point was that she knew it. Inhale. \"I swear,\" she whispered, her voice barely audible in the empty room. All other noises disappeared; the only thing she could focus on was her own breath, voice and heartbeat. \"To Mother Earth, she'll be our only witness, the only one to see…\" She took a deep breath. Her heartbeat made itself known in her hands, she could feel it with every thump - thump, and some deep layer of her mind begged . \"How much… you mean… to me…\" Another deep breath. Tip fought her emotions. Don't feel, don't feel, it'll break it- On a whim, she blurted out with her own little plea. \"Please, live, Oh, and I- I'll be your Princess, your Queen even, if you want me to, I'll- I'll be the mother for your children, your best friend, the one you always can talk to-\" A third deep breath. \" So mote it be.\" Her lips felt cold as she said the words. Cold and stiff, as if someone had held them against ice for too long. Her fingers were in the same condition; cold and stiff. Thump-thump , her heart said as it sped up. Thump-thump. Thump-thump . Tip kissed him again. e-! Don't do this to me , she begged in her thoughts. Please don't do this to either of us, please, come on, I love him back don't let him suffer- There was the tiniest of a thump beneath her palm. She had her eyes closed, so she didn't notice it- but the cracks were slowly closing up. Please, whoever's listening, God, Buddha, anyone , I love him, he loves me, don't take him away from me, please, please, please- Underneath her, Oh took a deep breath. And two hearts beat as one. Thump-thump. Thump-thump . ","Summary":" Summary: In which Boov can feel happy feelings, but they come with consequences. Notes: yes, so, al"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Adventures of Jess, Abe and Winter","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12408921","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Three Years Earlier, 24 th December \"Oh?\" The Boov Captain turned his head towards his Homo Sapiens soulmate. \"Yes, Tip?\" She smiled at him for reasons unknown. \"Are we, like, officially married now, or…?\" she asked, raising an eyebrow and waving her right hand around in a circle. \"Ah- no, no we are not. You would be considering to be my fiancé, but not the wife,\" Oh explained, sitting down on their bed. Tip frowned, slightly puzzled, and sat down next to him. \"When will people look at us and go 'hey, married couple!'?\" Oh shot her a look including a raised eyebrow –or the Boov version, anyways- and she rolled her eyes. \"I know, it's not a perfectly crafted sentence, give me a break.\" He chuckled, but soon his laughter died away. \"Well,\" he begun, chewing on his lip and wondering how to put it into words. \"We would have to do the- the thing.\" \"The… thing ?\" Tip asked, narrowing her eyes in confusion. Oh looked at her again, this time blankly. \"O-oh. That thing.\" \"That thing,\" Oh agreed, successfully throwing the torch at her so she could say the next sentence. There was a slight pause, and then Tip reached out and grabbed his hand in hers. It was her way to ask for a bit more comfortable and private way of talking. Even though the effects caused by being far from the other had ceased after almost a whole year –and would cease more, they theorized- they rather preferred to stay close anyway, and talking over the link was, obviously, more private than talking out loud. :Is this you, uhm. Asking me to do the, the thing with you?: Tip asked hesitantly, looking away from her soulmate and blushing furiously. Oh raised his eyebrow again and chuckled once more. :No, it's not. I know that it is considered taboo if girls do the thing when they are too young: he explained, even though he couldn't fight off the blush either, the orange and yellow* stripes rolling over his purple skin showing off his slight discomfort at discussing this with her. As Tip turned her head even further away from him, refusing to look at him, her nervousness shone through. :But- but you- you are willing to- to do the thing with me? And- and physically capable, right?: Oh's expression softened. \"Of course, Tip,\" he whispered, and the humansperson started. :Although I'm not sure whether I can give you children or not the natural way- when you are ready, I am ready, okay?: \"O-okay,\" she answered, and this time she did look at him, throwing a soft smile in his direction. Then she frowned again. \" Naturally ?\" Oh ignored her slipping up and grinned. \"Yes. You do remembering that Boov are masters at manipulating genes, yes?\" She opened her mouth, widened her eyes, and didn't close her mouth for a while either. \"Ooooooooooooooooooooh,\" she exclaimed after almost three minutes and Oh had begun to worry if he had broken her. \"Oh,\" she said, and tears filled her eyes as she took his other hand in hers, too, and rested her forehead on his. \"I love you so much. I'm so glad to have you in my life, and one day, I'll be happy to have you as a husband.\" He smiled at her, and she gave him a short, passionate kiss before she hugged him warmly. Present Time , 4 th August The strange, married couple –and strange it was indeed, with a seventeen-year-old human girl and a sixteen-year-old male Boov*, bonded by mind and body- lay side by side on the large bed, both of them panting hard and trying to catch their breath. The human –her name was Gratuity, Gratuity Tucci, but her friends called her Tip- broke the almost-silence suddenly when she snorted loudly. She turned around, laying on her stomach instead, and pressed her face into a pillow, trying to muffle her laughter. The Boov –he was the Boov Captain, mind you, but didn't like to be called JLo, he preferred Oh- sighed heavily and rolled his eyes before he crossed his arms and sat up. \"The- the sounds you made!\" Tip's shriek was very much audible through the pillow. By the sound of it, she was fully aware of this fact. \"Oh my God you sounded like a dying puppy,\" she gasped and howled with laughter once again. Oh rolled his eyes, drummed his fingers against his bare arm and looked in the opposite direction. \"Well, you were sounding like a whale,\" he muttered good-naturedly, and had to bite his lower lip to keep from laughing himself. He had made quite the hilarious sounds after all. And yes, it sounded a lot like a dying puppy, but surely that couldn't be just him- right? (he soon joined her in laughter not that he would ever admit it) When their laughter finally died down, they were sitting next to each other, Tip –being fairly short- resting her head on top of Oh's. \"The sex was good though,\" she said after a while. \"The sex was good,\" Oh agreed with a nod. (They begun laughing again) 19 th August Oh was concerned. There had been discovered a few other Boov with human soulmates, and they wanted to be able to marry each other legally. Tip was fine with marrying him the Boov way, since it was illegal for humans to even consider marrying someone of the same gender , but not all humans or Boov were happy with just that. Oh, being the Boov captain, was supposed to have a meeting with some of the most important leaders among the humans to see if they could come to an agreement. It would be his first real act as the Boov Captain, the Boov leader, since most of the problems among Boov had been taken care of rather quickly. \"Hey, are you worrying about that meeting again, inyoni*?\" a voice called, and Oh looked up from the dining table just in time for Tip to press a chaste kiss to his forehead. He smiled softly at her. She was seventeen now, and had finished school just three months ago. Lucy, her Mymom, was out of town to do something work related –Oh hadn't quite caught it, all he knew was that Tip and him were going to be alone for around a week. \"Don't be,\" Tip said as she smiled back. Her hair was fixed so it wouldn't fall in her face and her dark green eyes were shining with joy. The apron she wore had once been white –it wasn't anymore- and at the corner of her mouth there was a spot of light blue paint. \"I'm sure it's going to work out perfectly,\" she comforted him and went to wash the brushes she'd just used. Do you know about the moments where you just look at a person and you're suddenly hit with the thought and feeling that \"I love you. I love you so much.\" That was how Oh felt at that moment, and his skin did nothing to hide it. \"Now, what do you think about this, Oh?\" his wife asked, and cocked her head at her own painting. Oh turned around in his chair to look at it, raising an eyebrow skeptically. \"It is… fine, I guess?\" he decided on, and shrugged helplessly. He honestly didn't know. Tip laughed happily. \"Silly me, I should know better than to ask you. You just don't get art,\" she said lightly, with a shake of her head. \"Just as I don't get Boov music.\" \"Excuse me, I did get that first painting, from when we were to the Paris,\" Oh shot back, crossing his arms stubbornly. \"Oh yeah? Just how long time did that take. Four years?\" Tip flopped down in the chair opposite of him, folding her apron over the chair next to her. \"You are wounding me, Tip,\" he whined, and patted his chest desperately. \"And I will have you to know, I got it the next day.\" Tip didn't answer besides chuckling, and Oh counted it as a win. \"Now,\" she said, and turned serious very suddenly. \"Tell me what you want to talk to me about.\" A glare followed this command, and Oh's smile faded. Of course she would know that he wanted to talk to her. Of course. \"Uh-\" He poked his index fingers together nervously. \"When- when are you thinking about having- having children?\" This had been troubling him for a while. The process of combining genes didn't take a long time when it was between two Boov, but with a humansperson and a Boov… it might take longer, because there was so much work concerning it. It seemed like Tip had awaited something much more serious –as if it wasn't serious enough- and she sighed in relief. \"Well,\" she said, eyes flicking around the room, as she seemed to think about it. \"It depends.\" Oh tilted his head. \"On what?\" \"Tell me, Oh,\" Tip said, leaning forward and stippling her fingertips together in what he recognized as the \"evil hand triangle\". He gulped. \"As the Boov Captain's wife, will I ever have to worry about finding a job?\" \"Er…\" He considered this. \"Not for the moment, no.\" \"Okay,\" Tip drew the A sound out, looking pleased. \"Then what about later?\" \"Later?\" \"When you're older and can't be the leader anymore,\" Tip explained. \"Ah, I- I guess that I would choose an apprentice or just retire. Why?\" Tip rolled her eyes and sighed, even though she smiled, too. \"Would I, being the former Boov Captain's wife, still not need to find a job?\" Oh flashed orange when he understood what she was getting at. \"I see,\" he said. \"No, no you would not, as long as we live in the Boov Mothership or elsewhere where there are Boov in main control. My being the former Captain would not have been enough of a status, but since we are also having the soulbond,\" –he gestured in between them as if to indicate the stretching, white chains they knew where there but couldn't see- \"It takes our place in society to a new level.\" Tip had been nodding all along his explanation, and now she was grinning. \"Well then,\" she said, and took the rubber band out of her hair, causing it to fall down as a crown around her face, framing it almost like a dark halo. \"Hit me with your best shot.\" Oh smiled, his skin taking a strange color mix between bright pink and the orange color called suno among Boov. Taking a closer look at his soulmate, the suno color lost the fight with the pink one. He shot a thought at the necklace he still wore at all times –a silver key in a silver chain- and he had to smile at Tip's almost-kinda proposal. The next thought was of the necklace Tip wore at all times –a round medallion, but with two stones instead of pictures, and the engravings that meant 'will you be my songbird'. He didn't think of Tip as a songbird, not anymore- she was something much more. Sometimes it was as if Tip was a star, a burning sun, just a bright, bright light in the middle of darkness, and that he was a moth, drawn to her. He was so lucky that she didn't burn him- at least not anymore. He leaned over the table and kissed the light blue spot of paint, smiling gently when he pulled back. \"However, we must discuss how to mix the genes*,\" he whispered softly, and Tip shook her head as if to end a trance. \"Ye-yeah, sure, give me two seconds,\" she said, a distant look in her eye. When she went to find two pens and some paper, she tumbled twice. \"So,\" Oh said, tapping the pen against the paper. \"What I think is best, is if we take as much as possible of either your genes and as little as possible of my, or the other way around.\" Tip frowned. \"Why like that?\" \"We take just enough of my genes to create a life, or just enough of your genes so the life will stay and you will have the possibility to give birth. We do not look much alike; our genes is not an exception, it will be hard, almost impossible to create a hybrid with fifty-fifty of each of us.\" Tip nodded slowly. \"I think I understand,\" she said, and her frown evened out. \"It is up to you if you want most of my or your genes,\" Oh said, and clicked the pen to be able to use it, quickly scribbling down the 90-to-10 percent usage of genes. \"I really do not care.\" \"Uhm. I kind of- okay so I really, really want a Boovish kid, but- I want a humanish, too?\" Tip said, biting her lip and drawing a doodle in the corner of her paper. \"How many kids do a Boov normally have, in one birth?\" The doodle got six legs and a pair of eyes. Oh considered it, pointedly ignoring the drawing of him. Yes, he knew it was him because Tip wrote 'my inyoni' underneath. \"Four or five at a time, but since we are to be combining humansperson genes and Boov genes I am guessing it will be two or three instead. Can you work with that?\" Tip looked up from the paper. \"Have three or four kids combined? Yeah, that's great.\" This statement came with a smile, probably to prove that she was indeed serious about this. \"But since the genes will be combined, as you say, what will be different with our kids and other Boov slash humans?\" Oh tilted his head to the right side and then to the left side a few times, looking up at the ceiling. \"Well… I am guessing small things. I am not an expert, please do not take my words for the true,\" he warned her. At her nod, he continued. \"But- with Boovish kids I will say, perhaps the ability to falling in love, not being able to change the color of the skin, not have the same tough skin as other Boov… other too, but I cannot think of any right now.\" \"And- for the humanish?\" Tip inquired. The pen was lying next to the paper she was to write on, abounded, as she preferred to focus on the conversation. Her eyes were shining. \"The opposite, I would guess. The smart thing is to talk to a Boov 'scientist'.\" He made quote marks with his fingers at the word. \"I am sorry, Tip, English does not have the right word.\" \"I'm going to guess you mean something like a genes expert, and that's okay. I'll talk to one if I find it necessary.\" She paused, and her eyes glazed over as if she was in deep thought. Oh didn't disturb her; he found it quite pleasant just to look. \"Oh…\" she said after a while, and Oh raised his eyebrows. \"What- no, that's wrong. Uhm. How large are Boovlings when they are born?\" \"Around football sized,\" Oh said, and noted with concern that Tip seemed to sadden at the fact. \"Could we make them smaller, do you think?\" she asked, and looked at him with pleading eyes. \"Well, yes, I do think so,\" Oh answered. \"Why?\" \"Human babies' heads are around this size,\" she said and held up her hands, showing something remarkably smaller than a football. Oh paled. He knew that humans could die during childbirth. It was unheard of among Boov, but common knowledge that it was fully possible among humans. Did this increase the chances of Tip dying? He was suddenly very unsure of this. \"Hey, inyoni, don't worry, it'll be fine. If it's possible to make them smaller at birth, but- ooh, perhaps give them some kind of boost at growing after the first weeks or something, I should be fine.\" Tip smiled encouragingly at him, and reached out to take his hand. \"And besides, we have that Caesar way, too.\" She frowned. \"Sorry, I forgot the word,\" she chuckled. \"You mean cutting up your stomach?\" Oh asked in disbelief. \"Yeah.\" \"You are not making me feel better, Tip,\" Oh said, squirming nervously. She laughed. \"Believe me, cutting up my stomach is better than pressing a football sized baby out of my vagina. Three times.\" Oh shuddered. He preferred not to think about childbirth at all. He let his mate do that part of the relationship. Seven Weeks Later , 1 st October \"Mom, Oh and I are thinking about moving out,\" Tip said, putting it bluntly while wringing her hands nervously. Lucy blinked a few times before knitting her eyebrows together in worry. \"Moving out? Why? I haven't done anything wrong, have I?\" \"Oh no, mom, you're absolutely wonderful,\" Tip hurried to assure her as she took one of her mother's hands in both of her own. \"You've been so helpful, so accepting!\" \"Yes, very accepting,\" Oh nodded. \"Both of me…\" \"And our relationship,\" Tip finished. Lucy looked between them, blinking three times before she said anything more. \"But why? I- I know that the two of you are technically adult,\" –she indicated Oh with a wave of her hand- \"and almost adult,\" –another wave, this one at Tip- \"so I would understand it if you want more independence, but is there anything else? I have enough space, you shouldn't worry about that-\" Upon noticing that Tip's expression fell more and more with each sentence her mother said, Lucy widened her eyes and hurried to add, \"I'm not saying that I won't allow you! God forbid, I just want to know why, Tippy.\" Oh's white cat sprung to attention from her place on top of his head, and the three of them chuckled softly as Oh begun petting her. \"Well, mom,\" Tip said, looking down and licking her lips. Oh could feel her nervousness, and, reaching out, he squeezed her hand encouragingly. \"I really don't think that there's enough space in the apartment for three Boovlings,\" she finished, not really looking her mother in the eye. :There. I said it.: Oh gave a mental chuckle. :Yes, I know, and if she has any further questions then I will answer them.: Lucy blinked rapidly. \"Am I going to be a grandmama?\" she whispered hoarsely after a long-by-human-standards-short-by-Boov-standards silence, her face not showing any emotions. However, after four years in his mymom-in-law's presence, she had called Oh a friend more than once, and Oh could easily detect- shock. And, well, pure happiness, so he wasn't too worried. Tip looked at Oh pointedly. \"Yes,\" he answered hurriedly before he provoked Tip's wrath. \"Stand up, Tip,\" Lucy said flatly. Nervously, Tip obliged, letting go of Oh's hand. Standing up herself, Lucy walked around the table and stared hard at her daughter. Said daughter swallowed hard. Then, surprising all of them, Lucy sobbed and embraced her daughter. \"I'm so happy for you, Tippy!\" (The cat on top of Oh's head meowed proudly at what she considered praise, but no one really cared right now. Shush, cat, there's a bonding moment going on here.) Tip hugged back fiercely. \" Thanks, mom ,\" she whispered. The only reason Oh could hear it was because she had accidentally pushed it through their link, as she tended to do when she was very emotional. When Lucy eventually let go of his soulmate, she turned to Oh and smiled widely at him, too. \"Thank you so much, Oh, for making my daughter happy again,\" she said truthfully, and Oh blushed lightly. \"Yes, Oh,\" Tip chimed in with a mischievous smile. \"Thanks.\" Oh blushed harder, but muttered a small, \"You are welcome…\" before adding a light \"I guess?\" under his breath. \"Where are you thinking about living, then?\" Lucy wondered, as she sat down on the couch again. The couple followed her example. \"Well, we were considering the Boov mothership as the most likely candidate.\" Lucy did a double take. \"What? Why?\" Shooting her mother a dry look, Tip explained. \"Oh, being their Captain, has an unclaimed… suite, of sorts.\" \"It has two bedrooms, a guestroom, a small library and, or, a storage room, two bathrooms, a kitchen, a study and a living room, plus possibilities for out building should it be necessary,\" Oh said. \"It is free to live there, as it is the Captain's house. It is built after I became the Captain, since it was known I had a soulmates, and there was the possibility we were going to be living there, later,\" he continued when Lucy merely nodded. \"Boov are almost always prepared.\" A small wince accompanied that statement. \"That is mostly my fault,\" he muttered. The two females laughed, and he considered that a plus. \"What about food? And you, Tip, what about your studying?\" Tip smiled. \"I'd like to raise our children first, mom. We don't have to worry about money; Oh is, after all, the leader of the Boov.\" She looked thoughtful for a moment, and Oh could feel her drag time out. \"And who knows, perhaps I can earn some money by painting, too… Oh can easily get a side job to increase the amount of money in the Captain Vault, and later I can get jobs at, for an example, a library or a cafeteria or something. Oh and I share a Vault in the Boov Nation too, and there's already some money in it, enough for us to live on, thanks to what we've moved from the Captain Vault.\" Lucy shook her head lightly, trying to wrap her mind around the new information. \"Let me get this straight. You have two vaults; one… family vaults, of sorts, and one Captain Vault. The Captain Vault holds a lot of money that you can use, but you haven't earned. The family vault holds some money, enough for you to live on in- in how many years?\" \"Three,\" Oh shot in. Lucy nodded thoughtfully. \"In three years, yes… and by that time, at least one of you should be able to have a stable job, giving you enough to be able to live off, and then- then, some years later, your kids might be able to have some jobs, too…\" She trailed off and shook her head again. \"Well, as long as you know what you're doing…\" \"We do, mom,\" Tip said with a smile. \"There's also taxes, of course, that other Boov have to pay, and at least thirty percent of those* goes to Oh.\" \"Uh- Mymom, there is a third vault, too,\" Oh hurried to add. \"The Retirement Vault.\" Tip nodded, even though she hadn't heard of it in more than a bi-sentence. \"By its name, I'm guessing it's like a retirement fund*, and that it's empty?\" she tried, and Oh nodded wordlessly. \"How much money does the Captain Vault have, anyways?\" Lucy asked. \"I'm guessing that it's more like the money that's supposed to only be used for the country, or in this case, the species?\" Oh winced, and Tip looked uncomfortable by the question. \"It is not as much money as it once was, since the Captains are allowed to be using the money in it for personal reasons.\" Lucy frowned. \"That's not a very good way of doing things, is it?\" Oh shrugged. \"It could be, if you are me. I have not much money in my personal Vault, and I would not be able to have a good start in 'the office',\" he said, quoting the office. \"Why isn't it as much money as before?\" Lucy asked. Tip and Oh shared a look. \"Smek,\" they said in unison. \"The Boov were a great trading species before, with lots of intergalactic money, too. Smek came to leadership in his youth, when he was twelve, and ruled since. In the beginning, it went great, but… it changed. He thought he could have everything that he was wanting, and when the Gorg refused to ally with us, instead of staying on neutral terms with them, Smek went to war. He used almost half of the money in the Captain Vault, changed it to the intergalactic type, and used it in the war. The Gorg didn't flee as Smek suspected and they erased a lot of Boov and other aliens. It turned the remaining Boov into cowards, and other alien species were refusing to help or talk to us. Some forty years later, war more or less forgotten, the Gorg invited the Boov for a peace meeting, and, well… you know the rest,\" Oh elaborated, and shrugged helplessly when he finished. Lucy looked at them in shock. \"That's- that's quite a story, Oh, I- I don't know what to say.\" \"Do not worry,\" Oh said with a smile. \"It is in the past, now, and Smek has apologized.\" \"But to answer your question, mom,\" Tip said with a smirk. \"There's still a lot of money in the vault; transferred into… say, dollars, I would guess that there's around, or even more, than seven millions there.\" \"However, we would only use the money there in the absolutely crisis, and, or, now in the beginning, to help us off with a start,\" Oh said as he saw Lucy's shock. Lucy sighed. \"It's fine, Tip, Oh. You can move out when you're ready- and Tip, don't hesitate to tell me if you need any help with the kids. Or any news on them, for that matter\" Tip laughed. \"Oh, mom, I think that the Boov will have an advantage there! Our kids will be somewhere around 90 percent Boov and ten percent human. But hey, you can still help with babysitting!\" Lucy shook her head in defeat. \"I need an ibuprofen,\" she muttered, stood up and headed for the bathroom. Two Weeks Later , 14 th October After discussing it with Tip a few years ago, Oh had changed the way a Boovling should be raised. Boov were not required to give genes for reproducing anymore, but every now and then a female and male –they often didn't know each other- were asked to be a surrogate parent, of sorts, because another Boov –often a male, or sometimes an unfertile female- wanted to adopt. One time a year, Boov that wanted to have Boovlings were asked to sign up for it, and if they wanted to adopt they had to sign up for that a few months earlier. There were also some Boov that wanted to know who their parents were, and a program had been started so they could find out that, too. The baking oven was more like a kindergarten where the Boovlings parents could place them until they were three or four years old. When they hit that age, they would move on to be Cooled Down, as Tip had called it. The Cooling years were more like a school, and the days were longer than it was in the baking oven. The Boovlings stayed there until they were nine or ten, and after that they could either begin working as an adult, or go five years on the Plate- university. The concept and words were strange and foreign for the Boov, but Oh was glad to see that it clearly worked and that the Boov were happier now than they had been when he was younger. \"Hello, Captain!\" a Boov male called out to him as he passed by. \"Hello!\" Oh called back with a wide and happy smile. \"Good morning, Captain JLo,\" a shy female Boov said with a smile as she walked past him. \"Good morning,\" he answered, his own smile growing. \"Hey, JLo!\" Oh turned to look at a Big Brain Boov that he recognized. \"Hi, Jill,\" he said with a wave. When Jill moved on, Oh turned to grab his soulmate's arm. \"They are happy, Tip!\" he whisper-yelled, his skin taking the color of a JoX attack. \"Whoa, yeah, they are!\" she answered with a laugh. \"You should consider to calm down, by the way.\" He tried, and managed it quite well, when something bumped into him. A quiet 'oof' sound to his right caused him to turn and look at- he gasped lightly. There, on the ground, sat a young Boov, barely out of the Baking Oven. The Boovs eyes widened as they realized who he was. \"Captain JLo, I am so sorry!\" an adult Boov gasped as she hurried to the scene. \"It will not happen again, I promise!\" \"Oh no, it is okay,\" Oh said as he picked up the young Boov. \"Hello, little one,\" he said as he held the kid up above his head. \"'ello, Capt'n JeeLoh,\" they answered in a small, feminine voice. His smile grew only wider as he spotted a pink moon above her left eye, so thin that it couldn't be called anything but a sickle, the opening facing left. \"Congratulations,\" Oh said, directed at the mother. She smiled at him and bowed her head. Tip gasped. \"Oh good Lord,\" she muttered, and took a step closer. \"Am I going to have three of those?\" Oh laughed. \"Yes, inyoni, you will. What is your name?\" The last part was directed towards the young girl in his arms. He had to admit that he was quite excited to have some himself. The Boov Captain and his new young friend ignored the other two females present when they began talking about pregnancy. \"Am Kylai, Capt'n JLo,\" Kylai answered. \"Please, call me Oh,\" he smiled. The girl giggled. \"Do you have any siblings, Kylai?\" She nodded. \"I 'ave twee,\" she said excitedly. \"Solla, Uni an' Jols.\" \"Where are they?\" His soulmate and Kylai's mother were apparently done talking, now, and the mother reached out after her kid. \"'Ey are wit' papa.\" Oh smiled at the Boovling one last time before he handed her over to her mother. \"Have a good day, Kylai.\" \"I will!\" the Boov answered and gave him a cheery wave as the pair walked away. \"She was adorable,\" Tip said with a longing look, and Oh chuckled. \"Yes, yes she was.\" \"This is what hopefully will become our new home, Tip\" Oh said with pride in his voice as he gestured towards a circle, looking chopped off at the bottom as it hit the floor. Tip hummed. \"Interesting,\" she said as she walked towards the door. It slid open without a sound as she moved closer. \"Does it always do that?\" she asked worriedly. \"No,\" Oh answered and stepped forward, pulling Tip back again. The door closed. \"I have scanned a picture of you into the security systems; the apartment will be recognizing you. See, I will show you.\" He shuffled away and over to a random Boov that was walking past. He was holding some bags, and Oh was pleased to see that he was apparently a new baked father. \" Excuse me, \" Oh said in Boovspeak. The stranger turned to look at him, and his eyes widened. \" Good day, Captain JLo,\" he greeted politely, respect in his voice. \" What can I do for you? \" \" I just want to show my wife how the security system works. Since you are not scanned into it, may I borrow you for a moment?\" \" Of course ,\" the Boov agreed, and followed Oh when he walked back to Tip. \"See, Tip, if-,\" Oh started to speak, but broke himself off. \"What is your name?\" he asked the other Boov. \"I am Grad, Captain.\" \"Thanking you,\" Oh said automatically, and explained that, \"If a Boov the system does not recognize comes close, this will happen.\" He pushed Glad towards the door. As the light purple Boov stepped in front of the metal, a round, red button popped out of the wall next to it. The text above it read, in both Boovletters and English, 'doorbell'. \"Thanking you for helping, Glad, you can go now.\" \"It was my pleasure,\" Glad answered, and then he was gone. \"Fascinating,\" Tip said with a smile, and stepped towards the door again. It opened, and they stepped inside. \"Woah,\" his soulmate whispered. There was no hallway, when they stepped into the room they immediately ended up in the main room, or often called the living room among some. It was formed almost as an oval; if you took a ball of clay, put something hard and flat both underneath and on top of it and then pressed gently, it would almost look like this. \"Where do we put clothes, and shoes and stuff?\" Tip asked. Oh wordlessly gestured towards the shelves 'carved' into the walls next to the entrance. \"Fancy, I like it.\" The walls, roof and floor, at Oh's request, were not purple like they usually were. Instead, they were pastel green, almost like the moss green color of their souls, but lighter. Tip, noticing this, cast him a knowing smirk. Oh pointedly did not look at her. \"Is all of the furniture Boov-themed?\" she asked after looking around. Indeed, it would appear like it. In the middle of the room, a seating seemed to grow up from the floor. It was interesting, and not very 'human like', as his mate would call it. It was obviously forming an almost completed circle, just a passage you could use to sit down on, and a round table in the middle of it all. There was also a few lamps in the ceiling, giving off white light at Oh's request. \"These are very simple furniture, inyoni,\" Oh explained with a calming gesture. \"There are lot of space so we can put our own in, if you want. That includes the couch,\" he said and gestured vaguely in the direction of said couch. \"We can also change the color of the furniture very, very easily, as not to get a feeling of flatness.\" \"Huh,\" Tip said as she took a 360 to take the whole room in. \"Can I sit on the couch?\" \"Of course,\" Oh answered, and followed her over. He understood her concern; the couch seemed to be of the same material as the room in general, and that material was hard to the touch. She let out a yelp of surprise when she sat down and sunk a few inches in. \"Oh wow,\" she smiled, wiggling a bit to sink further down. \"Yes, I could get used to this.\" Reaching out, she tapped the table. It was as hard as the floor. \"This is super cool!\" she exclaimed with a childish grin. \"Come on, Tip, there are more rooms to check out.\" There were. Spread out across the place, there were eight doors similar to the one at the entrance. Each of them had a different pastel color, and above each, there was one of the white lights sunken into the roof. A pattern would soon become clear; the walls, roof and floor of the room would be the same as on the door. The couple moved on to find a middle-sized room with an almost baby-blue color theme and a bed. The next room was slightly larger, and here the color theme was yellow. There was no furniture in this room, and Oh explained that it was to be the Boovlings' bedroom, and that they would fix beds and other important furniture later. The next room, with a light brown theme, was the storage room, also empty. Next, a guest room with a double bed that could be separated into two and with pale pink as the color theme; next, a kitchen with an oven, a sink, a table, some workspace and a fridge. The walls and door was pale red. Then came the study room, with three desks and chairs, plus three shelves, one for each desk, with the iconic purple color of the Boov, just toned down. They found that there was a bathroom connected between the Boovlings' bedroom and the other bedroom, as well as one connected to the main room and the guestroom. In the end, the two of them were sitting in the living room again, on the couch, close enough to touch each other easily. \"Could we get a TV and stuff to work here?\" Tip asked. \"Absolutely,\" Oh informed her. \"If needed, we can create a new room where we could watch TV, have recharging stations… it could be a technology room. We could see if the Gaming Folks would be willing to help us.\" \"I like that. Especially as I miss Manor of Mirrors,\" Tip smiled. She leaned over and pressed her lips to his in a soft kiss. \"You're too nice to me. People like you are hard to stumble across.\" Oh hummed his agreement. \"I am thanking the stars and the Fates every day, that you was the human that would not get picked up.\" \"I should be the one to do that,\" Tip argued. \"I mean, you're such a sweet guy. I do not know any others that treat their family or friends as you treat my mom and me! I'm so lucky you're my soulmate, and not some other weirdo.\" Oh chuckled at that. \"As I said; I am thanking the stars and the Fates every day. There is a lot I can be thankful of.\" Tip sighed fondly, and rested her head on top of his in a very familiar gesture. \"Don't think I didn't notice that the walls here in the main room are our color. That only helps to prove my point,\" she growled playfully. Oh chuckled again. \"I did not think so. But did you notice the other colors?\" \"The fact that one room had your soul color and another had mine? Yeah, yeah I did. By the way, why are the other rooms in such light colors?\" \"Darker colors would cause it to, well, look darker. I did not want that, but I can change it if you do,\" he explained and offered. \"Oh no, it's fine, I like it. It just… gets a little monotone with the same color in the whole room, you know. Can we, I don't know, have a different color on the floor, or many different colors in a pattern or something?\" Oh smiled at the room in general. \"Yes, that is possible. The texture of the floors can be changed, too, so it feels like a carpet. Or we can just have blankets on the floor; that works too.\" \"And we have to discuss what kind of furniture we shall have,\" Tip pondered aloud, toying with the new and different texture of the Captain Uniform. \"I like the beds, they were cool and comfortable, but in the storage room… is it possible to make it larger, to transform it into a part library, part storage room, part art room? So I can paint in there, I mean. Because I really like the idea of having a library, in case any of the kids will like reading. A storage room would also be smart, a place to have Christmas décor, or clothes we don't need in the winter, and stuff like that.\" Oh hummed. \"Yes, I can see how that would be a good idea. I will tell the builders to do that.\" \"Mmm.\" Tip turned and drew him closer to her body, hugging him from behind. \"But not now. Now we cuddle on this amazing couch.\" Oh had to agree. His mate had made a wonderful point, and it would not do any good to argue. Two Weeks Later , 27 th October Speed two weeks forward and the married couple had settled in. Tip was now a seven weeks into her pregnancy, and, to her surprise, she had not experienced any pregnancy symptoms*. When she, worried, had talked to Oh about it, he said that it was very likely that it was because of the 90-ish percent of Boov genes she carried around in her stomach. For the moment, the soon-to-be mother was painting in the main room, since she felt it was more comfortable doing it there, rather than in the study. When Oh asked her, she explained that it was too cramped and she was afraid of getting paint on the books. Oh, the ever-so-mature Boov Captain, popped his head out of the door and called \"Hello, neighbors!\" He giggled and disappeared inside again when over half of the Boov nearby called \"Hello, neighbor!\" back with a friendly wave. He then proceeded to run around the whole house while giggling madly and chanting \"they like me\" repeatedly. \"You're so mature, Oh!\" Tip called out, and, with a chuckle and shake of the head, put away her easel and paint. It was very likely that the hurricane running around the house would ruin something. \"Can you try and calm down a little? I wanted to talk to you.\" Oh stopped immediately and flopped down in the sitting area. Tip chuckled and went over to sit next to him. \"It's about my pregnancy,\" she said and wiped her hands on her apron before taking it off. Oh nodded slowly. \"Is this about whether to use Boov or Human hospitals and doctors?\" They'd talked about this before, and they were basically on the same page- the problem was finding someone that was willing to help them. \"I have a new idea,\" Tip said. He perked up. \"I am all ears.\" \"Or, at least during the actual birthing hours,\" she corrected sheepishly. \"I'm thinking that maybe we should have both human and Boov there, since I am a human and I'm giving birth to Boov- or at least Boov ish .\" \"That seems reasonable,\" Oh said with a bright smile. \"Are there any humans willing, do you think?\" \"There must be someone ,\" Tip moaned in despair, and rested her head on the coach behind her, closing her eyes. \"I really don't want to give birth at home. Alone.\" Oh smiled reassuringly even though she couldn't see him. He reached out and patted her arm affectionately. \"It is going to be okay, inyoni,\" he muttered. \"It is going to be okay; we can ask the doctors we already have, yes?\" :I really hope you're right, Oh. I really, really, hope so.: He looked at her skeptically. :Are you tired?: She shot him an alarmed look. :Tired? No, why?: He grinned. :Well, then I know of something I can do to make you… feel better ,: he told her, putting pressure on the last two words. Her eyes widened, and then she chuckled and sat up, facing him. :My, my, how eager you are to please,: she all but purred, and leaned forward to pull him closer. He was expecting a kiss, but instead she grabbed hold of his right luktsans* (she often called it his right nose, but that wasn't quite right), and it immediately became harder to focus on their little game. :Care to take this to the bedroom, Milady?: he muttered, eyes fluttering closed. :Such a gentleman,: Tip answered with a giggle and got up, all but dragging him in through the blue door. They stayed in there for the rest of the evening. And then? Then the weeks passed. Every second weekend the couple would travel down to Earth to visit their Mymom and friends. At home, in the Boov mothership, they quickly became friends with the neighbors, and Grad was one of them. Time flew, as they spent it on planning Ovens, and then an eventual school, baby clothes and toys, and so on. Oh did some paperwork, solved some Boov problems, and Tip painted and read some books on Boov history and math. And as I said, the weeks passed. Tip was eight weeks in, nine, ten, eleven- she began showing, now, and then it was twelve, thirteen, and fourteen. While they didn't broadcast it to the whole world, it was not secret for anyone that Tip was pregnant, and that it was Boovlings. That was a mistake. Perhaps they didn't think of it, or perhaps they simply didn't care. Point is; they underestimated how desperate some humans are for information, and how far they are willing to go to achieve it… (*Seeing as yellow signalizes surprise or being scared, while orange companied by yellow stripes also means fear, I figured that it could also show discomfort **I am aware that the Boov do indeed have seven genders, but I'm not applying that to my fics before I have some way or another to tell the genders from each other- so let's just go with male and female for now ***inyoni (pronounced inn-y [the oh sound in boat]-nee ) is the zulu word for 'bird', as I found it heavy for Tip to call Oh iyinyoni, aka 'songbird'. You may remember the words in Tip's wedding necklace, Ingabe uyoba, iyinyoni yami, which means 'will you be my songbird' ****please note that I have no idea how manipulating genes work. I have read an article about it, and know that it is possible, so I make doing this possible, in this universe. I'm allowed to do this thanks to my Author's License *****again, I am using my Author's License to make this okay, since I have no idea how this would work IRL. My apologies for being young and innocent ******I hope this makes sense. Blame Google Translate if it doesn't *******hey, I don't know if this is possible or not, but Tip is pregnant with three fucking aliens and I have an Author's License. This makes everything easier for me as an author and I really want to write this without doing way too much research. Don't like- don't read ********luktsans comes from the Norwegian word luktesans, and means \"sense of smell\" or \"ability to smell\" Right, so, just to make a point here: I know almost nothing about pregnancy, okay? But I'm taking some freedom here, since, you know. Tip is pregnant with three aliens . Author's License, everyone, I am allowed to make this normal by Boov standards. Do we agree? Good. You've probably noticed by now that Oh speaks a less broken English than in the movie, though there's still mistakes now and then. This is because he's lived with Tip and humans for four years, and probably picked up on most things. Also, I know that there isn't that much action in this chapter. I promise that there will be more later, as well as more cuddles and cute scenes. Did you know, this was originally going to be a two-shot? Well, look at where we are now! Tip has some babies on the way, and I can't just let that slide past, now, can I? Questions? There's a function called PM, or Private Message. Go on, it won't hurt anyone. Thoughts or comments? There's a button a bit further down; it's called Review, tap it and do your thing. Do you want to receive an email when this updates? Click the review button and check off the four boxes there. All of them. Yes. That's good.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two, 10 th December Why does this always happen to us, Oh thought as he paced furiously in front of the large group of Boov Officers. It was nearly everyone on the force, and the rest couldn't be there; they were unavailable. Currently, Oh's mind was split into three: one part was devoted to comprehending the situation and shouting orders, the second part was creating a background noise chanting panicking doesn't help Tip, panicking doesn't help the babies over and over again, while the third part was focused directly on their link, desperately looking for a change. Any change at all, but no . Nothing. \"We cannot find the necklace, Captain,\" a Boov hunched over a screen shouted. \"Damnit!\" Oh cursed. \"Why? She appears not be out of the country!\" There was a brief pause, and then another Boov reported. \"It seems that whoever took Je geliefde* is blocking the signals!\" Oh let out a string of curses in Boovspeak. This caused Lucy, who was sitting nearby, to look lost, and a lot of the nearby Boov to flinch at the words. \"There are no other ways to finding her until she wakes up, then,\" he growled, and resumed his pacing. There was a whisper, from one confused Boov to another. \"I do not understand why this is so important.\" It was probably not meant to be loud enough for Oh to hear it, but he did. The Boov Captain froze. \" You do not understand why this is important, do you?\" he said flatly, turning around to face his species. \" Then let me enlighten you. I love her. I know that most Boov are incapable of loving someone romantically, and that we do not have any words strong enough for that feeling, so let me explain it like this: I would gladly give my own life, just so she could live.\" The Boov officers gasped. Being Boov and prey, one of their strongest urges was to keep away from danger, and to protect someone from it was one of the strongest signs of lasting friendship and trust. \" That is not even half of it. How many of you have Boovlings?\" More than two thirds of his audience raised their hands. \" How many of you care about them? \" Six Boovs lowered their hand. \" How many of you love them? \" This time half of the remaining Boov lowered their hands, and Oh nodded sharply. \" This is not only about Tip; my wife is pregnant with three Boovlings, and I am their father. \" Even though the majority of the officers knew this, they had a look of wonder on their faces. \" If that is not a good enough reason for this being important, then consider this: Tip is not only my soulmate, my wife, my songbird, she is also my partner and best friend. She is… she is family. She is a person, and I love her in more ways than one ,\" he finished, his voice going soft before returning to the rough-edged it'd been earlier. There was another pause where no one said anything, and then Oh switched to English. \"I want manhunts, missing posters, interviews, whatever you have to do to find her! You will search harder than you did when you were trying to find me when I was a fugitive, and that is my command as your Captain! Is that understood?\" he barked roughly, barely keeping his skin purple in the process. \"Yes, sir!\" Oh nodded in acknowledgement. \"Kyle!\" he yelled, turning to look at the leader of the Boov Officer Force, who straightened up immediately. \"You are in charge; tell me immediately if you find my inyoni, or even just clues. Immediately, do you hear me?\" \"Yes, Captain JLo!\" Kyle shouted sharply, saluting him. Oh nodded sharply and walked up to Lucy. \"You can stay at our house, if you wish,\" he told her, voice still shaking and concern finally shining through as he let his guard down slightly. Lucy nodded. \"That would be great, thank you, Oh.\" It wasn't before they were behind closed doors Oh abounded his mask. \"How is she?\" Lucy asked quietly, as if afraid that the world might shatter if she spoke too loudly. \"Unconscious, still,\" Oh answered in the same hushed tones. \"Not dead?\" \"Not dead,\" Oh said shaking his head. Then he turned around. \"The guestroom is the pink door, bathroom is in there. If you need anything I will be in the study,\" he murmured in his Mymom-in-law's general direction before he disappeared into the purple room. He all but fell into his chair. First then did he allow himself to panic. After half an hour with sobbing, Oh had no more tears to shed. He spent the next half hour by staring at the wall in front of him with a flat expression, breath hitching now or then but other than that, he did not give any indications that he was alive. After that half hour, Tip's side of the link sparked to life. It was sharp, short, and Oh had to restrain himself from crying his wife's name. Instead, he entered the meditation like state, searching for her senses. After a few seconds of desperate and wild looking, he took a deep breath to calm himself down. Panicking doesn't help Tip, panicking doesn't help the babies, that second part of his brain chanted. Right, he thought and steadied himself, looking for the spark of green light, the thread of consciousness in the middle of nowhere. He was seeking after the warm feeling of safety and love- there, he thought and moved towards the speck of hope. There she is . When the light engulfed him completely and it was everything he could see, everything he was, it felt like he surfaced from an ocean. It was hard to focus and see for the first seconds, but then everything came into place. Tip noticed, of course, and a feeling of relief flooded through her as he focused on the conversation she was having. \" -so what you're saying is, that if he uses the bond you believe we have -,\" She was broken off as a tall female in a long, white coat stopped her. \"The bond we know you have.\" What appeared to be a human doctor didn't say how they knew about the bond, which was pretty bad marketing if you asked Oh. His girl continued as if she'd never been interrupted. \" Then you will be able to see it and interrupt it ?\" Oh understood the message. Don't talk. Don't give any sign that you're listening. \"Yes, that is correct,\" the doctor said with a pleasant smile. There was a pause, where Tip seemed to be thinking, before she looked around. She was sitting on a white bed, in what seemed to be a hospital room. \" Where am I ?\" \"Safe.\" \" I didn't ask what I am, I asked about where .\" \"You are somewhere safe.\" Tip looked at the doctor again. \" Right. Why am I here ?\" She smiled sharply. \"You are pregnant, Miss Tucci-,\" Oh bristled, as did Tip, but the doctor didn't seem to care. \"-and we simply want to understand how that is possible; tests show us that the father of the children you are going to have is a Boov.\" \" Okay, first, I'm married, so it's Mrs. Tucci, not Miss. Second; why couldn't you just, you know. Ask , instead of kidnapping me? \" The smile the doctor never seemed to let go widened. \"While we will take good care of you, you are here to be experimented on.\" Oh almost fell out of his chair as multiple feelings begun churning around. \" What ?\" Tip exclaimed. \"Good bye for now, Miss Tucci!\" the doctor said cheerfully, before she slipped out of the door. Tip threw herself out of the bed, but just as she reached after the door handle the lock gave a loud click. She stopped abruptly. \" There's no point in asking them to let me out ,\" Tip muttered, and sunk to the floor. \" This isn't good. I'm sorry, Oh, but they didn't tell me where I am- and, by the way, don't answer this, I'm not willing to take the chance of them not knowing .\" Oh silently nodded, even though Tip wouldn't be aware of it. He watched as his spouse got up from the floor and looked around the room, despair filling her. \" This isn't good ,\" she repeated with a shivering voice. Spotting a window, a spark of hope shot through her. She hurried over there and looked out, said hope immediately crushed to dust. \" And the building is several floors high. Marvelous ,\" she said dryly. \" Well, perhaps this can give you an idea about where in the world I am. \" Tip sighed. \" Though it's very foggy, I would suggest telling some humans about what you can see, too, since they might know more about geography on Earth than Boov. No offense ,\" she hurriedly added, not aware of the fact that Oh hadn't taken any offense at all. \" Please find me, Oh ,\" Tip whispered after a short pause, before she began crying softly. \" Please… \" Oh wove that he would, just as he withdrew himself. The moment he was back in his own body, he shot up and rushed for the door to inform Kyle of this new information, and to find some humanspersons to help with the search. The next eight days passed with most of the Boov Nation and at least half of Earth's population tight strung, on edge and waiting hopefully for news on Tip's kidnapping. Not only was she one of the three people that had more or less saved Earth and all its inhabitants, she was also the seventeen-year-old wife of the Boov leader. It was hardest for Oh, though. Every hour he would visit Tip for around ten minutes to see how she was doing, and she would tell him what had happened. Turned out that the only way she'd been 'experimented' on was a test of her blood, and a test to see if she was allergic to anything. The worst experimenting, Tip had said, was going to be on their kids. It angered and worried both her and Oh. When he wasn't talking to Tip, he helped with the searching, collected information on the search, gave interviews or stared helplessly at the wall. Smek was visiting now and then, asking how he was and bringing food. Oh had to be reminded to eat, and the only reason he slept at all was that Tip told him to. It was eight horrible days, and then it was finally a clear day wherever Tip was. It had come as a shock, when Tip suddenly had reached out to him through the link. \" Oh! These idiots have thought about a lot, but clearly not everything! The fog has cleared; I can see the street signs down below !\" Oh didn't hesitate to enter the semi-meditative state and then to snap into Tip's senses. \" You can, I don't know, type it into a GPS or something, find out where it is, and then find this building. I don't know which room I am in, but I am in the building at least ,\" Tip said, and Oh memorized the street name and –number. Cocking her head, Tip paused and thought for a second. Her voice turned sad. \" Though I won't get my hopes up. I've seen enough movies and read enough books that that's stupid ,\" she sighed. \" I assume you have all you need .\" She walked over to the bed and flopped down on it, pulling out a book from underneath it. As her eyes begun to scan the page, Oh withdrew himself in a repeat of all the other times Tip had some new information to give. This time, though, his body was shaking with unmistakable hope. 19th December Oh was watching from afar, one more time looking over the landscape nearby with calculating eyes. It was a drowsy morning, with heavy and damp air despite the season. The small glimpse of nature that he could see was pale green, as if it had never seen real sunlight, or breathed fresh air. Yes, he decided again, this was definitely the place. The Boov leader gave a sharp nod in the direction of Kyle, who nodded back. They were ready, and Oh closed his eyes, found that special light inside of him and embraced it. Moments later, he could see what Tip could see, smell what she could smell, and hear what she could hear. They were like one, and it felt so right, as if this was what they'd always been meant to be. \" Tip, my dear,\" Oh drawled, his voice quivering in anticipation, link jumping as it had not been used in this way for a while. His life froze where she was, and looked up from the book she had been reading. She drew a shivering breath; her eyes wide open in wonder and hope. \" O-Oh ?\" she answered hesitantly. \" We are here.\" He saw it from Tip's perspective, heard the muffled you are surrounded speech and then minutes later watched as the door opened up. Let's just say that Oh wasn't surprised when Tip rushed outside –as quick as her pregnancy allowed her- without looking at whoever had opened the door, down three flights of stairs and through more than a few hallways- he returned to his own body with a snap, jumping out of the car and waiting impatiently. Then the doors burst open, and Tip spotted him the moment he stumbled towards her. They weren't quite sure how it had happened, but one moment they were looking at each other, feeling as if they were so close yet so far away , as if they weren't quite whole, but not fully alone either. Then, the next they were sitting on the ground in each other's arms, that feeling of missing something important gone, and in its place was contentment and safety and trust . \"I missed you,\" Tip gasped desperately as the rest of the world ceased to exist around them. \"I missed hearing your voice,\" she continued, and hugged him tighter. \"I missed feeling you next to me, I missed your kisses, I missed you so much and it was only eight days- \" She trailed off, the last word being a mere whisper meant only for him. \"I missed you too,\" came Oh's muffled reply. \"I love you,\" he then said, with as much force as he could. He pulled back from the kind-of-awkward-because-hey-you're-pregnant hug and caressed her face gently, taking in her beauty after not being able to look at her for what felt like an eternity. \"Not only as my wife, my inyoni, but as my best friend, too- this week was a nightmare, my dearest.\" Tip didn't answer, she couldn't, as she kissed him hungrily, though that, too, was kind-of-awkward-because-hey-you're-pregnant! Neither Tip nor Oh really cared about what happened around them after that, but arresting Tip's kidnappers had first priority; nothing they said could hinder that, anyways. The rest of the day passed in a daze, and the only thing the couple really noticed was that by the time they fell asleep, they were back in their home, in the same bed, next to each other It was a night of dreamless, peaceful sleep, and it was the first in what felt like forever. 20 th December When Oh woke the next morning, it was to a warm body pressed up against his own and a cloud of dark hair in his face. Tip . It sent a pang of affection through him, and he tightened his hold on her, glad to have her back. \"Mmm… good morning, sleepyhead,\" she muttered. \"Good morning,\" he answered and closed his eyes. He didn't have to look to know that his skin turned pink. \"I've needed to get up for a while, but I didn't want to wake you up,\" Tip said. \"So could you please move?\" Oh pretended to think about it. \"Hmm, I am quite comfortable in this position, I am afraid\" he told her and nuzzled her shoulder. She snorted. \"Gerrof me, you big doof,\" she complained and elbowed him in the ribs. He complied, rolling over to the left and almost falling off the bed in the process. \"I really need some chocolate and a green apple,\" Tip said as she got up and stretched. He rolled his eyes and climbed out of the bed, shaking his head to wake up. Tip shot his loose tunic a look. \"You know,\" she said, and placed a hand on her hip. \"White really isn't your color.\" \"Well, I am sorry for wanting to sleep in something comfortable,\" The answer came with a flat look. He begun taking it off, deliberately slowly. Tip shrieked and turned around, placing a hand over her eyes. \"Oh!\" she cried with a wide smile as she held out her other hand, as if trying to stop him from coming closer. \"You know I can't have sex before the babies are born!\" Oh raised an eyebrow, but continued to take off his tunic. \"Pity,\" he said without much feeling. Cracking her eyes open, Tip looked at him again, before she hastily turned around. \"Okay,\" she muttered. \"Okay, okay, okay. You can do this, Tip, breathe…\" she said as she reached for her bathrobe and shrugged it on. \"Now, I'm going to brush my teeth, grab some chocolate and an apple, and then I'm going to take a shower.\" She eyed the bathroom door. \"And then,\" she said sharply, \"We're going to Talk. With capital T.\" Slipping through the door, Tip shot Oh a regretful look before she started on her to-do list. Oh smiled as he finally got his tunic of, folded it neatly and placed it underneath the pillow on his side of the bed. Yes, a Talk sounded nice now. Seventeen seconds later, and he joined Tip in the bathroom. Stepping onto one of the stools, he pushed the green button with a leg. As the stool raised itself from the floor, Oh grabbed for his own toothbrush. When he was on eye level with Tip, he removed his leg and the stool stopped moving. \"Are you always wearing that?\" Tip said around a mouthful of toothpaste, giving his Boov tunic a pointy look. \"It is tradition,\" Oh shrugged as he begun brushing his nine teeth. \"And comfortable,\" he added. \"Yeah, but it's always the same colors,\" Tip said. Or, at least he think she said that, it was a bit hard to decipher when she had a stick in her mouth. \"Is it bothering you?\" Oh asked and met her eyes in the mirror. She shook her head and spit in the sink. \"Not really. Is it bothering you?\" Oh thought about it. \"Well,\" he decided. \"It can become monotone sometimes. Why?\" Tip shrugged. \"It's just. I've almost never seen you in anything else- are there anything else you can wear?\" \"No, but perhaps you could come up with some designs?\" \"There's literally just one design on everyday clothes?\" Tip asked in disbelief, raising her eyebrows and rinsing her toothbrush in water. \"Yes. There is the loose tunic model that I sleep in, but it is for sleep only.\" \"I can sense a Boov problem here. We'll talk about this later,\" Tip said with a frown. She put away her toothbrush and kissed him on the cheek. \"But now I'm gonna grab that chocolate.\" \"Aye, aye!\" Oh called after her as she disappeared into the main room. He went to make up the beds and turn of the light in the bedroom before he joined her in the kitchen. \"Orange juice,\" Oh said to the refrigerator. It complied, and he filled a glass with it before he put the carton back. Jumping onto one of the chairs and repeating the thing he did with the bathroom stool, he soon found himself sitting by the table. Tip was having a thoughtful frown on her face, and she was staring into nothingness. Her apple was only half eaten. Grabbing the chocolate wrapping paper and stuffing it in his mouth, Oh licked his lips in worry. \"What is bothering you?\" he finally asked, and Tip started out of her daze. \"Oh, I was just…\" She looked to the side, as if embarrassed. \"Contemplating baby names.\" She blushed lightly. \"Well, what do you think?\" Oh said and sipped his drink. \"Well,\" Tip said, looking at her hands. She seemed surprised at the half-eaten apple, and hurried to take a bite of it. \"I don't know which genders they'll have, so I've only made two lists with some names. I wanted to discuss them with you, actually.\" \"Shoot.\" His soulmate gave him a surprised look. \"My personal favorite is Justice,\" she muttered. \"And Josephine.\" Oh flinched. \"Oh- that is- perhaps not the best thing to call a Boovling,\" he said softly. \"Jossphin is a swear word in Boovspeak.\" Tip grimaced. \"Yeah, that's- that's not good. Do you have any suggestions?\" He nodded. \"Abelardo. I know it is strange, but I like it.\" \"Why?\" \"When I was seven,\" Oh said, and swallowed nervously as his skin turned blue. \"There was a Boov boy. He tolerated me, not like the others. He tolerated me, and I liked him. It was- it was perhaps the first Boov that did not want to throw insults at me.\" \"Oh, inyoni,\" Tip moaned, leaning forward and taking his hand. \"That's- that's both sad and good. We will definitely call one of the Boovlings Abelardo if we have a boy.\" \"Thanks,\" Oh muttered and rubbed at his eyes, willing the stinging to go away. \"I always wonder what he is doing now. And- and we will probably have a boy, seven out of ten Boov are males.\" Tip blinked. \"Huh. Didn't know that. Do you want to talk about you past, later?\" \"Later, but not today,\" Oh said. \"Was there any other names you were thinking of?\" Narrowing her eyes at his change of subject, Tip took another bite of her apple. \"Toni,\" she whispered after a few long seconds. Oh took a sharp intake of breath. \"Yes…\" he said slowly. \"He did save my, possibly our, lives… we shall see, yes?\" Tip looked up through bright eyes. He took her hand and squeezed it gently. \"Do not cry, Tip. There was nothing we could do to prevent it.\" She nodded silently and sniffed. \"Sorry,\" she muttered. \"Yeah, we- we'll se.\" Suddenly, she lit up. \"Is- is the 'Big Brain' gene heritable?\" Oh frowned. \"No, I do not think so.\" \"Okay,\" his wife said with a nod. \"If- if we have a BBB, then can we call them Toni?\" \"Of course. To honor a fallen friend. Though, we should have other name possibilities, too, since Bigheadedness will not show until three days after birth.\" \"Alright,\" Tip said. \"Any other names?\" \"No,\" Oh said and shook his head. \"Not for the moment.\" \"Right,\" Tip said as she stood up and threw the apple core into the trashcan. \"In five minutes, you will be ready at the couch for a Cuddle and Talk session with me, okay?\" \"Aye, aye, Captain!\" Oh saluted with a grin, and then she was gone. Seven minutes and a lot of shuffling later, and the two of them found themselves on the soft couch, with Oh half onto Tip's lap. \"What was it that you wanted to talk about?\" he asked and closed his eyes, wriggling a bit around to get more comfortable. \"I- I honestly just wanted to… to hear your voice again, for some time,\" Tip said. \"I really, really missed you, Oh. I- I knew that you was there, and that you heard me, but you couldn't speak, you couldn't tell me how close you were to getting me out, I didn't know how you felt-\" She had to stop herself and take a shivering breath to prevent tears. \"Tip,\" Oh said softly. \"Dear, my inyoni, it is over now, I will not let anyone else ever do anything like that again, I promise you I will do everything in my power to prevent it. I love you, dearest,\" he muttered, toying with her hair and pushing a feeling of calmness through the link. \"It was so… so boring, too, without you, without your laughter, without our bickering, and I just… I realized that I probably don't appreciate you enough because those eight days felt like forever and my life would have been like that had you never invaded Earth-\" She stopped herself again. \"And the babies, they said they were going to experiment on our wonderful babies, Oh!\" \"Shh, I know,\" Oh whispered, and turned around to give her a sideways hug. \"I love them, too, I will not allow anyone to hurt them, or you, or mymom, because they are family and I love all of you.\" Tip sniffed and giggled. \"Ohana means family,\" she whispered. \"And family means that no one if left behind,\" Oh smiled. \"Or forgotten. Thanks, Oh.\" \"Anytime, Tip.\" He bit his lip. \"By to the way, while you were gone, I read up on… on human pregnancy.\" She giggled again. \"Yes?\" \"And, uhm… it kind of says that in week fifteen it could be smart to- to talk to the children, or sing to them… is. is that true?\" Oh looked away from her, blushing lightly. He wasn't sure why it was so embarrassing, but… he really, really wanted to sing to the Boovlings, okay? Being able to sing to them before they were actually born was like an early Christmas gift. Tip burst out laughing. \"Yes, Oh, that's true. I take it that you want to do it?\" He blushed harder and slapped her arm lightly. \"Shush with you, it is not nice to laugh,\" he muttered. \"But… yes?\" \"Yeah, Oh, it's fine, go on.\" His mate smiled fondly at him, and then the smile turned mischievous. He raised a skeptical eyebrow. \"You are not making me wanting to do it, Tip,\" he said. \"Sing, Oh,\" came the stern reply. \"Okay, okay! But- but what? In English or Boovspeak or what?\" Tip rolled her eyes. \"If you do Boovspeak every time, then I will do English every time. Is that a deal?\" Nodding, Oh cleared his throat and prepared to embarrass himself. Then, he began to sing a song from the old times, from when they were necessary. \" Oh my love, you are my child, though you bear another's name whatever you do, throughout your life, I'll love you still the same. And if you should cry I'll hear you, and if you should call I'll come for although you were not born to me… you are my little one .\" He finished softly, and when he opened his eyes again, Tip was staring at him with a frown. \"What?\" he asked stiffly and crossed his arms. She shook her head and blinked away tears. \"You- you pushed it through the link, Oh, I heard the lyrics, and- and the melody and everything. It was beautiful, honestly.\" Oh blinked in surprise. He hadn't meant to push it through the link, and he hadn't known that it would translate it if he did, but- apparently, yes, yes it does. \"It sounded old, too, in the melody…\" \"It is,\" Oh said. \"It is a lullaby that was sung a lot for three hundred years ago.\" \"How do you know it, then?\" Tip asked with a puzzled look. He blushed and looked down. \"I- I was kind of studying it by myself when I was younger. I wanted to know how to, just in case it would ever be needed. It never was, though,\" he said. \"It was wonderful, Oh,\" Tip muttered softly and smiled at him again. She was just smiles, rarely anything else, just smiles, smiles, smiles, all day. It was refreshing, really, after nine plus four years with just scowls. \"Thank you,\" he said, and his skin flushed pink again. Tip giggled. \"Tip, I-\" He frowned and looked away, opening his mouth and then closing it again in a search for words. \"You mean a lot to me, Tip. When we invaded Earthland, I- I was not okay. I had no friends. But- but then I met you. Then there was light. You were the first, and- and after that I have only gotten more. So I- I want to say thank you, because you made me that much stronger.\" Tip was looking at him with a soft expression. \"Oh,\" she whispered. \"When I thought you died… that was the worst moment in my life. Not when I was pushed down from a building, not when I was bullied at school… no, it was when I thought you died. It wasn't even that bad when you left me, because I knew you were alive to some degree. I wasn't okay either, before you almost licked my face.\" She smiled sadly. \"And it means so much to me, that you… that you came back in the end. You just- turned a whole ship away from the original route and drove back because 'you belonged here'. And that you stayed with me, later, and that you confessed your feelings to me, and that- that you proposed…\" she trailed off and looked down, not meeting his gaze after the confession. \"I was… surprised, when you said that you loved me, too,\" Oh said. \"I honestly could not believe that someone could love me in that way, and not only because I had grown up in a society where it was impossible. I- I have a bad temper; I am not the perfect person for you, Tip, even if we do not fight much. I often feel that I am not good enough to be your soulmate, and that I am more bite than bark.\" Tip blinked a few times before she frowned. \"Oh.\" No reaction. \" Inyoni ,\" she said forcefully, and when he looked up at her she took a hold of his face and kept it in that position. \"You are so nice to me; I've said it before, and I'll say it again. You risked your life to save me, and don't look at me like that I know that was what you were thinking, even though we'd only known each other for three days or something! You always want me to have the best, you care so much about me, and even when HB and Carlos poisoned you, you stayed with me because you saw that it would hurt me if you left!\" \"And besides!\" she pointed out. \"Look around you! You got me a house. You're giving me three Boovlings to take care off, and way earlier than I thought I would become a mom, too.\" He opened his mouth to say something, but Tip interrupted him. \"Don't apologize, that's positive!\" She sighed and balled her hands into fists. \"You are my everything, Oh. I love you.\" When she leaned in for a kiss, Oh kissed back, but it didn't last long before he was clinging to her, close to sobbing, as his skin wasn't sure if it was going to be pink, orange or blue. \"I love you, too,\" he whispered desperately into her neck and increased the pressure. \"So much!\" \"I know, Oh,\" she whispered back and wrapped her arms around him as best as she could. \"I know.\" 20 weeks later, 17 th May Oh was sitting at his desk in the study, doing some dreadfully boring paperwork and almost falling asleep, when Tip, who was in the library, sent him the message. \" Oh .\" Her voice was shaky, and she tripped over the change in letters. \" My water just broke .\" There goes the paperwork , Oh thought. \" Okay, do not panic. I will call the doctors; you go sit down. \" \" I'll call mom and the other's, you just fix the doctors and It'll be fine .\" Oh gave his silent agreement and reached for his Boovphone as he hurried into the main room. They'd finally decided that Tip would give birth at home, but they would have some human doctors and some Boov doctors come over. \" Doctor Jylo speaking, \" said the Boov on the other end of the line. \"Yes, hello,\" Oh answered as he walked over to the couch to sit next to Tip. :Do you need anything?: he asked as he touched her hand. She shook her head and mouthed 'not now'. \"This is Captain JLo, my wife's water just broke.\" There was some shuffling on the other end. \" We will be there in half an hour, \" Jylo said, and the line went dead. Without hesitation, Oh dialed the next number. \" Daniel Vazquez, what is it? \" \"Captain JLo here, Gratuity's water just broke.\" \" Alright, don't panic, that won't be good for the baby. Have the contractions started?\" Oh shot Tip a frightened look. She nodded and held up one finger. \"Yes, there has been one,\" Oh hurried to say. \" We're on our way,\" Vazquez said, and again, the line went dead. \"What do we do now?\" Oh looked at Tip for answers. \"I have no idea what's going to happen, really,\" Tip said with a pained expression. \"Or, I know that we have to count how many minutes there are between contractions…\" she trailed off. \"Okay… am I supposed to do anything?\" \"Yes, you will stand there, let me crush your hand as soon as I am in agonizing pain and look cute.\" Oh blinked. Twice. \"Alright,\" he finally settled on answering. \"Is that- all?\" She rolled her eyes. \"You're the father, Oh. I'm the one giving birth, not you.\" \"So I just. I just stand there, let you crush my hand and look cute?\" \"That was what I said, wasn't it?\" So he stood there, helped the doctors when they asked for it, let Tip crush his hand, and tried to look cute. He wasn't sure if it worked, but he tried. And then there was a light, light purple girl with Oh's blue eyes, and then there was a boy with Tip's green ones, and then there was- a white girl with red eyes? \"She's an albino,\" Tip gasped when she held her in her arms. \"An- albino?\" one of the worried Boov doctors asked, and one of the human doctors explained. \"Which one came first?\" Tip asked Oh in a low murmur, ignoring the noises around them in favor of looking at her newborn babies. \"She did,\" he answered, and placed a shaking hand upon the first girl's head. \"Justice,\" Tip whispered, and Oh looked at her. She was practically glowing with happiness and pride. \"Oh,\" she said and turned to look at him through tear-filled eyes. \"We have kids, Oh. I'm a momma.\" \"Yes,\" Oh said absentmindedly, and gave the three Boovlings a soft look. \"Yes you are.\" \"Abelardo,\" Tip smiled towards the boy in the middle. \"And the last one… what do you want to call her, Oh?\" He didn't have to think long before the answer came in a flash. \"Winter,\" he said as he took in her pale skin. Then he gasped as he noticed the pink colored mark over her left eye. \"Tip, she has a Boov soulmate,\" he exclaimed with a bright smile. \"When a Boov has a soulmate that is another Boov, they are born with a matching mark! Strange, I swear I have seen that mark before… a sickle of a moon…\" Tip gave him a deadpan look. \"Are you serious with me? Boovs are literally just a Soulmate AU?\" Oh flinched. \"Yes?\" His wife sighed. \"Oh well. Congratulations to you, Winter,\" she smiled at the newborn Boovling. She opened her bright red eyes and stared up at her mother. Justice and Abelardo did the same, and Oh felt like he might explode out of pride. He was barely containing his feelings as it was- he didn't need any more! \"I love you,\" he said to the three newborns, pouring as much of said feelings into the words. \"Justice, Abelardo and Winter... welcome home.\" (*Google Translate has informed me that this means 'your beloved' in the Netherlands Yes, that marks the end of this chapter… I'm sorry, but I'm not writing any birth scenes before I've been through one myself, and that is many years into the future, so… this one is a bit rushed. Live with it. The focus of this story is on the lives as Tip and Oh's kids, not on Tip giving birth. I'm not sure how the future chapters will take shape, but the first three years will probably be from Oh's perspective. (A three-year-old Boov may act like a seven or eight year old human). Then we will probably jump back and forward between Justice's, Abelardo and Winter's POV until I find it fit to stop. Questions? There's a function called PM, or Private Message. Go on, it won't hurt anyone. Thoughts or comments? There's a button a bit further down; it's called Review, tap it and do your thing. Please, this story will grow and expand and everything but updates, my will to write and how serious I take this will depend on your responses and how much you tell me about this. As always, tell me what you want to see and I'll do my very best! Because, you know, there's not really a plot, I suck at those… *sighs heavily* Do you want to receive an email when this updates? Click the review button and check off the four boxes there. All of them. Yes. That's good.)[Chapter 3] Chapter Three One Week, May 25 th \"Do you think she'll like them?\" Tip asked nervously. \"Tip, I know that she will love them,\" Oh said sternly. \"I promise.\" His wife took a deep breath. \"Okay,\" she whispered, and a moment later, she was knocking on the door in front of her. The door swung open almost immediately, as if she had anticipated them coming, and Lucy gave a short shriek before she pulled the couple into the hallway and shut the door behind them. \"Oh Tip, you must be so tired,\" she gushed and pushed Tip towards the couch. She threw a look over her shoulder and mouthed 'help me!' mockingly. Lucy pushed her down and Oh placed himself next to her. \"And you, Oh, you must be so proud!\" \"Why hello to you, too, Mymom,\" he said dryly. \"Do you want anything? Tea, coffee, water, juice?\" Lucy asked, ignoring his humble greeting, and then she directed \"Motor oil?\" at him. \"No thank you, mom, we're fine,\" Tip said with an eye roll. \"We wondered if you wanted to meet the Boovlings, actually. They're a week old now, and I finally persuaded Oh to allow me to go out.\" At Lucy's raised eyebrow, she said in a mock whisper, \"He thinks I'm so tired after giving birth to three aliens!\" \"I am sitting here, you know,\" Oh said. Tip gasped loudly. \"You are?\" she exclaimed, covering her mouth with her hand. Her eyes were sparkling. \"Anyways, mom, we brought the kids,\" she said, gesturing towards the do-it-yourself harness she and Oh had made. Lucy's eyes went wide. \"Oh my, are they my wonderful newborn grandkids?\" \"Who else?\" Oh asked with a raised eyebrow. \"This is Justice; she was born first,\" he said, and lifted the sleeping Boovling out of the white harness. \"Good grief,\" Lucy muttered and reached out after her. \"She is adorable. How do you tell them apart?\" Tip gave a bit of a guilty look. \"Uhm, I actually can't? Oh manage it better than me, but- we have two girls and a boy, and one of the girls is… different from the others. You'll see.\" \"These… nose things,\" Lucy said, tilting the baby so she could have a better look. \"Am I right when I say that they grow with age?\" \"Yes,\" Oh answered with a small smile. \"Adorable,\" his Mymom-in-law muttered absentmindedly. \"What about the others?\" \"This is Abelardo, Mymom,\" Oh said and handed another sleeping Boovling over. \"He was second.\" \"Another absolutely adorable grandkid,\" Lucy gushed happily, having some troubles with balancing two babies at the same time. Oh laughed and took Justice back. She grimaced as she was in free air before Oh clutched her to his chest and she calmed down again. Warmth filled his heart and he smiled widely. \"You don't mind if I spoil them, do you?\" his Mymom-in-law asked. Tip laughed. \"Considering that our kids will be your only grandkids and that you'll be their only grandparent, I think that you'll spoil each other rotten. So nope, no problem at all!\" Lucy handed Oh Abelardo, too, and he snuggled up to his father's chest in his sleep. \"What about the last one?\" Tip and Oh shared a look. \"Mom, this is Winter,\" Tip said slowly, as if hesitant, and then she pulled the youngest of their kids out from the harness. Lucy inhaled sharply. \"Oh my goodness,\" she breathed and reached out. \"She's an albino …\" \"Mom, if you're going to be like that-\" Tip complained, pulling back. \"No, no Tippy that was not what I meant,\" Lucy interrupted. \"Not at all! She's gorgeous! And what a fitting name, too!\" Tip, still hesitant, let her mother take Winter into her arms. \"What's this mark?\" Lucy asked in curiosity, poking the sickle moon above Winter's left eye gently. The couple shared another look, and Oh sighed. \"It is indicating that Winter has a Boov soulmate.\" \"Tip has no mark,\" Lucy pointed out. \"I'm not sure if you remember, but I'm a human, mom,\" Tip said dryly. \"I see…\" Lucy drawled, when the pale Boov began to stir in her hold. \"Oh my gosh, she's waking up!\" Slowly, the young Boov girl opened her eyes. \"So beautiful red eyes,\" Lucy gasped. \"Hello, Winter. I'm your grandmama!\" Winter blinked a few times in confusion before her face broke into a happy, toothless smile, and reached out after Lucy's face, patting her cheek. Lucy gasped. \"She can smile already?\" she asked in disbelief. \"Yes,\" Oh said. \"Boov mature faster than humanspersons.\" \"What a beautiful miracle,\" Lucy whispered, and looked down at her giggling granddaughter. \"Here you go, Tippy.\" Tip put Winter back in the harness, then placed Justice down, too, handed Winter to Oh and got Abelardo in return. Oh absentmindedly noticed that Lucy was watching them with interest as he curled up on the couch, leaned against Tip's side and cradled the now-awake Winter to his chest. :I can't believe how lucky I am: he said to Tip as Abelardo slowly woke up and made a gurgling sound. :Me neither, Oh: Tip answered when he sneezed. :Me neither.: Two Weeks, June 2 nd Oh was a light sleeper. Always had been, always will be. It was simply a part of who he was. Many Boovs where like that, actually. It was an effect of having to stay on constant guard no matter where or when. Tip was not a light sleeper. If the world suddenly decided to go under, Tip would just sleep through it. That was probably why Oh woke up before her whenever the kids decided to throw a fit in the middle of the night. Oh could distinctly remember when he was young and no one cared when he was upset. He didn't want his kids to have that feeling; not now, not tomorrow, not ever. Which was why he found himself slipping through the yellow door and hurrying towards the crib in the far end of the room. He and Tip had decided that the kids would sleep in the same room, and for now, they would sleep in the same crib. They'd tried to separate them in the beginning, but… well… the results weren't exactly great. Looking into the crib, he found that it was Justice, again, and this time it was more crying than screaming. Her skin was flashing blue and sometimes red, indicating that she wasn't that angry. Her two siblings appeared to be concerned for her, looking up at their father with a lost look. Oh sighed softly as he picked her up, trying to be gentle with her. Justice was the oldest, but she had the weakest skin even though she could change colors with her emotions. Abelardo, they'd figured out, would only change at the strongest emotions, and only one at a time. Winter couldn't change at all. Justice's crying cut off suddenly. She probably hadn't expected to find herself in her father's embrace already. \"Shh,\" Oh whispered, and begun rocking her back and forth. \"Shh, Justice, darling, it is okay, papa is here…\" \" Oh my love, you are my child although bear another's name whatever you do, throughout your life, I'll love you still the same. and if you should cry I'll hear you and if you should call I'll come for although you don't belong to me, you're still my little one…\" After less than a minute with singing Justice had dozen off again, and Oh pulled her away from his chest. It wasn't that hard, he thought. \"I love you,\" he whispered. \"All of you.\" He kissed her forehead, dried away her tears and placed her down into the crib again, pulling the blanket over her body. It really wasn't that hard to give his daughter what he'd never had. Four Weeks, June 17 th \"They're growing up so fast,\" Tip sighed as she took in the scene before them. The three Boovlings were sitting on a blanket spread out across the floor of the main room. It appeared that they were trying to speak, uttering some Boovish sounds, some almost-English words and some gurgling now and then. It was very adorable to watch, especially as Justice was rolling around –as a Boov, she could not crawl; instead, she rolled- and bumping into Winter and Abelardo, who were watching her, fascinated. \"What does you mean?\" Oh asked confused. This was completely normal behavior for Boovlings at their age, even though the talking part had come early. Oh blamed it on all the speaking and singing Tip and he had done during Tip's pregnancy. \"Right, for you they aren't,\" Tip said with a huff. \"But by human standards this is incredibly creepy. They shouldn't barely be able to keep their heads up or turn around had they been humans,\" she explained further. Oh shrugged helplessly. There wasn't really anything they could do about it. \"Justice!\" Tip cried as the girl in question poked Winter in the eye. The latter shrieked and fell backwards in her panic, and while Tip scolded the oldest, Oh helped the youngest into a sitting position again. \"You can't do that to others, Justice,\" Tip said sternly. Justice looked lost. \"Tip,\" Oh said softly. \"Perhaps it was accidental. They are young; accidents happens all the time.\" As if backing up her father's claim, Justice promptly fell backwards and poked herself in the eye. This time Tip looked lost, shooting looks between her oldest and her youngest. Oh chuckled lightly and sat down next to Abelardo. He looked up at him with confusion evident in his eyes. \"Girls, Abelardo. No one really understands them,\" Oh said with a wink. Abelardo only frowned, and Tip chucked a pillow in Oh's direction. \"They understand so much too,\" Tip said as she sat down between Winter and Justice. \"They have so… apparent personalities. Is that normal for Boov as well?\" Oh nodded and watched as Abelardo tried to roll over to Winter. Justice giggled, catching everyone's attention, before she rolled to the left, bumping into Tip's knee. Abelardo frowned and tried again, this time doing it better but not quite like his sister. \"It is a way of survival. Boov are prey; our young had to learn things in a very young age,\" Oh said and smiled as the young boy sighed and promptly gave up. \"See, Tip, I told you! If possibility for success falls below fifty percent, Boov give up!\" Tip rolled her eyes. \"Abelardo, you mustn't listen to your papa, he doesn't understand things.\" \"I am more Boov than you,\" Oh said and crossed his arms. \"And thank God for that,\" Tip muttered. \"Come on, Abelardo,\" she said to the confused Boovling. \"Try again.\" He looked skeptic, but did try. \"See, Oh, they have human genes in them,\" Tip grinned and raised her eyebrows threateningly. Oh smirked. \"What a pity,\" he remarked, and looked down at his kids again. Abelardo had managed to roll over to his youngest sister, this time, and had knocked her over with a shriek. Justice was watching on the sidelines and giggling. \"Well, at least they're calm at night,\" Tip sighed, and leaned back on her hands. \"Excusing me?\" Oh said in disbelief. \"You cannot be the serious.\" \"No, I'm Tip,\" his wife answered cheekily. Oh shot her a dirty look and she giggled. \"Sorry, I've been hanging out with Kyle too much. But yes, I am serious. Why?\" \"Curse you and your heavy sleeping cycle,\" Oh grumbled. \"When the kids are waking up in the night I have to calm them down. You would not wake up if an elephant stomped through the room.\" Tip grimaced. \"Why haven't you told me earlier?\" \"I honestly thought you had that knowledge,\" Oh replied with a shrug. \"It does not matter, my dear inyoni. It forms a better bond between father and daughters.\" Abelardo looked up at him with a pout. \"And son,\" Oh hastily added. \"Oh you take that tone, do you?\" Tip grinned. \"Challenge accepted, mister.\" She then proceeded to pick up the Boovlings and run around the whole room, pretending to be a helicopter. The kids, not prepared for this at all, gave almost identical shrieks of delight, though Justice's was the loudest. Oh leaned back against the wall behind him with a soft smile. Now that he thought about it, it wouldn't be hard to give any of his children –or his wife- what he'd never had when he needed it the most. It wasn't that hard to love. Not really. Six Weeks, July 2 nd \"Okay, Tip,\" Oh said, making a sweeping motion towards the room. \"Explain this.\" \"I knew it was too early,\" Tip muttered, rubbing at her eyes. \"I bloody knew it.\" \"You know,\" Oh said and crossed his arms. \"I am thinking that they are doing this with purpose.\" As if they had heard him, the giggles from the Boovlings increased. \"I'm too young for this,\" Tip grumbled and pushed herself away from the wall she was leaning against. \"Okay you three, listen up!\" she barked, causing her kids to freeze in their places, covered in yellow goo. \"If you're too young to eat properly, then you're too young to eat candy . Now, I'm going to clean up this mess,\" She gestured. There was goo everywhere . On the Boovlings, on the walls, on the floor, and God knows how they got goo up into the ceiling, but it was there . \"And we're going to give eating a new try. If you can't eat properly then, there will be no candy for the next three weeks!\" They were all staring her in some kind of shock. Abelardo dropped his spoon and tried to sink into his seat, Winter was looking way more guilty than a six-weeks-old Boov should be able to, and Justice was just… looking shocked, with red and yellow stripes running over her body. \"M-\" Winter tried, and all attention was suddenly on her. \"M… mu…\" Tip froze before she straightened up with a shocked look. \"Mymom,\" Winter squeaked with a light, light voice. Oh burst out laughing right there, scolding forgotten. Tip made a surprised sound, and then she looked down at him. \"You know !?\" she cried, and didn't have to explain what she meant. Why yes, yes he knows. \"Tip,\" Oh gasped. \"I have been knowing since we found the Gorg super chip!\" She frowned. \"The Gorg super chip !? But that- Oh, that's five years ago !\" Oh nodded through his laughter, taking deep breaths and trying to calm himself down. \"Peh,\" Abelardo said, tasting the word. Oh was up on his feet immediately, laughter forgotten and staring at his son in anticipation. Tip had already been called Mymom… what would he be called? Abelardo frowned and swallowed, the muscles in his throat working hard. \"Pa… papa…\" Oh took a sharp intake of breath, but before he could say or do anything, Justice cried out. \"Ead a dell!\" she shrieked in outrage, pushing her brother's shoulder hard and crossing her arms. Tip an Oh shared a look and decided not to comment. \"Now,\" Oh said. \"Let us see about cleaning you up, shall we?\" And with that, he scooped the three of them up and held them in his arms. Justice fidgeted and tried, to no vail, to get away from her siblings. \"Tip, will you do the kitchen? You know how hard these are to wash up.\" Tip giggled and nodded. \"Sure thing, Oh.\" Already out of the door, Oh looked down at the kids he held in his arms. \"What did you call me, Abelardo?\" The only other male in the room looked at him as if he was crazy for forgetting so soon, but swallowed and spoke again. \"Papa,\" he whispered, much to Justice's outrage. \"Papa!\" Winter said, giggling and nuzzling his chest. Justice crossed her arms and shook her head. Oh laughed at her stubbornness. \"That is okay, Justice. You talk when you are ready to.\" The oldest girl gave him a shocked look, but nodded slowly. Her father smiled at them. Speaking at six weeks… it was a bit early, but considering their family, it wasn't that much of a surprise. \"Okay,\" Oh sighed and eyed the bathtub warily. \" Wish me good luck, Tip,\" he said. \" Good luck, Oh ,\" Tip giggled, and Oh sighed again. Eight Weeks, July 14 th Tip sighed and massaged her temple. \"How old do they have to be before we can send them to the Baking Oven, inyoni?\" she asked in defeat. Justice, Abelardo and Winter were all running around through the house as fast as their small legs could carry them. Admittedly, it wasn't very fast, and not very disturbing, but they were all shrieking in delight as they went. \"Just two more weeks, Tip, dear,\" Oh answered with a smile. He walked away from the wall and placed himself in the middle of the room. \"Abelardo!\" he called, and the boy stopped short in his tracks, turning around to face his father. \"Ya?\" he answered in his tiny voice, and Oh smiled. \"Stay there, will you?\" As his son nodded, he straightened up again. \"Winter! Justice!\" Not long after, and the three Boovlings were gathered in front of him, looking curious and confused at why their playing had been interrupted. \"What do you think about going to the Baking Oven in two weeks?\" Justice gasped in delight and nearly had a JoX attack there on the spot. Abelardo looked pleased, while Winter was cocking her head, as if in thought. \"Win?\" Abelardo asked and poked his sister in the shoulder. \"I-\" Winter replied. \"am no' like 'em…\" she whispered, and Tip and Oh shared a look. \"Winter, darling,\" Tip said, and stepped forward to hug her daughter. \"Come with me; we'll have a talk.\" Passing by him, Tip gave Oh a look and brushed her hand over his head. :Will you talk to the others?: He nodded and turned towards the two remaining kids. \"Justice,\" he said with a smile. \"Why are you excited?\" \"I 'ill 'eet other Boov,\" she cried and begun jumping up and down. \"Other kids!\" \"Yes, Justice, you will. And you, Abelardo? What do you think?\" \"Well…\" the boy said, and scratched his neck. \"There 'ill be- lots to, to see, yes?\" \"Yes, lots to see and lots to learn,\" Oh smiled, and Abelardo brightened up. You are an odd one, Abelardo, Oh chuckled mentally. \"What were you playing earlier?\" Justice lit up like fireworks and jumped up and down on the spot again. \"Tag!\" she cried, and poked her father forcefully. Not that it hurt or anything, but she did it forcefully anyway. Oh raised an eyebrow. \"I am it. You have three seconds to run.\" The Boovlings seemed confused for a moment until Abelardo's eyes widened. \"One,\" Oh counted, and the boy shrieked 'Papa!' and ran for cover. \"Two.\" Justice screamed and bolted the other way when she realized what he was doing. \"Three!\" Oh yelled, and with that he was running after them. He ran around the couch and nearly crashed into the door leading to the Boovlings bedroom, chasing a giggling Justice through the room, into the bathroom and out to the other side, where Abelardo was lurking, unprepared. \"What on earth is going on here?\" Tip cried suddenly, and Oh laughed. \"Tag!\" he called back, and Winter begun squirming in Tip's arms. \"Wanna play, Mymom!\" she whined, and moments later a girl as white as snow was running through the room together with the others. \"Come on, Tip!\" Oh yelled. \"Help me out! They are fast, the devils!\" Tip giggled and threw herself into the game, much to Oh's delight and the Boovlings' fright. They could outrun their papa for a while, but Mymom? No way. Never. Nope. But did they give up? Of course not! Ten Weeks, July 28 th \"I am expecting you to behave, you lot,\" Oh said over his shoulder as he walked the trio into the Baking Oven they were attending the next few years. \"We will, papa!\" Justice grinned. After Abelardo had asked for lessons on talking properly, Justice had picked it up, and Winter had followed after. They were all getting better, and maturing faster than other Boovlings. It was… frightening, in a way, and Oh could kind of understand why Tip was so freaked out in the beginning. \"Alright, Justice, I believe you,\" Oh smiled. Then he grew serious. \"I know that people will try and be mean to you. Do not listen to them unless they are saying the good things, okay? Tell someone if it happens, yes?\" Abelardo nodded so hard that it seemed like his head might fall off, and Winter gave her father a shy smile. \"Papa?\" she whispered. \"Yes, Winter?\" \"I love you.\" Oh smiled fondly at his daughter. \"I love you too, Winter,\" he said and knelt down to give all three of them a hug. \"Now, go on, and I will go speak to the Boov in command. Have fun!\" They ran off with giggles, and Oh stood up, shaking his head and chuckling lightly. They were just too adorable. \"Hello?\" he said and knocked on the door he'd been eying for a while. It swung open mere seconds later. \"Hi,\" a female Boov answered. And then she recognized him. \"O-oh! Hello, Captain JLo, please, come in!\" \"Thanking you,\" Oh said with a smile, and walked into the room beyond the door. \"I will not be staying for a long time,\" he assured her. \"I just want to talk about my children.\" \"Ah, yes, the three youngest,\" she nodded. \"What about them?\" \"Please, do not treat them in a special way just because they are mine. I want them to have a normal childhood.\" The manager of the place blinked in confusion. \"O-kay, as you wish, sir. Is there anything I need to know about them?\" \"Winter is… different from the others. Her skin is white, her eyes are red, and she is afraid that people might bully her,\" Oh said sadly. \"I wish I could tell her enough times that she is beautiful, but I am afraid that she does not believe me.\" \"We are not allowing bullies here, Captain, not to worry. If they are detected then they will be expelled,\" the manager assured him very, very quickly. \"Anything else?\" He looked at her gravely. \"They are incredibly smart. Abelardo especially. He can speak English almost better than me, and some simple Boovspeak, too. All of them can speak fairly well, but Abelardo is the best.\" She did a double take and widened her eyes. \"Are they not ten weeks old?\" \"Yes,\" Oh said and looked down. \"Yes, they are. It is scary how fast they are growing up. At this rate, I would say that they are all Big Brain Boovs without the large heads.\" The manager made a choking sound. \"Should we treat them like that?\" \"In some ways, yes,\" Oh answered. \"But do remember, they are still young. They might be smart, but they are still very, very young.\" She nodded solemnly. \"It is noted, Captain JLo. You will get a notice if we have any troubles with them, and they will be treated like… like BBB's on some points and like normal Boov kids on other.\" Oh gave her a warning look. \"Do not raise them to be computers like BBB's were raised to be under Smek's command. I want them to live normal, yes?\" \"Yes!\" she agreed and nodded hard. \"Good,\" Oh smiled. \"Gratuity will retrieve them when the time comes. Goodbye for now!\" \"G-goodbye,\" came the weak reply as Oh disappeared out of the door with a chuckle. Six Hours Later Oh had just flipped a page in his book when the entrance door slid open and three Boovlings came running in. Just as he was standing up to greet them, Winter shrieked \"Papa!\" and threw herself at him. Justice and Abelardo soon followed, and Oh fell to the floor with a huff. Tip entered a moment later and begun laughing when she saw him under a pile of moving footballs. \"Help,\" Oh wheezed and reached a hand out towards her. \"Drama queen.\" Tip rolled her eyes and passed by him, walked into the kitchen and placed some bags onto the workbench, and then she walked into the room again. Oh was trying to shake the young ones off, but to no vail; they stood their ground. \"Alright you big doofs, come here,\" he said and scooped them all up into a hug. \"Who is your favorite parent?\" he asked, not expecting an answer. \"Mymom!\" they all said at the same time, and Oh froze. Tip burst out laughing. \"Seriously?\" Oh said. \"And you, papa,\" Abelardo squealed and hugged him tighter. \"Yes!\" the two girls repeated. \"Papa, too!\" Tip stopped laughing and Oh grinned. \"That is correct,\" he smiled. \"Did you have a good day?\" Justice jumped down from his lap and nodded hard. \"I did! It was loads a'fun, the other kids like us!\" \"They on't talk mush,\" Winter whispered. \"Why on't they talk to us?\" \"Because they can't,\" Tip frowned. \"They can't?\" Abelardo repeated and copied her frown. \"Why?\" \"They have not learned how to,\" Oh explained and lifted the boy out of his lap and placed him on the floor. \"Why?\" Justice wanted to know. Tip and Oh shared a look, and then Tip went over and sat down next to him, grabbing his hand. :You have some explaining to do,: she said, and Oh sighed. The kids shared a look themselves, and then they walked away. Justice muttered something about 'unfair silent talks' and then they were gone. :I- I don't know why, but they're maturing way too fast. This isn't normal for a normal Boov. They're acting like Big Brain Boovs, but that shouldn't be possible at all.: :Then what on Earth is going on?: Tip asked with a frown. :Could it be the genes mixing up? Should we talk to someone about this?: Oh nodded slowly. :That is a possibility. However I think we should wait two months: Tip cocked and eyebrow at him. :Why? That's- that's eight weeks, almost the double they already are.: :Because,: Oh drawled. :At that age normal Boov stop maturing quickly; at twenty plus minus weeks most normal Boov would be able to talk some really bad English- unless they have a speaking problem, of course- and act like the 'Lings are doing now. Then they stop maturing until they hit the three-year-old mark, and they age in a humanish speed.: :Then what the fuck is going on with our children!?: Tip cried. :Tip,: Oh said softly. :There may be nothing wrong with them. It may be the genes acting up, combining the human mimicking-sounds ability and the Boovs quick learning, or it may be because we sung and talked so much during your pregnancy, or it may be because we actually tried to learn them how to speak. Any of these combined with a desire for learning and/or a high intelligence should be enough for this to happen,: Oh tried to explain, and Tip frowned. :…alright,: she said after a long pause. :I get where you're coming from. So… no checking stuff until twenty weeks, then?: :No checking stuff until twenty weeks,: Oh agreed. He exhaled slowly. :…should we tell them?: :About what?: Tip asked. Oh winced. :That- that they don't have a normal family.: Tip looked up and around the room. She smiled sadly. :I think they know already, Oh.: He nodded. :Perhaps they do.: July 29 th \"Grandmama!\" was the first thing said when Lucy opened the door for them. Receiving a hug from three small aliens was the first thing done. Lucy chuckled and opened the door wider. \"Well, don't just stand there,\" she said and waved them in. \"It's warmer inside.\" Tip rolled her eyes. \"As if it isn't warm enough already,\" she moaned. \"Well, it's colder then,\" Lucy shrugged as they stepped inside and walked over to the couch. \"Hello, dearies,\" Lucy said to her grandkids. \"'ello, grandmama!\" Justice replied with a smile. \"Now, which one of you was it that wants Boov candy?\" Lucy asked as she knelt down to be on their eye level. \"Me,\" Winter said and raised her hand as far up as it would go. \"I said last time,\" she pointed out. \"Ops, it must be my old age,\" Lucy said with a smile. Abelardo frowned. \"Grandmama, you aren't old,\" he said. \"It was a joke, Abe,\" Justice rolled her eyes. \"O-oh. Sorry.\" \"That means that Justice wants human candy and Abelardo doesn't care,\" Lucy muttered absentmindedly. \"Wait here, I'll be right back!\" She disappeared out into the kitchen, and Winter immediately went over to the couch and held up her arms towards Tip with a pleading expression. Tip chuckled and lifted her up onto the couch, where she rolled over to Oh and rested against him. \"I'm back!\" Lucy cheerfully said, and help up two small milk chocolates and a small can of motor oil. \"Here you go,\" she said and handed the motor oil to Winter. \"Here you go.\" Chocolate handed to Justice. \"And here's for you, Abelardo.\" Chocolate handed to Abelardo. Justice opened her chocolate and stuffed the whole bar into her mouth immediately, which caused the adults to smile warmly. \"Mymom?\" Winter squeaked, and Oh thought of a burbling mountain river. Again. Tip looked at her daughter with a questioning look. \"'an you watsh dis for me?\" said daughter asked and held out the motor oil. \"Of course, sweetie,\" Tip said and put the can into her purse. \"Thanking you,\" Winter replied politely and jumped down from the couch before she went over to her siblings to play. Lucy's smile dropped immediately. \"They're so mature,\" she whispered, her eyes going wide. \"Makes you wonder how old they really are!\" \"They're, uhm… ten weeks, mom,\" Tip said, her eyes darting around the room as if unsure about what to focus on. \"I know it doesn't appear like that, but… Oh and I are wondering if it might be because of our mixed genes. They really are two and a half months old, mom, they really are, it's just that they speak so well and that they have so distinct personalities that makes it seem like they're older.\" \"And- this is normal?\" Lucy asked. \"The personality part? Yes. The talking part? No,\" Oh replied. \"But- but we are believing that it is the human genes and the Boov genes mixing together, and if you are adding the fact that they appear to be highly intelligent for their age and have a desire for learning to communicate, it does make sense in some strange way.\" \"Huh,\" Lucy replied. She turned in her chair to watch the young Boovlings rolling around on the floor, and her expression softened into a warm smile. \"They're certainly something, aren't they?\" Tip smiled, too. \"Yes, mom. Yes they are.\" Twelve Weeks, August 10 th \"Oh, it's time for us to have a Talk.\" Oh looked up and met his mate's eyes with a surprised expression. He'd just put the Boovlings to bed, and while he'd been prepared for cuddling he wasn't prepared for a Talk . \"Okay,\" he replied nonetheless, and followed Tip to the couch. It didn't appear like he had any choice, and it wasn't like they'd ever fought because of the Talks. \"What is it?\" \"In all the five years we've known each other,\" Tip begun, and Oh knew, by the look on her face, that they were going to stay there for a while. \"We've never talked much about your childhood. Yes, you said that you don't fit in when we'd just met, but that's not what I mean.\" Upon hearing the words, his skin appeared to be unsure whether to turn pale blue or just pale in general. He sighed, though. This talk was long overdue. \"I was never liked,\" Oh told her, looking away awkwardly. \"The other Boov… thought that I was… weird. That I was- unique. It was- a bad thing, when I was younger, to be happy, to want- to want friends. \"Boov do not 'friend',\"\" he quoted and drew a shaky breath. \"It was bad, but I tried to feel happiness. It worked… in a way, but I knew that I was living a lie. Had I not been Boov, I would have been dead.\" Tip frowned. \"What do you mean, had you not been Boov?\" she asked softly. Oh swallowed and opened his mouth before closing it again, frowning and trying to form a sentence she'd understand. \"Boov do not understand suicide,\" he finally settled with. \"Yes, they- many would be considering it if they knew of it, but the idea of killing yourself- it is unacceptable.\" \"You mean… had you known that it was possible, you would have taken your own life?\" Tip gasped, ignoring the bad structured explanation. \"…yes.\" She reached over and pulled him into a tight hug. \"But not anymore, right?\" she whispered. He shook his head and smiled as his skin flushed pink. Even after five years, it was great to see that she cared about him. He'd never had anyone really caring about him. \"Not anymore.\" A sudden sob shattered the moment, and Tip released him in favor of detecting the source. \"Abelardo!\" she gasped. Oh looked underneath her arm and widened his eyes. Their only son was standing just outside of his bedroom, with wide eyes and- and blue skin. \"Papa,\" he whispered, and Oh slid out of the couch to sit on the floor. Abelardo threw himself into his arms, hugging him as forcefully as a three-months-old Boov boy could. \"The Boov were mean to you?\" he asked. He sounded shocked. He's been listening to the whole conversation, Oh realized and sighed heavily. \"Yes,\" he said, because it would not do good to teach his kids it was okay to lie. \"But you are their captain!\" Abelardo whispered in confusion. \"I was not at the time,\" Oh reminded him. \"But how? Why? You are nice!\" \"I dared to be different,\" Oh told him and pulled away from the hug. \"People will always envy others that dare to be themselves.\" \"Am I different?\" Abelardo whispered and frowned. \"Everyone's unique, and therefore different,\" Tip said and crouched down next to him. \"That includes you, and me, and papa, and your sisters.\" \"Will people be mean to me?\" \"We won't allow them,\" Tip assured him with a hard look. \"Now, I think you should go to bed, young man.\" Abelardo ignored her. \"Papa? Are you okay?\" Oh smiled warmly and hugged his son one last time at the display of affection. Even after just three months, his kids cared about him. Already . Add that to Tip- just Tip, Tip in general-, and you had a great recipe for a happy life. Perhaps not the best, but a damn good one anyways. \"Yes. I am now.\" There was a moment as Abelardo appeared to consider this, and then he slipped out of Oh's grasp. \"Goodnight, Papa, goodnight, Mymom,\" he muttered, and then he was gone. \"Goodnight, Abelardo,\" Oh whispered, and drew himself up into a standing position before dropping carelessly down next to Tip, who on the couch again. \"I love you, you know,\" Tip told him and nuzzled his head, curling protectively up around him as she had done so many times before. Oh flushed pink again and nuzzled her arm right back. \"I know,\" he said with a smile, and felt himself begin to doze off. \"I am happiness that you do,\" he yawned, his mind not really functioning properly in the sleepy state he was in. \"I love you, too.\" The words were muttered into the abyss, and the last thing he knew before falling asleep was the soothing heartbeat of his wife. Fourteen Weeks, August 24 th \"I don't think we'll need to check them, Oh,\" Tip said. Oh looked up at her, but she was standing with her back to him, cooking something in a frying pan. Now and then, the sound of hissing oil or melted butter could be heard, but other than that content silence had echoed through the room. \"What does you mean?\" Oh asked and returned to chopping cucumber and placing it in a bowl. It was perhaps the only human thing he could eat for a longer time without getting sick. He could of course eat other human things, but if he ate too much of it… well. Let's not go there. \"Well, they haven't done anything more spectacular than learning to speak earlier than other Boov, and in the last month-ish they have barely changed at all. So yeah, it's probably just one of the things you listed,\" Tip explained and threw a smile over her shoulder at him. At a particularly loud hissing noise, she grabbed a bowl and poured the meat she'd cooked into it. She reached after the salt and pepper, threw some cheese over it all and walked towards the table. Oh shrugged, put the knife into the dishwasher, grabbed his own bowl and sat down opposite of his soulmate. \"I would not be too worried,\" he said and stuffed some of the watery plant into his mouth, chewing delightedly. \"Had that not been the case. It has happened before, and the Boovs were great people, trusting me.\" \"I do,\" Tip assured him. \"I do.\" A rush of affection and appreciation flowed through him, and he ducked his head to hide his blush. Tip laughed. \"You do know by now that you can't hide your blush from me, right?\" she asked playfully, and Oh blushed harder. \"Yes,\" he answered, dragging the E sound out and turning mild green. It was just a partial lie anyways. Tip laughed again and shook her head, eating another spoonful of meat. She nonchalantly grabbed a handful of cucumber from Oh's bowl and dropped it into her own. At Oh's raised eyebrow, she shrugged. \"Not enough taste, not enough crunchiness,\" she explained, waving her spoon around in small circles. The Boov rolled his eyes and ate another piece of cucumber. A sudden, run-away thought caused him to frown in worry. \"How are you, inyoni?\" he asked softly, and Tip looked up in surprise. \"I'm fine, why?\" \"No,\" Oh said. \"Not now. How are you- in general?\" Her shoulders drooped and she put her spoon down. \"Lonely. There's little I can do in the daytime, besides painting and reading books. Yeah, and by the way, I've nearly read through all the books there. Not the ones in Boovspeak, obviously.\" He frowned again. \"I am sorry, I am not meaning to leaving you alone like that,\" he whispered. He truly was sorry for it; he missed the longer days he would spend with his mate, before the Boovlings, before moving, before they… before they grew up. Perhaps it had been a mistake, to have children so early… but they brought so much happiness with them, and there was no way to change it now. \"No, it's okay!\" Tip hurried to say, gesturing to make her point clear. \"I know that you're busy with work and being a Boov leader and everything, and I really, really appreciate that you still manage to make time for me, somehow, in your busy schedule. But it still gets lonely, so I've- I've been filling the time with writing.\" Oh raised his eyebrows. \"Writing?\" he said in surprise. Tip didn't seem like the type to, she usually painted, but who was he to judge? \"Yeah,\" Tip said and looked away awkwardly. \"I know it's not a good idea or whatever, but the community is really good!\" \"The community?\" Oh asked, his confusion at the situation only growing. Their food was pushed aside, forgotten for good. \"Yeah, I, ah, I've been publishing my writing on the internet, so others can read it too. I've been anonymous, so no one knows that it's me, but the feedback I'm getting is amazing , I've been communicating with so many people!\" \"That is great, Tip,\" Oh said, genuinely happy. He didn't understand half of what Tip was babbling about, but hey, she was practically beaming at him. \"I am happy for you!\" \"It's still kinda silent in here, and I'd like to get out more often, but it's better after I begun being active.\" Oh nodded, considering a few options for what he could do so Tip would get out of the house more often. He could understand that she'd get frustrated after more than a few days, basically locked into their home. Then he lit up. \"You could go to the shop instead of me, if you would want, and there is a library being built just around the corner,\" he said tentatively, watching her face closely for any reaction. Her eyes widened and she facepalmed. \"Gosh, I hadn't even thought of that, wow.\" She shook her head at her own silliness and Oh smiled. \"Yes, that's a great idea, Oh! I could perhaps go to some cafés, too, when I want to write. It's cliché, I know, but it works.\" \"I am glad I could help, my inyoni,\" Oh said, and eyed her long forgotten meal. \"I am thinking you have been forgetting something,\" he smirked, and threw the last handful of cucumber into his mouth, jumped down from the chair and placed the bowl into the dishwasher next to the knife. Tip groaned. \"Do you think Justice or Abelardo would like this for their breakfast tomorrow? I'm not hungry anymore.\" Oh shrugged and retrieved a glass of orange juice from the fridge. \"Put it in the refrigerator and ask them tomorrow.\" She sighed. \"You have a point.\" \"Do I not always?\" Oh said seriously as he walked towards the door. \"Shut it,\" Tip giggled and followed him without complaint. Sixteen Weeks, September 7 th \"Papa?\" Winter whispered. \"Can you sing that song again?\" Oh raised his eyebrows and walked over to her bed, flopping down next to her. \"Which?\" \"The one 'bout you always loving us,\" his youngest daughter explained, and wriggled a bit in her bed. Her bright, pale skin was almost glowing in the darkness of the room. He smiled warmly. \"Of course,\" he answered. \"Do you want to sing with me?\" Winter lit up and giggled lightly. \"Yes!\" she whisper-yelled and jumped in the bed. They sung, Oh's voice mixing with her's much lighter. A sharp intake of breath at the door made him aware of Tip's presence, and he grinned. \"Goodnight, Winter,\" he whispered and kissed her forehead, tucked her in and then walked out the door, his wife following after him. \"Oh, did you hear that?\" she asked in disbelief, nudging him towards the couch. \"I did.\" \"Her voice is so beautiful!\" Tip whispered and sat down heavily. \"My god!\" Oh chuckled. \"Yes, if she wants to, one day she will be great.\" Tip nodded and rested her head on top of his. \"Wow, Oh, we- I never thought that we'd come this far… that we'd become parents …\" \"Neither did I, inyoni\" he answered and inhaled her scent. \"Neither did I.\" Eighteen Weeks, September 21 th \"Why didn' you tell us !?\" Abelardo shrieked as he pummeled into the room, and Tip jumped in surprise. Oh looked at his son in confusion. \"What does you mean?\" \"You!\" Abelardo said and pointed an accusing finger at the two of them. He was breathing hard. \"Saved the world!\" His sisters, who'd hurried in after him, gasped in unison. \"You were the first human and Boov soulmates!\" Abelardo continued, and Tip winced when the girls gasped louder. \"Yes,\" Oh said slowly. \"Yes, we were.\" \"And we kind of did,\" Tip added. \"Why didn' you tell us!? \" Abelardo repeated. Oh and Tip exchanged a look, debating silently and quickly. Oh sighed heavily. \"You are still too young to be knowing this,\" he muttered darkly. \"Can we take this conversation at a later age, please?\" Abelardo was practically steaming, and his skin was slowly turning a dark red color. Winter's eyes were blown wide open, same as her mouth, and it appeared that she didn't know what to say. Understandable, she'd just figured out that her parents had saved the world after all. Justice was bright orange, and it- wasn't a surprise, not really, that she was in awe. \"Abelardo,\" Tip said softly, and the young boy's focus snapped to her. \"You're still young, just four months. Yes, you are acting more mature than you should, even for a Boov, and you are aware of this fact –though how I have no idea- but you're still too young to understand. We'll tell you when you turn four, okay? I promise.\" And with that, all the anger melted of him, the red color draining away and returning to the same old purple. \"…okay,\" he muttered, looking slightly ashamed of his outburst. \"What!?\" Justice cried. \"You're just- givin' up like that!?\" Winter swatted at her arm. \"It's their rules, Jess,\" she whispered. \"The're our creators, dey decide.\" Tip choked and Oh widened his eyes, skin paling. That- came as a shock. \"Winter, darling,\" he said shakily, correcting her. \"We are your parents, not- not creators. That is- not the right term. At all.\" \"Oh,\" Winter said. \"Who're our creators then?\" Tip choked again and looked at Oh with alarmed eyes. \"Uh, ah, Winter, we will tell you that, too, when you hit four, yes?\" She frowned but nodded slowly. \"What am I to know then?\" Justice piped up, and Tip massaged her temples. \" This is way too much work ,\" she muttered. \"What do you want to know?\" \"Uh.\" Justice cocked her head as if in deep thought, furrowing her cute little Boov eyebrows. \"Nevermind.\" Tip reached over to him and grabbed his hand in hers. Skin against skin, brown and purple, and the connection flared to life. We have to talk, inyoni. Oh swallowed and looked at the Boovlings now chatting happily among themselves. Agreed. The light in the room had an almost non-existent glow to it, dark and toned down. It was throwing shadows upon Tip's features, giving her an eerie, almost evil look. \"What are we supposed to tell them?\" she said and turned on her heel when she bumped into the wardrobe. Oh followed her movements from his place on the soft bed. \"The truth?\" he proposed. \"When they're four?\" Tip turned again, crossing her arms in thought. \"Well, maybe not everything, but- the truth would be a good start,\" Oh shrugged and closed his eyes to clear his mind. \"Tip, I cannot think when you are wearing that dress,\" he complained, rubbing his temple in a fruitless attempt at focusing. She made a choking sound that could have been a surprised noise and could have been to cover a snort. \"Sorry.\" Oh raised an eyebrow. \"You do not sound apologizing,\" he pointed out, and she made that sound again. Definitely to cover a snort, then. \"Anyways,\" she said pointedly, turning sharply and staring at him with those sparkling green eyes of hers. \"How much do we tell them?\" Oh thought about it. \"Well,\" he slowly said. \"By now Abelardo should have told the girls all he knows, and in three years they will know a lot more.\" With a heavy sigh, Tip sat down on the bed next to him. She rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. \"Then what do you propose?\" she muttered into the almost-darkness of the room. It was another one of those moments. Damn. His skin flushed pink, and in the dark room it seemed like he was glowing. \"Let them ask us,\" he answered quietly and turned his head to nuzzle her shoulder, the pink color of his skin intensifying. \"Or tell the story.\" His best friend and wife giggled lightly. \"You're adorable, Oh,\" she said and sneaked an arm around him, pulling him closer. \"I feel like we're too young to be doing this, sometimes.\" \"Doing what?\" Oh asked, alarmed. Be together? Raise the kids? Be independent? In love? He didn't want to stop with this little life they'd begun in the middle of the sky, but- but if she wanted to… he'd do it. The pink color dimmed, but Tip didn't seem to notice. \"Have kids, you know. One or two had been fine, but there's three of them and they're our responsibility.\" \"Tip, are you okay?\" Worry tainted his voice, and Tip turned bright, bright eyes towards him. \"Yeah,\" she whispered. \"I have you; everything's fine.\" And the pink color intensified again. Tip giggled, and the vibrations went through his body like electricity in water. In any other setting, it would have been sexual, but now- it was oddly comforting. \"And after all, they go to the Baking Oven now, which gives us more free time.\" Oh made a non-committing humming sound, reaching out to place a hand on her chin. When he made a move to turn her head she did so willingly, and their gazes met. Blue with specks of green. Dark green ones, lit up from the inside. And in two long seconds blue searched green, looking for the answer to a question no one had asked. Green eyes lit up with love, with adoration, affection, hope, trust and friendship, but none of these was the answer. And the blue eyes looked deeper. Happiness . Their lips met in a warm, slow, happy kiss. (YO GUYS IT'S AMEEEE, MARIO! IMPORTANT AUTHORS NOTE! Seriously though, I have a question for you. Is it okay if I write in first person, or is that a no-no? I warn you, if no one gives me an answer, I will answer it myself. It might not be the outcome you want. And hey! Do you wanna see Justice's POV, Abelardo's POV or Winter's POV first? The plan –I repeat, plan - is that Winter comes first, then Abelardo and then Justice but it depends. Plus alsoes too! It might take a while before the next chapters come up, but it will come, alright? I'm too deep into this to let it go. I've just barely begun sketching the Boovlings' lives, so please do not murder me in my sleep if the next chapter is late. Now that I think about it, don't murder me when I'm awake either. Or dozing off. Or showering. Or eating. I If you murder me there won't be any more chapters, so there's that. Review! PS: I must apologize- Oh came out very, very, very OOC. I'm sORRY! In my defense, he's, ah- hold on. The Boovlings were born in 2019, he was- sixteen at the time? Four year lat- oh. oh my. I've made him twenty fucking years old. What the fuck. I did not realize that. Lord help me. wELL- there you have it, I guess. He's twenty now, he's allowed to be more mature than he is in the movie, so please please don't kill me oh my god please don't EDIT: alright, listen up! This work will not update before: -it receives at least 50 views (we're on 20 now) - at least one review on each chapter, excluding the one that's already there, OR at least five reviews - at least two follows AND/OR two favorites Okie dokie. There you got it. So, if you review, please answer my question- 1st person view okay? Alright, I'm done, you can review now.) ","Summary":" Three Years Earlier, 24 th December \"Oh?\" The Boov Captain turned his head towards his Homo Sapie"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Looking Through Your Eyes - Quest for Camelot","Author":"goodworthfightingfor31","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13203491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LOOKING THROUGH YOUR EYES Kayley felt her cheeks burn. \"This is all your fault!\" she said, turning towards Garrett. Garret stopped marking out the track with his staff and turned towards the sound of her voice. \"My fault?\" he answered, \"How is this my fault?\" \"We would've found Excalibur by now if we hadn't stopped!\" A snap caught Garrett's attention. It had come from behind. \"Quiet!\" he demanded, but Kayley kept prattling. He tried to focus on the direction of the sound. He shifted two steps the left. He swore he heard something fall. He grunted at Kayley's incessant talking. \"Shh! Kayley, please! I need to hear—\" He cried out as searing pain ripped through his side. Grit and dust slid across his palms as he hit the ground. Blood, warm and wet, seeped into his clothes. The clatter of armor came from behind. \"Get them!\" Ruber's twisted voice demanded. Garret placed a hand to his wound, blood dripping through his fingers. He tried to rise, but the pain made it impossible. Ayden signaled, telling him to strike. Garrett swung his staff behind him, the impact of the hit vibrating down his staff. Cacaphony as they jostled each other. Suddenly, slender hands and arms lifted him up. \"Ah!\" His knees buckled and pain like lightning shot up his side. Kayley managed to sling his arm around her shoulder and steady him, taking his weight with surprising strength. Kayley glanced one last look at Ruber and his men trapped in the thorn hand of the living tree before moving as fast as she could out of the grove. Garrett's weight pressed, drawing him closer to the ground. Kayley shifted him so she had a better hold. He groaned. \"I'm sorry,\" she said, then frantically scanned the surroundings for somewhere to lay. She saw an outcrop of boulders and what looked like a cave entrance. Garrett slipped from her shoulders and sank to his knees, clutching his side. \"Garrett!\" Kayley cried, sinking to her knees next to him. Blood oozed past his fingers. Kayley tore strips from her tunic. She balled one up, and pressed it against the wound. Garrett tensed and sucked in his breath. Kayley took the other strips and bound them around his waist and knotted them. Then she knelt, and slung his arm around her shoulder again. \"Can you stand?\" she asked. Garrett's breath came in catches. \"I don't know…\" Kayley stood anyway. Her heart pricked at Garrett's pained shout. \"We have to keep going.\" She steadied herself and started walking. \"Just hold on for a little more. We'll be safe soon…I hope.\" Garrett was getting weaker. It was getting harder to hold him steady. Kayley grunted, shifted him, and slowly steadied herself as they trekked up the rocky hillside. Devon and Cornwall steadied them from behind if they teetered backwards. Ayden flew back and forth from the cave entrance to them, screeching in encouragement. Kayley looked down at Garrett's wound. The strips were almost full, but it looked like the blood flow had been staunched for now. Still, grunts of pain emanated from Garrett after each step. She could see the cave entrance, maybe another five feet up. \"Hang on, Garrett, we're almost there.\" \"It's going to rain…\" Garrett breathed. Kayley looked at the sky. It was overcast, but not dark enough to rain. \"And how do you know that?\" Cornwall voiced from behind. Garrett gave a weak chuckle. \"The air smells wet, and it's gotten cooler…and the wind's…died down…\" Kayley felt a drop on her head. Sure enough, they came faster and faster, until it fell steadily. Splat! Splat! Splat! Against the rocks. Kayley continued to move forward, but with the rocks slick with rain, the going was much slower. She grunted as Garrett's weight suddenly bore down. \"Kayley…\" he breathed. \"No!\" she grunted, heaved herself up, and forced herself to trudge forward, one step, then another. She chuckled a sigh of relief as they entered the mouth of the cave, the dripping rain spatter changing pitch from loud, constant, and hard, to a muffled softness the further in they went. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust. The cave smelled dry. Seeing a natural shelf, she dragged Garrett over and laid him down as gently as she could. He grunted with relief at the stillness. The rain has plastered his hair to his face. Droplets trickling every which way. His breathing was shallow, pain from his side spiking with each breath. Kayley turned to Devon and Cornwall. \"Is there anything in here we can use to make a fire? We need warmth.\" \"There's a bunch of twigs and stuff that were blown in here,\" Cornwall replied, \"But it would only be enough to make a small one,\" Devon finished. \"Not that we could breathe fire anyway.\" Cornwall added. \"He could die!\" Kayley snapped, her voice cracking. \"He's the only one who can get us out of here! We need him! I need him…please…\" Seeing Kayley so despondent moved the two headed dragon. They quickly gathered up the twigs and brush and made them into a pile near Garrett. As they worked they subconsciously agreed that Garrett needed their help. When Devon coughed, smoke and sparks burst from his mouth. Devon and Cornwall looked at each other, then blew, sending fire and alighting the twigs and brush. Before long the fire, small though it was, gave off enough warmth to take the chill off. Kayley waited for the found wood bowl of rain water to boil over the fire; she gingerly unknotted the strips and unbound them, carefully removing them. Garrett's body flinched and he hissed in pain, clenching his fist. Kayley swallowed the lump in her throat and examined the wound. \"It's deep,\" she said, her voice cracking. She cleared her throat. \"…and still bleeding. Bandaging it won't be enough. I'll…have to cauterize it…\" Kayley burst into tears and leaned her head on his chest. \"Garrett, don't die, please! I can't do this without you. It's my fault you're hurt. It's my fault …\" Garrett moved his hand and ran his fingers through her hair, smooth as silk. He took hold of her face and placed her forehead against his own. \"Do—what you must—\" he said between gasps. \"I'm—impressed—you—know how—\" Her breath brushed across his face as she spoke, her voice tight with tears. \"I had to help my mother do it once to one of our farm hands. He would've died if we hadn't.\" Garrett let go and sank his head back to the ground. \"I trust you.\" He took her hand. \"Just—ah—don't leave me.\" \"Never.\" Devon and Cornwall reappeared from further in the cave. \"We found an abandoned iron mine!\" Devon shouted. He held up a wooden handle with an iron rod attached. \"I think this used to be a pickaxe. Would this help?\" Kayley snatched it from Devon's claw and examined it. \"it's perfect,\" she replied. She looked at the two headed dragon. \"I need you to blow on it until the tip gets red hot. Can you sustain that?\" \"We'll do anything for you, Kayley.\" Cornwall said. The sound of water boiling drew Kayley's attention back to the fire. Carefully, she lifted the bowl off the makeshift grate, and placed it beside her. Devon and Cornwall were hard at work breathing fire on the rod. Kayley tore another strip from her tunic and soaked it in the water. Then, lifting it out, cleaned off the wound. \"Ah!\" Garrett cried. \"Warn me, would you?\" \"I'm sorry,\" Kayley said. When she had finished, she placed the rag to the side and picked up the bowl. \"The water is still hot. I'm going to pour it over your wound to clean it…\" Garrett nodded, inhaled as deeply as he could, and braced himself. He screamed as the water burned through and out the wound. He heard the bowl clatter on the stone floor. \"It's clean,\" Kayley said. Garrett felt her hand smooth the hair from his face. \"Are you okay?\" she asked. \"It…felt good…at the end.\" He responded. He listened to her chuckle. \"Kayley.\" Cornwall said. Kayley looked over and Devon and Cornwall, holding the now red-hot iron. She exhaled as she took it. Kneeling at Garrett's side, she spoke. \"I have the iron ready. It's going to be painful…\" \"Just do it,\" Garrett rasped. \"Please.\" Kayley swallowed and nodded for Devon and Cornwall to hold Garrett down. She touched the iron to the wound, unable to drown out the sizzle as she burned it closed. Garrett's agonized screams filled the cave and echoed off the walls. When it was fully closed, Kayley tossed the iron away from her and took hold of Garrett's hand. \"I'm here,\" she said, \"I'm here.\" Garrett gasped for breath, squeezed her hand, and passed out. \"Garrett? Garrett ?\" Kayley put her ear to his chest and listened. His heart still beat. She breathed a sigh of relief. She sank back on her knees, placed her head in her hands and wept. Devon and Cornwall quietly slinked back into the passage and back to the iron mine to gather all of the wood carts they found there, so the fire could keep going. Kayley wept until she had no more tears. When Devon and Cornwall were gone, she went back to the mouth of the cave, refilled the bowl with rainwater, and placed it back on the fire to warm. When it was steaming, she removed it, carefully took it over to Garrett, knelt, and placed it beside her. Dipping the last of the tunic strips into the warm water, squeezing it lightly, she cleaned his wound again, then the dirt and grime from Garrett's hands, face, and neck. When she had finished, she smoothed his hair back. She smiled. Even though he couldn't see, she remembered they were a beautiful shade of blue. She watched him closely, watching his chest rise and fall in sleep, a catch here and there from the pain. When she was certain he was deeply asleep, she leaned her head against his shoulder. \"I'm sorry for rattling on, so,\" she whispered. Tears slid down her cheeks. \"I was just worried about my mother…she's all I have left…\" a sob broke through, \"…. I wouldn't have made it this far if not for you. Please…don't leave me.\" The familiar crackle of fire and the feel of heat crawling across his skin roused Garrett back to consciousness. The hard, uneven stone beneath him pained his back. His side felt raw. He tried to shift his position, but his side screamed otherwise. He cried out. In a breath of air, Kayley was at his side, the scent of fresh-tilled soil and salt air moving from near the fire to right by his head. Her clothes rustled as she sat. He held out his hand. He felt her fingers place the back of his hand against her cheek. \"Kayley,\" he breathed. He felt her place her arm underneath him, hooking her hand beneath the pit of his arm, gripping his hand with her other. \"Let me help you up,\" she said, her voice laced with care and worry. \"You've been lying like this all day. Are you ready?\" Garrett nodded and braced himself, grunting as Kayley helped him into a sitting position. His heart lightened at the familiar flap of wings, puffs of air, and regal screech as his eyes landed on his shoulder. \"Ayden.\" Garrett smiled. His dear friend trilled as he nuzzled his neck and picked at his hair. \"Ayden's kept careful watch,\" Kayley said, \"After I cauterized the wound, he would fly back and forth from the mouth of the cave to you, checking for danger.\" Her soft hand slipped into his own. \"I was worried I might've been too late.\" He squeezed her hand in thanks and turned towards her. \"How long have we been here?\" \"Almost a whole day. You've been out for hours.\" \"Any sign of Ruber?\" \"He and his men passed by in the night, following the ogre tracks. Thankfully they missed us, but we're almost a day behind now.\" Ayden left his shoulder as Garrett shifted, pain shooting up his side. He hissed. \"We'll catch up, don't worry.\" A new scent caught his nose. \"Is that…broth?\" He gave a small smile at the surprise in her voice. \"How could you tell?\" \"It's a deeper scent, red meat; heartier. I can't remember the last time I had bone broth…\" Tilled soil and salt air became faint, her footsteps padding the stone floor as she left his side. He listened as liquid poured, then Kayley's steps scuffling slowly towards him, the scent of broth ever more pungent until it was directly beneath his nose, the wisps of steam brushing his face. He held out his hands and felt the smooth grain of the wood bowl. He brought it to his lips, blew, and took a sip, the hot liquid warm as it traveled down his throat. \"Thank you,\" he said. \"You're welcome,\" she replied. \"How did you find all of this?\" he asked, midway through. \"Devon and Cornwall found a passage that led to an abandoned iron mine deep into this mountain. They managed to find cooking pots and pans as well as plenty of wood to keep the fire going.\" Garrett chuckled in surprise. \"I thought it was unusually quiet in here. Where are they?\" \"Hunting, actually. They catch it and Ayden brings it back if it's not too large.\" \"How? They can't breathe fire or fly.\" \"Actually, they can now, they figured out the secret.\" \"Oh? What was it?\" \"They had to agree on something.\" Garrett noticed a change in her voice, a combination of gratitude and relief. \"What did they agree on?\" He listened as she cleared her throat, but when she spoke, her voice was tight and shaky, the kind that tries to hold back tears. \"That you would die if they didn't help.\" Garrett placed the bowl down next to him. He placed his hand under her chin, and drew her face up until he could feel her gazing directly at him, then he placed his hands on her face. He felt wet tears trail down her cheeks and across his wrists. Her face rested so willingly against his hands. He moved, feeling the contours of her face. Her forehead, small and smooth. The ridge of her hair, waves gliding through his fingers, down her temples to her ears, further down her cheeks, then to her chin. His fingers brushed over her lips, flower petal soft. He raised his right hand and trailed it down her nose, then brushed his thumbs across her closed eyes, his palms holding her head. His heart beating fast. \"You saved my life,\" he said, his voice huskier than he had intended. \"You knew more than I gave you credit for.\" \"But you still almost died,\" she choked. \"You were so weak, so heavy…you couldn't breathe, couldn't move…I'm no help to anyone…\" Garrett pulled her close so that their foreheads touched. \"You're wrong. Almost . Almost isn't always. Almost isn't final. You knew enough; and I will forever be grateful for that almost .\" He leaned in until his lips brushed hers. Her breath still shook. He brushed his lips against hers again, lingering on their softness. Then he pressed his to hers, and she returned the gesture, but pulled away when pain shot up his side and he cried out. Garrett mentally kicked himself for moving too quickly. He felt his face grow hot with embarrassment. \"You should lie down,\" Kayley said, her voice further from his side, but still close. \"I'm fine\" Garrett returned, embarrassed. \"You can't make a sudden movement without being in pain. Lie down.\" Kayley demanded. Garrett obeyed and gingerly sank down to the smooth stone floor. He admitted to himself that it felt good to be lying down again. Sitting up had drained his energy more than he'd let on. Then again, Kayley wasn't always gentle in her movements. He breathed as evenly as he could, letting the crackle of the fire and the warmth of the evening sun lull him to deep sleep. Garrett awoke to the light warmth of sunrise across his face and the twitter of birds. He moved slowly, taking each shift of his body one at a time until he had positioned himself on his hands and knees. He moved his right hand straight out in front of him. Nothing. He moved it to the left. Within seconds, his fingertips, and then his hand touched the wall of the cave, pitted, jagged, uneven. He paused and listened to his surroundings. The fire had been banked, light crackles interspersed with the soft whoosh of burning embers, the heat just noticeable. Kayley slept feet from him, her breathing soft and even with sleep. Devon and Cornwall snored away off at the other end of the cave. Slowly, Garrett placed one foot solidly on the ground, and using the wall as a guide, pushed himself up. He groaned as his side shrieked, making him fall back to one knee. He breathed in and out, grit his teeth, braced himself, and tried again. His side still screamed, but he made it to his feet. He leaned his back against the wall and put a hand to his side. It was tender to the touch. He was relieved to be up off the ground, but the act of moving was going to be a problem, let alone engaging in a fight. He leaned his head against the wall and exhaled. \"How am I going to do this?\" he said to himself. The familiar flap of Ayden's wings crescendo-ed from the cave entrance to directly in front of him. Garrett held out his arm and waited as the weight of his friend settled. \"I need to know how much I can handle,\" he said to him, \"Where's my staff?\" His arm bounced as Ayden left his arm. Garrett listened as Ayden fluttered to left, towards the entrance, then trilled closer to the ground roughly three feet away. Garrett turned his body and took two steps forward, but stopped when Ayden screeched twice, his warning for a cliff or ledge. Garrett slid his foot out. Sure enough, his toe touched the edge. He inched forward until his foot was back on solid ground, then continued walking straight until Ayden chirruped, directly below him. Garrett knelt down and felt the ground. When his fingers brushed the staff, he grabbed hold and used it to push himself upright once more. The smooth wood felt familiar, safe. Sweeping it back and forth in an arc in front of him, he made his way out of the cave. Kayley awoke to warm sunlight in her eyes. Rubbing them, she rolled over and pushed herself up. Her eyes snapped open and fear shot through her heart as she realized Garrett was no longer in the cave. \"Garrett?\" she voiced. She looked in every direction as she stood up. There was no sign of him. \" Garrett ?\" She called again. She turned towards the entrance, the only way in or out. He must've gone out, she thought. Kayley walked out into the morning sun, squinting as her eyes adjusted to the light. She stopped a few feet out, scanning the rocks and scrub around her. She still didn't see him. She cupped her hands to her mouth and yelled. \"Garrett! Garrett, where are you?\" \"I'm down here!\" she heard him call. His voice was distant, but not faint. It came from the right, towards a stubby grove of windswept trees. Carefully placing her feet, Kayley made her way towards it. Kayley placed her steps with caution, making sure her feet didn't cause any rock falls. As the grove got closer, a light bubbling sound caught her ear. Is that water? She thought. Seeing a gap in the trees, she pushed her way through, coming out onto a sandy, pebble-strewn river bank. She looked in amazement at the crystalline water as it gurgled its way down from high above them, past her feet, and on down the slope to wherever it chose to end. \"I'm over here,\" she heard Garrett say. She turned and saw him sitting on a large rock on the bank, shirtless, tearing and crushing a small bunch of leaves in his hands. She walked towards him. \"Do you have any idea how frightening it is to wake up and find the injured person in your party missing without any idea where they went?\" she ranted, \"You scared me half to death!\" \"Good Morning to you, too,\" Garrett replied. He continued to tear and crush the leaves. \"I'm sorry I frightened you. I needed a bath and to test my limits.\" \"'Test your limits?' Ruber nearly killed you the day before yesterday!\" Kayley yelled, \"Your wound has barely healed and you want—\" she stopped and watched as Garrett put the leaves in his mouth, chewed them up, then spit them back into his hand. Kayley made a face. \"Ugh!\" she continued, \"What are you doing?\" Garrett stood and smeared the mixture onto his side. He tensed and grunted with effort. \"Poultice,\" he said, \"It stings right now, but it'll ease the pain.\" Kayley watched him grab his tunic from the ground next to him and gingerly put it on, then grab his staff from its place leaned against the rock, and, sweeping it back and forth, moved his way towards her. \"It's still early morning, we'd better get going if we want to find Excalibur before Ruber does.\" He said. Kayley trailed behind him, bewildered. \"Are you sure you're up for it?\" \"We're a day behind,\" he replied, \"You said so yourself.\" Kayley tripped over a rock but caught herself. \"I'm not talking about us, I'm talking about you—\" \"I don't have a choice!\" Garrett snapped as he turned on her. \"If we don't leave now, we'll never catch up, Ruber will get the sword and Camelot will be lost.\" \"…but you're in pain.\" Kayley finished. Garrett swallowed the tightness rising in his throat. \"That's not new for me.\" He turned around and kept walking. \"Come, on. We'd better hurry.\" Garrett exhaled and leaned against the tree, the roughened and knurly bark sharp against his fingertips and the back of his head. Kayley's scent lingered just to the side of him. Devon and Cornwall crashed through the underbrush behind her, and Ayden had rested on a nearby branch, the familiar rustle of his wings folding. \"What?\" he grumbled. Kayley's stare was all too familiar. He listened to her shift her feet, the pine needles cracking soft under her weight. \"I think you need to rest,\" she said, \"you're exhausted.\" \"No,\" he replied, pushing himself upright, leaning on his staff for balance. \"It's only midday, and we've got a long way to go.\" He walked forward, the underbrush crackling and rustling beneath his boots. Kayley's smaller footsteps crunched around him and stopped directly in front of him. \"You're pushing yourself too hard,\" she said. He pushed past her, resentment flaring. \"I know exactly how hard to push myself. I don't need your help, Kayley!\" \"You wouldn't be walking if I hadn't cauterized your wound!\" Garrett turned his head back towards her. \"It's because of you I almost died in the first place!\" \"Garrett, watch out-!\" He heard Ayden's signal too late. His foot nicked a raised tree root, knocking him off balance. His staff missed the ground, and he fell, hands and knees impacting the graveled soil. He grunted in frustration. Memories of waves of laughter washing over him. Kayley ran to his side and knelt next to him. He jerked away at her touch. \"I can get up myself,\" he said. Shame burned his cheeks as his voice cracked. He felt for his staff. When he had it in hand, he tried to push himself up, but the wound in his side kept him on his knees. \"I'm not helpless.\" he croaked. \"I never said you were,\" Kayley replied. \"But you're acting like it.\" He returned, swallowing the tightness in his throat. He heard her sigh. \"I'm sorry,\" she said, \"That wasn't my intention, but you've been wounded—\" \"That's exactly my point!\" he yelled, pushing himself to his feet, ignoring the pain in his side. \"Just because I've been injured doesn't mean I can't do anything for myself! How do you think I survived eight years out here alone? I survived because I didn't need anyone, relied on no one but myself and Ayden.\" \"There's no shame is asking for help, Garret. Especially when you need it.\" Garrett turned his head away as his face burned. \"Try telling the people of Camelot that.\" \"What do you mean? What happened?\" He gave a wry chuckle. \"Nothing I hadn't gone through before. After I lost my sight, ridicule was a constant. Only this time…(sigh). Having stuff thrown at me wasn't new, and neither was people jeering at me. \"Ha, ha, look at the funny blind boy trying to get around.\" I had been walking through the square when someone kicked my staff from my hand. I'd heard it clatter not too far from me, but when I got on my hands and knees and felt for it, someone rolled it just out of my reach. I asked for help from the crowd, but no one helped me. They just stood there and laughed until I found it.\" \"That's cruel.\" \"That's people.\" \"Garrett, not everyone's like that.\" Enraged, he leaned towards her, listening to her take a step backwards. \"Tell me that again when you have no sight and can't see anything but blackness! Tell me that when you've been hit in the head with everything from rocks to manure!\" Tears squeezed their way out, hot lines down his face. \"Tell me that when you've worked hard all day only to have others wreck your work seconds before you finish! Tell me that when you're cold, tired, and hungry and every door is shut and locked only to your face.\" He turned, wiped his eyes across his arm and walked away. \"You know nothing .\" Ayden screeched and flapped in front of him, scolding him. Garret waved his hand. \"Not now, Ayden.\" Kayley watched Garrett move through the aims of the Bulbous Punch Plants, his staff thwacking their orange heads seconds after Ayden's signal to evade. Hold your ground until the last possible moment… Suddenly, a Punch Plant clipped Garrett along his head. He staggered backwards. He managed to block two more strikes, but not before three more Plants struck him, the last one in the side. Her heart twisted as she watched him crumple to the ground. In frustration, Garrett chucked his staff. He rolled into a sitting position and, defeated, sank his head in his arms. Kayley walked as quietly as she could down the hill, to the tall grass clearing where Garrett had thrown his staff and picked it up. She tried to wait until he was more composed, but he called out to her instead. \"I know you're there, Kayley. Just come forward.\" She did as he said, the long waves of grass brushing her elbows. \"Do I have a particular scent?\" she asked, kneeling in front of him. Garrett smiled. \"You do.\" \"May I ask what it is?\" \"Tilled earth, sand, and salt. The combination I've never smelt before.\" \"You'll have to come to my house then. My father's farm is by the sea. I grew up with the scent of salt water and sand.\" She touched the head of his staff to his hand, and he took it. \"Thank you.\" \"You're welcome.\" \"I'm sorry for being so despondent. I haven't trusted anyone in a long time, and…having to trust you because I'm hurt, well…I haven't felt like this in a long time and…I'm sorry I yelled at you. I was wrong.\" \"No, you were right. I don't understand what you've been through. To be honest, I can barely imagine what you've had to endure, but it shed light on why you've been so intent on doing everything alone.\" She leaned forward and touched his hand. \"You're not weak, Garrett. You're the strongest man I know, next to my father, Sir Lionel.\" Garrett's head shot up. \"Sir Lionel was your father?\" \"Yes…wait, did you know him?\" \"He was the only one who believed in me, in my dream of becoming a knight, after this.\" Garrett passed his hand in front of his face. \"When he died…any hope I had left crumbled; and after two years of trying to become a squire with the result of ridicule, well…it was just better to be alone.\" \"I understand. I didn't think I'd ever become a knight either, but he always taught me never to give up. After all, a knight's strength comes from his heart.\" Kayley placed her hand on Garrett's heart. \"You have that strength, and you fight as well as any knight.\" \"Except when I don't.\" \"Even knights get injured. Even knights fall.\" She took his hands in hers. \"If there's one thing I've seen you do, it's get back up. More importantly, that being blind doesn't matter.\" Garrett scoffed. \"It matters now.\" \"Why?\" \"Yes, I can fight; with Ayden's help. I don't mind that, but multiple assailants…\" \"You fought Ruber's creatures just fine when we met.\" \"Because I heard two distinct voices. Two . And Ayden told me how many there were. One-on-one I can handle, two I can handle, three is tougher, but I can still do it. But more than that? You saw what happened. If by some miracle I do become a knight and Arthur has to go to war, how am I supposed to handle that? Yes, I'd have Ayden, but someone could shoot him down. Do you have any idea how cacophonous just a crowded market square is? Trying to distinguish where a sound is coming from, judging distance, how hard that is to do? Battle would be twice that, if not ten times. I've…never had to think about that before. Most of my \"battles\" are one-on-one…\" \"To be honest, I thought testing yourself against five of those plants at once seemed a bit much. You're fresh off an injury. By that fact alone you have to handle fewer assailants. As for being knighted, well, we have to save the day first; and I can't get out of this forest without you, or defeat Ruber.\" She stood up, keeping hold of his hand. \"I can't stand alone this time. I need a knight's help.\" Garrett smiled. \"All right.\" Kayley pulled him up. Garrett sucked in a breath and put a hand to his side. \"But you have to promise not to give me anymore trouble. I'd rather not get injured again.\" ","Summary":" LOOKING THROUGH YOUR EYES Kayley felt her cheeks burn. \"This is all your fault!\" she said, turnin"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Bladebeak Invents the Chili Dog","Author":"albinotanuki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12999335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bladebeak was bored, but mostly, he was hungry. Ever since his wife left him, all he could think of was what to fill his stomach with. He couldn't just have any ordinary meal; he needed something special. He went to the pantry where he found some bread, sausage, beans, an onion, spices from the orient, and some sort of mystery meat. Bladebeak wondered \"Could I make something out of all these ingredients?\" He gathered all the ingredients in his wings. He first started soaking and straining the beans before putting them into a pot to boil. He then started rubbing the mystery meat with the spices, cutting it with his axe beak, and placed the chunks into a skillet along with the sausage. He diced the onion with his beak. When the beans were soft, he strained them. After the meat and sausage were done, Bladebeak placed the meat, beans, and onion into a bowl and mixed them together. He took the loaf of bread he found, made a slit in the middle, placed the sausage inside the slit, and topped it off with the bean and meat mixture. Bladebeak took a bite of the concoction. It was delicious. He wondered what he could call the new dish. The sausage for some reason reminded him of a dog, so 'something dog' would be a good name for it. It was also spicy. Maybe 'the spicy dog'? No. That seemed too cliche. He started wondering what sorts of spices were out there in other countries. The Americas had yet to be discovered, so he had no idea. Perhaps other places in the world had spices that were cold. Maybe 'the cold dog'? No. How about 'the chilly dog'; maybe spelt with an 'i' at the end and one \"l\". No, cold spices on hot food sounded stupid. Oh well, chili dog would have to do. ","Summary":" Bladebeak was bored, but mostly, he was hungry. Ever since his wife left him, all he could think of"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Feelings","Author":"LoverofHotChocolate1779","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12789163","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wasn't sure what was happening to me. I was minding my own business whenever this woman dropped, literally, into my life. However, as time wore on, I found myself being mysteriously drawn to her. I am still not sure if she realizes what she does to me. She is gravity, holding me here. She is the ground, stable for my feet. She is like the ocean, deeper than you can fathom. She is Kayley, my soulmate. ","Summary":" I wasn't sure what was happening to me. I was minding my own business whenever this woman dropped, "},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"First and Last","Author":"LoverofHotChocolate1779","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12789941","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~Wedding Day~ It was our first kiss. I felt an energy rush through my body; it was something completely different than any other sensation I've ever experienced. As our lips touched, his hands made their way up to my hair. Each second longer causing a passionate fire to erupt in my soul. This was worth the wait, this was worth the sacrifice. All of my dreams, hopes, and fears culminating now in this scene. I loved him...more than myself...more than anyone. Nothing, but death could separate us. ~Ten Years Later~ It was a grave day. I wasn't sure whether to rejoice or weep. Life is a poem. It has it's own rhymes, timing, intricacies, and symbols. I felt the highest elation of joy and pride as I held my son in my arms. The labor was strenuous and painful. More than I imagined it would be. Yet, the fruit of my labor and pain was the greatest reward. On the same day that my husband and I celebrated my son's birth, I received news that my mother perished. She was leaving a few nights previous to come for her grandchild's birth, but fell ill with fever. It was too much...the fever claimed her life. But, as life was taken...life was given. Her space in the world was empty. Now, our son shall fill it. His name shall carry her legacy. His name is Julien. I thought of naming him after his grandfather, but my mother showed strength that rivaled even his. The next son I bore received his name, for his legacy shall be continued as well. ~Thirty Years Later~ Julien and Lionel II are Knights of the Round Table. Julien is married with two sons and a beautiful, infant daughter. Lionel is betrothed to the daughter of Garrett's best friend. Our lives are joyous, and our future is bright. ~Fifty Years Later~ It was our last kiss. He passed the night before as he held my hand. Now, though my heart is heavy for my loss, I rejoice for my husband's eyes are open. After fifty years of marriage, serving our good king, raising our children, and seeing our grandchildren, my soul is at rest. He had faithfully served not only King Arthur, but also the King of Heaven. He now sees his Lord face to face. I pray in God's timing, that I may be reunited with him, so that he can see my face. That will be another first. ","Summary":" ~Wedding Day~ It was our first kiss. I felt an energy rush through my body; it was something comple"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Blunt Honesty","Author":"albinotanuki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12997144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The knights of the round table had gathered around after a large battle. King Arthur praised his fellow knights for their accomplishments. \"Are we not going to address the elephant in the room?\" asked Sir Blunt. \"What elephant?\" asked King Arthur. \"Lady Kayley.\" \"What did I do?\" asked Kayley. \"It's what you didn't do that's the problem.\" said Sir Blunt, \"You constantly keep getting yourself kidnapped or in other sorts of trouble because you're terrible at fighting.\" \"Sir Blunt, are you saying Lady Kayley isn't a good knight because she's a woman?\" asked King Arthur. \"No, I'm saying she's not a good night because she's terrible at her job.\" said Sir Blunt, \"Plus, she constantly has to be rescued by Sir Garrett, which, should I remind you, is blind; I can only imagine the stress she's placed on him.\" \"Well she did save me once in the Forbidden Forest.\" said Garrett. \"Once? How many times has she saved you afterwards?\" Garrett remained silent. \"I didn't think so.\" \"I try my best.\" said Kayley. \"Well your best isn't good enough.\" said Sir Blunt, \"You got yourself bested by a squirrel today.\" \"Hey, squirrels can be a lot of trouble!\" said King Arthur, \"I know from experience.\" \"Look, I'm just saying maybe we should give our future knights a trial before knighting them.\" said Sir Blunt, \"Just because she returned Excalibur to you it doesn't automatically mean she'd be good knight material.\" \"Sir Blunt, I appreciate your honesty, but maybe you're being a little harsh?\" said King Arthur. \"Harsh? I'll tell you what's harsh: the fact that Excalibur magically healed your arm and turn an army of mechanical beasts back to human yet did nothing for Sir Garrett's blindness. I say that sword is rather discriminatory.\" \"Okay Sir Blunt, I think you need a break from sitting at the round table.\" said King Arthur. \"Fine.\" said Sir Blunt, \"I'd rather have that annoying two-headed dragon sit at the round table; at least that thing can breathe fire and fly.\" ","Summary":" The knights of the round table had gathered around after a large battle. King Arthur praised his fe"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Kayley and Garrett: A Haiku","Author":"SparkleEyes18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12589624","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Quest for Camelot. That belongs to Warner Bros. *I am writing this little haiku based on the scene when Garrett goes back into the Forbidden Forest because he thinks he should not be in Camelot. Why? Because Haikus are awesome* Kayley and Garrett : A Haiku To me you belong. If they say \"nay\" walk away. I will go with you. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Quest for Camelot. That belongs to Warner Bros. *I am writing this little h"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Love Took Me By Surprise","Author":"SparkleEyes18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12155158","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot. Note: For my story (now, Save Aleu), Flautist4ever mentioned the question of if Kayley and Garrett become \"immortals\" because of it being a modern-day AU. So I thought that I might try out that idea, because let's face it. Being immortal is pretty cool. Hope you enjoy it…it's really getting good! Chapter One: We Were Meant To Be May 1262 \"Bellanoir Jameleu!\" called a voice, firmly with little no hope to forgive anyone anytime soon. No matter what or who they are. A seemingly young girl stepped forth on the in front of a man who looked no older that her. Every bone in her body trembled as she opened her mouth to hear him speak. From what she is able to recall she was never referred to as \"Bellanoir Jameleu\" in her whole life, usually just \"Bella\" and maybe the occasional \"Bellanoir\" in more formal settings. But she was never called by her first and surname at the same time. All she knew is that something was truly wrong, or her father, James the Power, leader of the ancient Buhnamavé tribe, would have never called her before him. She must be careful what she shares. For even though he is her father, he holds onto everything anyone tells him. That's why his head was so big. He's ruled the clan since before Bellanoir could even remember. He's been here from the very start. Or so they say, but sure enough, Bellanoir would believe it. And as far as the expectation of being his own flesh and blood, would sway him to leniency. He was the father of nearly half the tribe and would never give the benefit of the doubt to any one of them. No matter what. When speaking to James the Power one must always bow and must never speak before James had spoken first and addressed them by their name. Bellanoir followed the orders and bowed before him. When she had risen, he smiled. The smile warmed Bellanoir and encouraged her to speak, but she held her tongue. Remember the rules, never speak to James the Power unless he had spoke to you first. \"How is Kirby, Bella?\" James asked her, in a mellifluous voice which was uncommon for his character and overall persona, he was usually boorish and ill-mannered. People say he used to be so different, but Bellanoir just took it as a mysterious legend that does not ring true at all. A story about how he used to be kind, but love made him cold and now he was a bitter stoic. But today, she was certain that that legend was true. She felt a weight lifted off her shoulders. She cared very deeply for her cherished Kirby and in fact she had some amazing news for him, but it would not hurt to tell her father first. She assumed that he'd be pleased to hear the wonderful news. \"Kirby is doing quite well actually. Thank for asking about him, kind father.\" Bellanoir got nervous and whispered the last part so silently that no one could hear. \"he'll be a father soon\". It was true that after almost nineteen years together, Bellanoir and Kirby were going to have a family of their very own. Bellanoir found out three days ago, before she just assumed that she had been putting on weight. She had not told Kirby yet, but she was too excited for him to find out and hug her, cry into her golden blonde tresses and then talk about his new son (because she knew he'd want a son) and how he would be strong, brave, intelligent, wise, chivalrous and everything like his father. \"That's nice.\" James said, \"because it has come to our attention that KIRBY IS AN OUTSIDER!\" His voice roared loudly and shards of glass broke from miles away. Ah yes, James was right…and back. Kirby was a stableman from a nearby town. He met Bellanoir and they fell in love. However, Kirby was not part of the Buhnamavé people, he was bound by the laws of time, he will grow. And he was growing. While the 118-year-old Bellanoir remained a youthful 25-year-old. Kirby had gone from 27 years to almost 47 in what seemed like overnight for the Buhnamavé. \"I'm sorry, father!\" Bellanoir cried, falling to the floor with her hands cupped and her head in her arms as she sobbed. Her golden locks were everywhere and her face was practically invisible. Her thoughts began to race and she could not get the words just right. She tried to remember what won her over with Kirby when she looked into his beautiful emerald eyes. \"I couldn't help it. He saw me and he smiled…his eyes…I…I…I.\" \"Don't waste your breath!\" James continued, \"We have sent Kirby on a trip, far, far away. He'll never tell our secrets.\" Bellanoir almost cried louder, but she knew that she must not waste any time. If she ever wanted to see her Kirby again. If she wanted to tell Kirby the news, she must go to the nearest place where he could be. She leaped to her feet and ran all the way to the shoreline, because she's seen people get banished before and you could always find them boarding a boat by the shore. When she got there, she did not see Kirby, but she saw a boat. It was little wooden row boat with two paddles on each side. It was a sign, that her and Kirby were meant to be together. She quickly got in and began to row. She rowed and rowed and rowed, no matter what happened. Even when the weather was concerning to say the very least. Even when she was tired. She did not stop. What about the embryo's well-being? All she told herself that the embryo needed a father. And she must reach Kirby and tell him the news. It would be so worth it if Kirby swooped her up and kissed her when he heard the news. Bellanoir finally reached land after almost 28 weeks of being at sea! It was a miracle! She was exhausted and she did not quite know where she was, but she continued to look for Kirby. He had to be here. She just knew it. He'd be waiting for her, he'd tell her how surprised he is to see her, but Bellanoir would know that he'd just talking, saying what he had to say. She'd tell him about the baby and the months spent trying to sail the oceans to find him. and they would live happily ever after. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot. Note: For my story (now, Save Aleu), Flautist4ever ment"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Only Few Will Know","Author":"SparkleEyes18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12022432","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot. Note: I don't usually write stories based on the movie itself. But I thought that I might try it. This is a poem I wrote about Garrett and his life before he left Camelot. So, um, yeah. Hope you like it. :) 3 Only Few Will Know He was born on a cold winter day. It was night, actually they say that his eyes were a deep jade colour. It was night. It was cold. Snowflakes were falling out of the window as everyone rushed to keep the newborn baby safe and warm. He grew. Slowly but surely grew. Dreams. Dreams grew. Nobility became his goal. The dream. The infinite possibilities. Employment begun. Working. Still dreaming. Still waiting. Awaiting. Working. Home life. Eat, sleep, work, repeat. Repeat. Love thy animals. Love thy family. Eat, sleep, work, repeat. Repeat. That night. Flames of death and darkness. Be noble. Noble knights help others before thyself. Save the weak. It would be okay. You'll have a family to come home to. If you can find them now. You have no family to come home to. It will not be okay. You are the weak. Noble knights are not blind. You can't be noble. Darkness resembles flames and death of hope. That one night. Mistales repeat. Eat, sleep, practice, repeat. Love thy mentor. Love thy faults. Heartache repeats. Eat, sleep, practice, repeat. Round table meeting today. Practice. Waiting. Joy. Dreams growing. Happiness. The meeting begun. Only few knows what happens there. One day he will know all the secrets. One day. Sounds of sorrow says so much. Dreams shrink. Heart broke in two. Rain poured like crazy and no one rushed to save the poor young lad. It was cold. It was daytime. It was daytime, they said his eyes were milky white. He left Camelot on a cool spring day. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot. Note: I don't usually write stories based on the movie "},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Daybreak","Author":"SparkleEyes18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11978844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot. Note: This is actually my first time writing a poem for this site! I write a lot of poetry and I really enjoy writing poetry as well as stories, but I mostly write poetry. Hope you all enjoy it. Daybreak She'd never forget the time. As tired as she might very well be. As much as her back hurt and her heart felt the same. They still talked until day break. They talked until her eyes could barely stay open. She let go. She couldn't hold on any longer. Even if she tried to stay awake. She couldn't. At daybreak. Her eyes, weary as they may be, closed finally. She whispered love you forever . She always. She knew one thing as she fell asleep. She'd never forget the time. No matter how many years go by. No matter how memories witness her eyes. She will always remember that one time. One out of many. The one time. The time that they talked. Until daybreak. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot. Note: This is actually my first time writing a poem for"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"The Journey After","Author":"snowbeam12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12145698","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello again everyone. Yes, I know this is the fourth story I have started and in the third category but I just love to write. This is just a little one shot that I wrote when i was bored. I just don't see so many stories out there on fanfiction about this one and it just happens to be one of my favorite movies growing up. I really hope you like it. As you all know I do not own quest for Camelot even though it is an amazing and funny musical. Enjoy. Oh and remember to leave me a review on what you think. Remember I do read all of them. The Journey After Kaylee and Garrett walked the old, underground caves to get into the room of the round table. Kaylee tried her hardest to stay quiet as she held Garrett's hand as he carefully led her along the dark maze. They could hear noises not too far ahead that sounded like fighting. Kaylee and Garrett carefully pushed the stone slate aside and peaked up through the floor right as Ruber swung Excalibur at King Arthur. Kaylee dug her small hands into fists and quickly looked around. Garrett was working on getting up from the floor when he felt Kaylee brush past him. He quickly tried to grasp where he thought her hand was. \"Kaylee no!\" he whispered in a hushed tone. Kaylee only ignored him and began to climb the latter that led to some beams that were set up to fix where the room had been damaged. Rupert was too busy trying to kill Arthur he didn't notice her as she climbed up. \"Hey Ruber!\" Kaylee yelled, catching his attention. He spun around, glaring at her. \"I won't serve a false king!\" she yelled, standing tall. He growled and went to move right as she pushed the beam. It swung back and threw them both through the tall stain glass window. Ruber hit the ground first, lying on his stomach. Kaylee quickly landed on top of him and rolled. She groaned and she slowly stumbled to her feet. She shook her head trying to clear the ringing that had settled in. She quickly looked at him as he dug his sword hand into the stone ground and began to stand up. As she quickly gazed around looking for something to come up with a plan her eyes rested on the stone in which Excalibur had been embedded in for so long. As he slowly began to walk towards her she began to take small steps backwards. She pressed close to a rock formation as he got closer and closer. She cried out, quickly ducking when he swung the sword around, narrowly missing her head. Garrett slowly came up behind Ruber and raised his wooden staff. Just as he moved to strike Ruber down he came around and sliced the stick in two. Garrett quickly started to feel around for it panicked. He grunted in pain as Ruber threw him. He felt Kaylee carefully help him to his feet. \"Hold your ground until the last possible moment.\" She whispered as she helped him to his feet. \"yes and you give the signal.\" He quickly whispered in reply. Ruber stood behind them slowly raising the sword to strike them both down. \"Two for the price of one. This must be my lucky day!\" Ruber sneered with a grin on his face. Kaylee only frowned as she watched him get closer and closer. \"Now!\" she cried, giving Garrett a push. They both fell in the opposite direction right as Ruber dove towards them. His eyes grew wide as the sword was embedded into the magical stone from which only the rightful king could pull it. Kaylee could only watch wide eyed as Ruber was slowly destroyed by the magic. As the darkness faded Kaylee slowly struggled to her feet. She quickly ran over to Garrett, hugging him tight. He quickly wrapped his arms around her happily smiling. He heard the familiar noise of Ayden as the small silver winged falcon landed on his shoulder. He felt Kaylee move in his arms and he let his hands rest on her hips. He heard the sound of a sword being pulled and guessed King Arthur had pulled Excalibur from the stone once again. He heard a slight cheer from Kaylee before he realized something was wrong. She hadn't really said much and from her posture she seemed to be thinking something. \"is everything all right?\" he whispered in her ear. His sightless blue eyes watched her worried. She only got this quiet if there was something bothering her. He felt her shake her head and let the matter drop. Just as the two heroes went to follow their king inside Garrett felt a wave of dizziness overcome him. He knelt to the ground rubbing his head, hoping it would go away as quickly as it came. Kaylee called for Merlin in hopes that he would be able to help. As the old wizard walked over to them he didn't seem nearly as worried as Kaylee was. Kaylee looked up at him as he placed a hand on her shoulder. She went to ask him to help again when Garrett seemed to relax. She had moved to help him up when she heard him gasp. She looked at him again and saw he was giving her a look of pure amazement. \"W-what?\" she asked confused. He slowly placed his large hands on both of her cheeks. He seemed to be taking in everything about her. \"Garrett are you ok? It's still me.\" She muttered softly, confused. \"You have tears in your brown eyes.\" He whispered as he brushed them away. She went to reply when she froze. She looked at him amazed. Never once in their last few days together had she told him what color her eyes were. She stared into his blue eyes amazed. \"You can see?\" she gasped. He smiled and quickly nodded. She cried out and hugged him tight. He laughed, falling back, holding her tight in his arms. He went to say something when she kissed him with all her might. Arthur and Merlin smiled before they walked back inside to give the young couple a moment. \"But I don't understand. How?\" Kaylee whispered, looking up at him. \"I don't know. The stone? Magic? Maybe even love?\" he whispered as he held her close against him. He rested his forehead against hers gently. \"Honestly I don't care. I just care about being with you. I don't need my sight to know that I love you Kaylee.\" He whispered. He gently kissed her again, smiling. Well there is that story. I hope you liked it and I enjoyed writing it. Remember to leave me a review on what you think. And check out my other stories as well while you're at it. Until next time! :D ","Summary":" Hello again everyone. Yes, I know this is the fourth story I have started and in the third category"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"What Could Have Been","Author":"Rora Plath","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11264113","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a mini-series of stories based around the characters of Carrie White and Tommy Ross from Stephen King's Carrie and the 2013 movie adaptation. I do not own any of these characters and I am just writing these for fun! Suggestions are always encourages! SURPRISE Carrie had decided to walk home from school today. It was a beautiful spring day she didn't want to waste. Her mind wondered as she paced the sidewalk, ignoring the other kids walking home, making sure not to run into anyone on a bike or a skateboard. Her hands rested on the straps of her backpack, her hair blowing behind her shoulders due to the light breeze in the air. Today was gorgeous. Mama wouldn't be home until late tonight; she had to close the shop on Thursdays. Because of that, Carrie kept her pace slow, enjoying the breeze and beautiful blue sky. Once she hit the street her house rested on, her mind focused, trying to decide which work she would begin when she got home, or if she would ignore it all together and sneak a peek at one of the magazines she'd stolen from the school library. (She'd return it after the weekend.) But her mind was brought fully back to the reality in front of her when a familiar blue jeep was spotted parked across from her house. Her pace slowed to a stop and eyes glanced around. For a moment she expected to see Sue or Chris snickering behind a tree. Another image of a group of lacrosse players jumping out and throwing water balloons (or tampons….) at her. The young blonde would not put it past her classmates to bring their cruel jokes to her own house. As Carrie drew closer to her house, her breath caught in her throat. Tommy Ross was sitting outside her house with a flower twisting between his hands. A moment later, dark eyes fell on hers and a smile bloomed on his face. Carrie slowly walked up to him, already feeling a dark pink blush form across her cheeks. A curse entered her mind. \"What are you doing here?\" She said, trying her best to sound stern despite the blush on her cheeks and the inability to crush the smile on her face. \"Just wanted to say hi.\" He said with a smile before he offered out the white carnation flower. \"Hi!\" \"Hi.\" He was adorable, and Carrie couldn't help but allow her blush to deepen as she took the flower. She brought it to her nose and inhaled. \"Thank you.\" There was a pause, the two of them just staring at each other. \"But you can't be here.\" Even though mama wouldn't be home for nearly two hours, Carrie's anxiety feared the woman would return home early at any minute. Seeing a boy at their house handing Carrie a flower might kill the woman. Or worse, send Carrie to her closet where she wouldn't be allowed out for a whole week! Tommy made no motion to move, he just smiled. \"Now, I must ask you something.\" Knots were in her stomach almost instantly. \"Would you accompany me to the Caviler – right now?\" Green eyes widened, more than shocked by this request. Tommy Ross had only said a handful of words to Carrie in his life – why would he be asking her out now? It was so out of the blue, the butterflies in her stomach turned toxic. She instantly offered out the flower back to him and took a step away. Hurt etched across his features for a moment; he made no motion to take the flower back, \"This isn't funny.\" Her voice was actually stern this time, laced with a layer of ice. \"You're tricking me. Why else would you actually be here.\" Then she was glancing around, green eyes narrowed. They were searching for a head of blonde and brunette, the girls he normally hung around with. The girls that would pull such a trick on her. \"I – I just thought you were better than this.\" More hurt crossed his features, Carrie thought that would make him leave or admit that truth while Sue and Chris emerged from their hiding places. Instead, he took a step forward, eyes locked on hers. \"I'm not tricking you.\" His hands suddenly were up in defense. \"I promise.\" This did nothing to lesson her fear. He could see she didn't believe him because he then said, \"I am better than that, Carrie.\" He paused, a nervousness replacing the hurt from his face. Eyes faltered as a slight laugh passed his lips. \"But I have been a real ass, haven't I?\" Carrie said nothing. \"It kind of hit me, okay? Seeing that video of you the other day.\" Carrie instantly tensed, her own eyes falling to the ground. \"That wasn't funny. I thought it was horrible. What they did to you, how they handled it… I just …\" He trailed off, and was silent for a moment before he said her name, causing their eyes to meet again. \"I'm sorry.\" All her fear melted away as she heard his words and looked into her eyes. Tommy Ross was here on his own, Sue and Chris were nowhere to be found waiting to laugh at her. Carrie lifted the flower back up to her nose and smiled at the tall boy before her. \"Thank you. That – that means a lot.\" Soon, a sigh was passing her lips because this wouldn't last. Carrie wasn't a fool. \"You don't want to be seen with me, Tommy.\" \"Who says?\" \"Didn't you see the lockers…? Carrie White eats shit.\" The words leave her voice weak and her voice breaks at the end. Oh how she wants nothing more than to be free of high school and the heavy despair that resides on her heart. Mama always talked about hell; the woman was unaware Carrie visited it every day and faced the Devil named Chris. \"Fuck whoever wrote that!\" He blurts at a volume that startles Carrie. \"I'm not going to let them decide who I can and cannot hang out with.\" \"They might try to kill you.\" This was said as a half-joke. \"You don't have to do this, Tommy.\" \"I don't have to. I want to.\" - THE END[Chapter 2] EACH OTHER'S SECRET They were each other's secret. Carrie White stood behind the bleachers, it was almost four o'clock and time was ticking. She knew he would be late, he almost always was. But, if he wanted to see her at all today, he was going to have to hurry his ass up, he knew she was risking a lot by not returning home right after school. \"Where are you, Tommy?\" Carrie muttered allowed, turning around just in time to see him coming toward her from the opposite direction he normally did. \"You're late!\" He beamed, saying nothing as he approached her, wrapping his large arms around her and picking her up. Her face, which has been stern when she spoke, melted into a wide smile. He planted a kiss on her lips before setting her back down on her feet. \"Sorry, they guys are getting suspicious. I don't need any of them following me.\" The two of them had been 'dating' for the last three months. Going on dates out of town, meeting after school under the bleachers and sneaking kisses or touches between classes when no one was paying attention. Their getting together had happened to suddenly, neither of them had expected it. It was Carrie's idea to keep it a secret. Mama would most likely kill Carrie if she ever found out she was dating a boy. Plus, the other kids would never let Tommy Ross live it down. Dating Carrie White? How could he stoop so low? Tommy reminded her many times that he was not ashamed of dating her, and if she ever changed her mind, he would gladly scream it over the PA system that he was in a great relationship with Carrie White. This brought a smile to her face, she reached up, wrapped her arms around his neck and brought her lips to his; standing on her tip-toes in order to reach them. \"I have to go, I'm pushing the limits as it is.\" She sighed, resting her head against his chest. \"I think Mama is getting suspicious too. She's been coming home earlier, watching me closely.\" There was a pause, her eyes moving up to meet his. \"Till the weekend, I think I should just go home right after school.\" She hated the idea of just leaving school, her head down as she avoided the other kids. Meeting Tommy was the best part of her day. She felt to empty whenever she didn't see him, touch him, and kiss him. But, all hell would break loose if Mama found out Carrie was in a relationship. Precautions like this were needed. \"Okay.\" He said, a sad look in his eyes. They exchanged once last kiss, this one deeper and much longer before Carrie squeezed his hand and left him standing there, staring after her. Although this was what Carrie wanted, Tommy hated keeping their relationship a secret. He felt like the biggest douche in the world as he watched the other kids make fun of her, call her names, and just treat her like shit. Most of the time, he did his best to chase them away without making it too obvious his feelings for the shorter blonde girl were much stronger than a simple classmate. But, Carrie said he can't save her all the time. She could handle the blunt of things. Even if it hurt him inside. One of his fellow lacrosse teammates had helped the girls stuff tampons in Carrie's locker about two weeks after Tommy and Carrie had started dating. (He'd seen the video, and Carrie refused to talk about it.) Tommy's teammate then went on to brag about how he was the one to break into her locker and stuff them in there. Tommy was going to let it pass, ignore the fact he had a simmering rage until the boy had the nerve to say \"That Carrie bitch deserved it.\" He'd almost lost it then and there. But, he waited until practice, making sure they were on different teams before knocking the boy on his ass - hard - more than a couple times. Before the practice was over, Tommy had knocked the boy on his ass one more time, muttering \"Bitch\" as he passed by, making a goal. As he walked to his jeep, he felt a pang of guilt. He should have offered Carrie a ride, it would be much faster than her walking. A sigh parted his lips as he threw his backpack into the back and opened the door. \"Tommy?\" He'd just gotten the door open when the soft voice came from behind him, \"Can I talk to you for a moment?\" He turned to see, Sue Snell standing in front of his awkwardly. The two of them had dated for about two months at the beginning of the year. It didn't work out, Sue's friends were not the type of people Tommy wanted to be around, and he never felt like the two of them had the right connection. Everything felt off. \"Uh - yeah, what's up?\" \"Do you know the rumors that are surrounding you? \" He didn't because he didn't care. People talked shit all the time. If he was the topic for a few days it didn't bother him. In the end it would all pass and someone else would spark a new rumor that was more important. (Not that Tommy listened to rumors anymore). \"What is the rumor mill spitting out this time? \" Sue, the tall, beautiful blonde with bright blue eyes stared at him, as if expecting him to know. She was gorgeous, that was one of the main reasons he had asked her out. \"Are you fucking Carrie White?\" He almost fell over. His eyes widened at her words, especially the way she phrased the sentence. \"No.\" He said, and he wasn't lying. It had been three months, and Carrie and he had talked about it, but she was so nervous she didn't want to do it yet. She felt bad about it, already apologizing when she told him to stop. (And Tommy wasn't mad or annoyed by it. He got it. He always told Carrie she didn't have to apologize, he was not going to make her do something she didn't want to do. ) \"Well, everyone thinks you are.\" She paused. \"I kept telling them you wouldn't stoop that low.\" His jaw tightened. \"I don't care what people think. And even if I was, they don't have a fucking right to know.\" He had confronted her because he wanted to apologize about the video. Obviously he had not been the one to take it, or post it, but he had watched it, and his own laugh has passed through him as he watched the girl scream on the floor. He'd felt like shit ever since. This wasn't him. Tommy was a nice guy, someone who didn't think less of people for stupid reasons. She sat in the back of the library, away from everyone, watching a video of some type of magic trick. Her green eyes were locked on the screen as the man moved his hands, lifting some box off the ground without even touching it. Slowly, Tommy approached her, sitting at the computer next to her. He saw her flinch as he sat down. \"Carrie?\" For a moment, she didn't turn, her eyes stayed on the screen. Tommy never let his eyes leave her face. When she figured out he wasn't going to leave, she turned, eyes casted down for a second before meeting his. \"Hey. Uh - Listen. I wanted to tell you I'm sorry about what those girls did to you. That was just cruel.\" Wow. The words came out like vomit, fast and without much warning. He had planned on what to say, and it wasn't that. \"Did - did you see the video?\" Carrie asked, eyes turning down to the keyboard. \"Yeah. Yeah; Chris is a horrible person.\" Tommy cursed himself, if anyone knew that, it was Carrie White. \"But don't worry! I'm not judging you. I'm judging them , you don't deserve to be treated the way you are.\" This brought her eyes up, they were a bright green. Beautiful. Even with her mousy hair, church clothes and the few pimples on her face, Tommy could still see her being a beautiful girl. \"Thanks.\" Was all she said. But Tommy didn't want to give up yet. He wanted to get to know Carrie. He wanted to befriend her. \"Hey, do you want to go and get some food? I know this great place, it's not very crowded and kids our age don't know about it.\" \"You don't have to do that, okay? I'm not a charity case.\" There was a bitterness to her tone, something he hadn't expected from her. \"This isn't charity. I promise.\" The next part was spoken slowly, Tommy wasn't sure how Carrie would take it. Honestly, he was afraid of offending her. \"You look like you need a friend.\" As he feared, she physically flinched. Jumping back, her eyes staring at him, but hurt and rage mixed within those big green eyes. There was a second, Tommy thought she would slap him straight across the face, but instead she collected her things and rushed out of the library. (He had asked her a few weeks after they started dating if she ran out to prevent him from seeing her cry. All Carrie had done was shake her head.) He wasn't giving up that fast. A few days later, Tommy walked up to Carrie at lunch, all eyes on him, snickering and \"What the hell is he doing?\" but he paid no attention. As soon as he leaned across the table, Carrie was scooting her chair, reading to bolt out of there. \"Carrie wait.\" She stopped, green eyes peeking out behind a curtain of blonde hair. \"Can you just, stop? Don't you think I've been tricked enough?\" \"I'm not trying to trick you!\" He said instantly, his eyes wide with alarm. He had been stupid to think she would just befriend him without thinking he was doing it for a sinister reason. \"I'm not like them. I promise.\" As much as Tommy wanted to look away, he held his gaze with Carrie. She was studying him, seeing if he was telling the truth or not. A long moment passed before she bowed her head and stood up. Tommy's eyes pleaded for her to sit down, but she didn't look at him. \"It's social suicide to talk to me. Don't do that to yourself, Tommy.\" And then she was gone again. So he started going to the library more, he wouldn't talk to her, he would finish his homework and sit at the table next to her. Whenever he caught to staring he would offer a smile. At first she never smiled back, but the more he did it without offering her a trick, she started to smile back, even blush a little. After about a week and a half of that, he dared to sit at the same table as her. His eyes scanned her books. \"Telekinesis, unlocking the mind?\" He read the title before she instantly turned the books around. \"Oh - no, no. is that like hypnosis?\" By the look she gave him, that was a no. \"Need any help? This seems like a big project, whatever you're working on.\" \"It's more of a personal project.\" She commented not looking up. His lips pressed together for a moment before his head bowed. He felt her finally look up at him. \"Tommy, what are you doing?\" \"I told you before, I want to be your friend.\" \"Nobody wants to be my friend. Don't you remember, Carrie White eats s-shit.\" Tommy almost laughed as she stuttered that her swear. The laugh wasn't aimed towards her; he thought it was the cutest thing \"I don't believe that. Kids are assholes.\" Tommy muttered. After that, they started talking a little more, at first it was just about her personal project, she didn't say much, just point out an interesting fact if she thought it was worth sharing. They only talked in the library and no one ever saw them. It was about two weeks after he was finally seeing the true Carrie did he finally feel butterflies in his stomach as he went to sit next to her. She was different, cute, shy, and everything most girls in the school were not. But once you opened her up, she was smart, witty, and he was just amazed by her almost every day. \"Carrie, can I ask you something?\" Tommy asked as they collected their things to go to their next class. He saw her flush, watched as she tensed up and her green eyes showed fear. \"Would you like to get that lunch sometime?\" This had to be a dream. This had to be a very good dream because stuff like this didn't happen in real life. Carrie White was kissing Tommy Ross. Her stomach was exploding with butterflies but she welcomed them. His lips were soft, gentle, easing her into it. She hadn't realized how much she craved this until Tommy had closed the gap between them and smashed their lips together moments before. Carrie pulled away just a bit to catch her breath. Her green eyes meeting his beautiful blue ones. There was a warm fuzz around her mind, it was welcoming and new. \"I can't believe this.\" \"What?\" \" This. You and - and me!\" There was a pause, a blush spreading on her cheeks. Never before had Carrie experienced a moment she never wanted to end. \"Well believe it.\" He chuckled before once again locking their lips together. This went on for a while, words rarely parting their lips. Carrie was too swept up in the moment, her mind only on Tommy and not on anything else that had to do with her life. None of that mattered. In a million years, Carrie White never would have imagined she'd be kissing the only boy she'd ever had a crush on. But here she was, her lips dancing with his. It was when he was stopped a few blocks from her house did Carrie's blush fade and her face turn to him with a serious glow. She could tell before speaking, he knew what she was going to ask. \"Was this just a - a onetime thing?\" There was a pause. She would understand, Carrie knew the reputation she carried on her shoulders. Dragging Tommy down was not something she wanted to do. He was adored at Ewen High; there was no need for her to ruin that. \"It doesn't have to be.\" This was not what she expected him to say, and it made her feel slightly better about the whole situation. \"I'm not ashamed of liking you, Carrie.\" Now this caused the blush to return to her face. But, a sigh passed her lips. She had made up her own mind quickly. \"I really like you, Tommy. But I want to keep this a secret. For you! Even if you're not ashamed of me, that doesn't mean the other kids won't try to make you feel like trash for liking me.\" \"Carrie, I don't care - \" \"I know! But I do. You don't need to be dragged into the mud because of me. If - if you want to go out with me, I just think it would be a lot easier to - to keep it a secret. I can handle most of what they throw at me.\" Her mind did its best not to avert back to the locker room incident. Green eyes lock on blue, and her next words are spoken in a whisper. \"Please?\" Tommy moves, leaning over to be only a few inches from her face. He doesn't disconnect their eye contact. \"If that's what you want. But know, if you ever change your mind, I will happily tell the whole school.\" This pleased Carrie more than Tommy ever knew. The butterflies in her stomach multiplied and it was her who closed the gap between them this time. It was a soft kiss before she backed away and stepped out of his jeep. She gave him a smile before turning toward her house, a skip in her walk. That's how they became each other's secrets. - THE END A/N: I had intended on making this a whole story, but couldn't think of how I wanted to story to go, so I decided instead of wasting what I wrote, I'd just tweak it and post it here. I think it's cute. (: Hope you all enjoyed it![Chapter 3] You are welcome to leave One-Shot ideas in your reviews! I am open to any and all related to Carrie and Tommy 3 Thanks for all the beautiful reviews! MEETING MAMA \"Shit!\" The rare curse left the young blonde's lips as she heard the door to the house slam shut and her mother call out her name. Carrie bolted up from the bed, her hands awkwardly moving not to fall on the boy who was lying in the bed with her. \"I thought you said she was working till five?\" Tommy frantically got out of bed, slipping the shirt on that Carrie didn't remember removing. \"That's what I thought!\" There was no way he could climb out the window, they were two stories up and there wasn't a handy tree to help him down. Carrie knew this would happen one day or another, but just didn't need Mama to meet him when he was trying to sneak out of her room. That would lead to maybe a whole YEAR in the prayer closet! \"Carrietta!\" \"Coming down, Mama!\" Carrie bit her lip, her face a pale white and her heart threatening to burst from her chest. Tommy walked up to her, cupping her pale face in his hands. \"Calm down. We're going to get through this.\" His thumb brushed her lower lip gently and Carrie met his crystal blue eyes. Her heart calmed a bit, and she nodded. \"I'm still sneaking you out.\" She walked over to her door and opened it, peaking her head out to listen. Mama was in the kitchen, if Tommy moved fast enough, he'd be able to rush out before the woman saw him. \"Follow me.\" She mouthed to him before pressing a finger to her lips. Carrie took a deep breath and headed down the stairs. They creaked under her light weight, but she told herself the sound was not as loud as she thought, her anxiety just heightened the sound. Tommy was a few steps behind her, his own eyes on the lookout. He wouldn't tell Carrie this now, but he was terrified of meeting her mother. From the stories around town, to the way Carrie herself talked about the woman, Tommy only pictured a created; not a human. Carrie hit the bottom step and nearly bolted from the stairs and into the kitchen. Tommy needed to get out now while Mama's back was turned. There was a small temptation to turn around and give her boyfriend a goodbye kiss, but that was too risky. Carrie stepped into the kitchen, doing her best to take up the doorway, and smiled at the red haired women despite her back being turned. Green eyes glanced behind her quickly, seeing Tommy with his hand on the door. He froze, blue eyes wide and Carrie didn't have to hear the gasp from in front of her to know what had happened. Tommy looked at Carrie and Carrie shook her head. If he ran now she'd be in even more trouble. \"Carrietta White!\" The voice boomed behind her and Carrie turned to see her mother raging at her. There was so much anger in her eyes, Carrie felt how much her mother was angry. \"What is this?\" The fear Carrie had always felt when she was a child was back. It coated her body like a nasty slim she wouldn't be able to wash off. \"You've brought a BOY into my house!\" Tommy smiled the charming smile he was known for and walked up to Mrs. White. His face was slightly paler than normal, but that was the only sign that he was nervous across his face. His hand was out, offering a handshake as he stopped in front of the woman. \"Hello, Mrs. White. I'm Tommy Ross. It's nice to meet you.\" The smile slightly faltered as Mrs. White took a step forward but ignored Tommy's hand. \"Mama, he was just helping me with my math homework.\" Carrie moved, pushing Tommy back and stepping between him and her mother. \"He's a very nice both.\" \"I can practically smell the sin dripping off of him.\" Mrs. White remarked coldly ignoring her daughter. She shoved Carrie out of the way, causing the young blonde to fall. Carrie called out to her mother, but the woman was getting into Tommy's face, looking him over with disgust. Carrie knew the woman did not see a human being but a bag of sin standing before her. Even if Tommy was a Holy Saint, Mama would still stare at him the saw. \"Get out of my house.\" The words were said in a low voice, her voice deep and holding a darker threat. Tommy's face was now as pale as a ghosts, the charming smile having fallen from his face a long time ago. Blue eyes turned to Carrie, just getting up off the ground. She rubbed the arm she'd fallen on, and locked eyes with her, they exchanged silent words. Tommy wanted to grab Carrie and get her away from this. He wasn't a fool, just by the act Mrs. White had inflicted on Carrie, he knew that was not the worst of it. Images for a few bruises Carrie had shrugged off entered his mind. Carrie didn't deserve such treatment. But, the blonde shook her head, her eyes telling him she was stronger than she looked. As their eyes locked, Mrs. White raised her hand as if to strike Tommy, but Carrie was faster. Her hand flew out from her side, her mind flexing catching her mother's hand in midair. Both Mrs. White and Tommy stared in shock at the sight. \"Get out Tommy!\" He took a step back but didn't head for the door. \"Now!\" \"You're coming with me.\" Green eyes met blue once more and she shook her head again. \"I can't.\" Mama turned to Carrie, eyes flaring a deep read that could kill anyone. \"Witch!\" Her body twisted despite her hand still being trapped in an invisible force. \"Witch!\" She screamed again. \"You are going to get into your closet and pray until God tells me you are free of the devil spirit inside you!\" Carrie turned to Tommy. \"Please! Just go, I will see you in school tomorrow!\" But he wasn't going to leave. \"Mama!\" Margaret stopped squirming and looked at her daughter with a new hatred. Carrie gulped and ignored that new fact. \"You're not – you are not going to touch m-me or Tommy. We're going to leave and you are going to st-stay here.\" Carrie released her mother and waited a beat to see what the woman would say. The woman did nothing for a long moment, no words passed her lips as Carrie collected her bag, grabbed Tommy's hand, and headed for the door. It was only when Carrie said goodbye did the woman speak. \"Don't come back, Carrietta.\"[Chapter 4] DOUBLE DATE Tommy had let it slip one night, after a couple of beers, that he was in a very serious relationship with Carrie White. His face had paled almost instantly. Not because he was ashamed of dating her, but because it was a secret. His best friend, George Dawson, stared at him for a long moment before making the comment \"I thought something was going on.\" It was such a simple, and unexpected reaction, it threw Tommy off. George didn't mention it until he was leaving to go home. \"Talk to Carrie. Maybe the four of us could go on a type of doubled date. Erika has been wanting another couple to hang out with but she hates all her friends boyfriends.\" (George had mentioned in the past he wasn't a huge fan of Erika's friends anyway.) Tommy had brought it up to Carrie, just because he liked the idea; he never expected her to say yes. \"Are you kidding? Of course!\" She beamed a smile as she pulled away from the hug she had thrown on him. \"I've been dying to go on a date with another couple. I - I just never knew who to ask.\" Since George had insisted he drive, they all met up at Tommy's house. Carrie was nervous, he could see it in her face despite the fact she constantly denied it. It put her at a bit of ease that Erika didn't go to Ewen High. But the words \"What if they doesn't like me? What if she is like all the other girls?\" many times. Tommy reassured her that he had met Erika and she was nothing like the girls they went to school with. If he was being brutally honest, there were not many decent people at their school, one of the reasons George was one of his best friends because the guy was one of the nicest people Tommy had ever met. As soon as the doorway rang, Carrie tensed, he saw her drawing into her quiet place. Tommy turned to her, placing both hands on her shoulders and forced her to look him in the eyes. \"Carrie,\" He said gently, offering a kind smile. Her features were pale, he could see the fear in her eyes. \"I promise you that this is going to be one of the best dates of our lives. George is an amazing guy and Erika will love you. If there is any reason you want to leave; just touch my ear and we will make an excuse to leave.\" \"How did I get so lucky, Tommy Ross?\" The words left her mouth with a smile and Tommy felt the tension he had himself fall off his shoulders. The doorbell rang again before Tommy opened the door a second later. \"Dawsooon!\" \"Ross!\" A second later, the two boys were embraced in a strange looking hug. Carrie laughed, slightly rolling her eyes at their foolishness. A girl pushed passed them, almost holding the same expression on her features as Carrie. \"Idiots.\" She chuckled. \"You must be Carrie! I'm Erika.\" And then the girl was giving Carrie one of the warmest hugs she'd ever experienced. Erika pulled away, still supporting a smile. Carrie opened her mouth to speak but the boys came in, done with their weird hug or handshake. \"Well, we should get going because I am starving!\" George breathed, wrapping an arm around Erika. \"I hope you guys like the place I picked.\" Carrie finally said. \"It's nothing too special, but - but they have great deserts.\" \"That's really all I need.\" Erika smiled. Tommy mimicked George's action, wrapping his arm around Carrie's shoulder and pulling her in. \"Lead the way, Dawson.\" About twenty minutes later, the four of them were walking into a small restaurant and sitting down in a booth. \"So, Carrie. What would you recommend?\" Carrie twisted her mouth to the side for a moment. \"Uh - Everything is pretty good. Accept stay away from the sea-food, I might love this place but even I can admit that shit looks sketchy.\" The four of them exchange a laugh before their waitress comes and takes their orders. Tommy watched as Carrie interacted with George and Erika, each minute passed and she was opening up, becoming the Carrie he knew and was slowly falling in love with. \"Excuse me,\" He muttered before giving Carrie a soft kiss on her cheek and getting up to use the bathroom. The two of them had had a number of dates here, Tommy could have found the bathroom with his eyes closed. That wasn't what drew him off course. His eyes fell on a tall blonde he would know everywhere. It was too late to act as if she hadn't seen them. Their eyes had met and Sue was suddenly walking over to them, her hips waying back and forth a little too forcefully. Fuck. \"Tommy!\" She embraced him but he didn't move to return the action. \"I didn't know you knew this place.\" \"Yeah… What are you doing here?\" \"It's my mom's birthday, she loves this place. Always insists on this place for dinner.\" His eyes glanced back, barely able to see Carrie around the corner but he could see her. If Sue found out about the two of them, that would be Chris would know before midnight. She was the last person Carrie or Tommy wanted to know about their relationship. This was going well, they had an amazing thing going and Tommy didn't even want to think about what might happen if the kids at school found out. \"Who are you here with?\" \"Just George.\" And as soon as he said Dawson's name, Tommy regretted it. \"You two on a date?\" She teased. But he didn't answer and her face fell a bit. \"You two are on a date but I'm guessing with other people.\" He still said nothing. \"Who is it?\" \"None of your business.\" He replied calmly. \"It's no one you know, anyway.\" Her eyes narrowed slightly, before she moved around him, slipping past him with her small frame. \"Oh… You're just the pathetic third wheel.\" Tommy moved, glancing to see George and Erika eating quietly with the booth in front of them empty. Sue was sounding so much like Chris it scared him. She was never this way when they were dating. She normally had an effortless sweetness to her voice but tonight was all spite. Carrie wasn't going to lie, there would always be a small part of her that would be jealous of Sue Snell. She was beautiful, tall, and popular. She was almost the opposite of Carrie in every way. How Tommy decided to pick her over Sue, Carrie would never understand. But, Carrie always feared Tommy would soon realize he liked being with Sue better and go crawling back to her. He was quick at going to the bathroom, normally back within two minutes. And time passed and he wasn't there. She cranked her neck, trying to see around the corner and almost gasped aloud at the sight of him speaking to Sue. Teeth sunk into her bottom lip lightly, a nervous knot forming in her stomach. Erika was speaking, telling a story about some kid in her English class pulling a prank on the teacher. Carrie was sure she'd laugh her ass off if she were paying attention. \"I'm sorry… I need some air.\" A light, very weak, smile fell on her lips as she scooted out of the booth and quickly walked out of the door. \"Where is Carrie?\" Tommy asked the moment he got back to the table. \"Outside. Oh, Tommy. I'm sorry! I think I scared her or something. I just wouldn't shut up. I thought the story was funny but ...\" Erika trailed off, eyes falling to her plate. \"Trust me, Erika - it wasn't you.\" Tommy walked out the door, feeling a blast of autumn air that felt goosebumps on his skin. Carrie was standing a bit down the sidewalk, her arms wrapped around her. Tommy slowly walked up to her, studying her face to see if she was mad - but she wasn't - it looked like she was about to cry. \"Carrie.\" \"Did you ever bring HER here?\" Her words were harsh it almost knocked Tommy off his feet. \"Before me, did you bring her here?\" Her eyes lifted and Tommy saw the shin of tears swimming inside them. \"What? No - never. She's here because it's her mother's birthday.\" Carrie sighed, not whipping the tears as the fell down her cheeks. \"Why is she everywhere? She is always around and - and I can't stand it. She is this goddess and I'm nothing more than a mortal.\" Tommy didn't understand what she was saying and how she came to this conclusion. \"I feel like I am competing with her. I remember you talking about her when you guys were dating. I - I know I can't compete with her.\" Instantly he was in front of her, closing the gap between them and looking her in the eyes. Gently, he pressed both his hands on either side of her face and brushed the tears away with his thumb. \"Don't you DARE say that. What I had with Sue was nothing like what I have with you. Carrie, Sue never crosses my mind because all I can ever think about is you.\" She said nothing, just breathed, trying to control so she didn't cry anymore. \"Carrie White, YOU are my girlfriend, you're the one I care about. No one else matter and you have no one to compete with because you leave everyone in the dust.\" She nodded, and he dropped his hands to her arms. A laugh then lightly passed her lips as she said \"You're kind of cheesy.\" Tommy chuckled before he pulled Carrie into a kiss. His hands moved to her back, pressing her into him like the piece of a puzzle he'd been missing. This kiss was to reassure her that, despite how cheesy it might have been, he meant every word of it. When they pulled away from each other, he rested their foreheads together. It was only a moment later Carrie gently touched his ear.[Chapter 5] I Can Make Things Move. Carrie was slowly growing accustomed to her abilities. Often times, she'd stay up late, testing her range and the weight of the things she could lift. Her mind was growing, the ability acting like a muscle she could bend and stretch. With the ability growing, so did her confidence. Not only did she walk with a stride in her step, but her head was held a bit higher, and the crude words aimed at her almost always bounced off. But there was always the fear of being found out. The fear that she'd become more of a science experiment than a person. Soon she'd be strapped to a lab table being poked and pricked with needles. If Mama ever witnessed these abilities, Carrie would never see the outside of the closet - that she knew for sure. ( \"Devil magic!\" ). Th young blonde also feared her boyfriend finding out and seeing her as nothing but a freak . She knew it wasn't normal, people just didn't move things with their mind. When she was digging into the topic with a number of books form the library, Tommy had tried to pry, but Carrie had pushed him aside. There had been a few close calls where she'd acted without thinking. They'd gone to dinner a few weeks ago and one of waiters almost slipped on a napkin left on the floor, before Carrie knew what she was doing, her mind was holding the man up, preventing his skull from making contact with the tile floor. There had been other close calls, but none she couldn't explain with a bit of stretched logic. But now her mind was clear of all worry as Tommy was teaching her how to roller blade. He showed her a video when he was thriteen of all the tricks he'd been able to preform with them and Carrie had wanted to learn. If she really wanted to be a show off, she could focus her ability into giving her better balance and tempt to preform a trick without falling flat on her face - but she wanted to learn naturally. Her hand was clasped tightly in Tommy's as they rolled -slowly - down the road. \"You're getting the hand of it.\" Carrie just laughed, her grip tightening as she felt herself sway. \"You sure about that?\" It was an hour later when Carrie finally told Tommy to let go. \"I - I got this.\" I think . He hesitated for a moment before he nodded, the warm of his hand leaving hers. Slowly, her feet moved, pressing the wheels against the pavement, pushing herself forward. \"There you go!\" Tommy cheered, cupping his hands around his mouth and Whooing . \"That's my girl!\" She managed a turn, a very wide turn, but a turn none the less. She picked up speed a little bit, headed towards Tommy who already hand his arms open. \"You better catch me, I don't think I can stop.\" Her laugh lead her all the way to him, knocking into him but he was strong enough to keep them standing. She was now a good two inches taller, tall enough to kiss him without having to stand on her tip-toes. He laughed against her lips before releasing her from the hug and slowly pushing her backwards. \"Mean!\" She was now in the middle of the street, trying to move her legs to where she was facing the other direction. Tommy lived near a corner off of a main road, cares didn't turn into the neighborhood much in the middle of the day on a Wednesday so the two of them didn't expect much traffic. And even if a car appeared, it had to stop at the Stop-Sign before turning onto the road. But the car that rounded the corner breezed right through the stop sign at full speed. \"CARRIE!\" It would have hit her, knocked her off her feet and rolled over her. But her mind acted, her hand outstretched before she knew what she was doing. When her eyes focused, she was staring at the wrecked front end of a junker car. Both the driver and Tommy were staring at her. The untouched girl, standing in the middle of the road with her hand outstretched. - xxx - Carrie had fled after that, using her abilities to guild her away from the scene. Tommy called after her but she ignored him. The driver of the car could say whatever he wanted, no one would believe him. (Even if Tommy verified the story.) There was no proof. It was all stuff people read about in comic books. She ended up at a park, the roller blades thrown in the grass as she headed for the swings. Tears streamed down her cheeks, some of embarrassment, others of anger at herself. Tommy had to think she was a freak. A weirdo A MONSTER! She shook the last thought from her mind. She couldn't fall into that darkness. \"Carrie?\" For a moment, she didn't turn, she couldn't face him. \"Carrie, what was that?\" He approached, taking a seat in the empty swing beside her. Still, she did not turn to greet him, she just focused on her bare feet. \"Please talk to me. I - I want to understand what the hell happened back there.\" His tone was light, a gentle sound that always eased Carrie when she was in these frantic moods. But it did little to calm her. \"There is nothing to talk about?\" \"Are you kidding?\" His voice rose. \"You - You fucked up that guys car and I - I don't even know how.\" He paused. \"I should have hit you.\" \"I wish it had...\" \"Don't say that. I -\" A frustrated sigh passed through his lips. A sound that always set Carrie on edge. It was worse than yelling. She could feel the irritation he had with her and it made the whole thing worse. \"I was worried it would hit you. I just want to know how it didn't.\" \"I just can .\" Now she slowly turned to look at him, her head low and eyes peeking through a curtain of hair. \"I ...can make things move... or stop... with my mind.\" He said nothing for a long moment. \"I know it sounds crazy! Maybe I am crazy okay ... \" \"How is that possible?\" \"I don't know. It's kind of new to me. I just CAN ...\" That was all she knew about it. None of the books she read gave much of an explanation. \"I was born with it though... that much I know.\" He was silent again, his eyes turned from her to the silent park before them. Many minutes past, the anxiety in her stomach growing with every passing one \"Say something!\" \"I don;t know what to say.\" \"Say I'm a freak! Or that you don't want to be with such a weirdo!\" Now he faced her again, eyes narrowed, but the confusion still visibly on his face. \"This is weird... but I don't think you are. I just wish I could understand it.\" \"I don't even understand it.\" She mutters. \"This doesn't change anything, you know.\" Now, any irritation that had been in his voice was gone. \"Really?\" He grabbed the chain of her swing and drew it to hers, resting his forehead against hers. \"Of course not.\" He then meets his lips with hers, in a sweet, gentle kiss that leaves Carrie's lips tingling. When they part, he keeps her swing close to his. \"But you will have to help me mess with a few people.\" Carrie just laughs. ","Summary":" This is a mini-series of stories based around the characters of Carrie White and Tommy Ross from St"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"dreamworks home 2 (movie)","Author":"Granyk1958","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12038461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dreamworks home 2 is based on dreamworks home. I'm not the owner of home. dreamworks production is.[Chapter 2] DreamWorks home belongs to DreamWorks animation studios. if you are not interested, then please read this story from my sister who made it possible for me to be on fanfiction to write. here is the link below. s/12034580/1/Brainy-s-story The camera lens in Tip's room was just getting adjusted. \"Is it on?\" Tip asked, looking into the camera that was recording herself at the time, as she pulled her hair back into a braid. Not seen from behind the camera, Oh gave Tip a thumbs up to let her know it was on. Tip started, \"Hello everyone,\" she began before she took a small breath and continued on. \"Today is a really exciting day!\" \"Oh put the camera on the tripod and come here.\" The camera was put in position, then Oh stood on the right side of Tip waving and saying hello to the camera. \"Hey Tip,\" called out a voice from her left. \"Hey mom,\" Tip said about a second or two before her mother showed up on camera. \"Hey what are you recording about guys?\" Oh and Tip looked at each other and smiled, before looking back at Lucy (Tip's mom). Together they said excitedly, \"Dj Rat Pack's performing here tonight!'' That night a group of boov and people came to see and hear Rat pack play his dj for them. During the time, the radio was playing \"hips don't lie,\" by Shakira. Oh stood back watching everybody, before shouting, Kyle! excitedly. I's sees yous has gotten my evite. \"Yup sure did.\" Kyle responded. (A boov traffic cop). Kyle continued on.\" \"Is the reason why Rat Pack the first boov dj ever is performing because you have a meeting with the world leaders tomorrow?\" Oh responded back, \"Yup, it's a cause for celebration.\" \"Wells then congratulations!\" \"Thankings yous best friend Kyle. Tip was right behind Kyle as she turned her head a bit left, and a bit more left. She stared straight into a nice looking young black man, with short grid like hair, blue eyes, white teeth and a motorcycle jacket. They looked straight into each others eyes so hard, it was like \"the dj got us falling in love again\" by Usher was been played in the atmosphere. \"Hi my name is Brian, what's yours?\" asked the boy. \"Tip.\" she replied. \"Do you know how to dance?\" Brian asked. \" I'm a really excellent dancer and would like to have a nice partner.\" Tip replied back, \"I love to.\" Besides, I'm a dancer too, I took classes. \"Let's do this.\" Brian responded as he pulled Tip right into the heart of the dance floor. Waiting for the dj to perform his new hit single. Suddenly there was a sound that screeched for quite a few seconds. Tip and Brian turned left, facing towards \"Dj Rat Pack.\" \"Alright everyone, you know who your looking at.\" \"Dj Rat Pack.\" \" And I'm going to perform my new hit single, \"Same Galaxies!\" people and boov began to cheer, shout and whistle in excitement. A few seconds later he began to perform his new hit single \"Same Galaxies.\" (This song has the musical sounds and beats highly similar to \"Party Rock\" by Red foo). He started off with a famous dj tune. \"Here we go!\" (does not rap on this part). (chorus) \"We all live in the same galaxies.\" \"All share the same families.\" \"And I will shoot for the moon.\" \"Even if it's in the afternoon.\" (Stretches out the last word). (does rap on this part). \"Now before you eat your taco,\" \"Listen up I'm going to make you go shock, woah!\" (Quickly says the last word). \"And what I say is so crazy,\" \"You're gonna drop down and get lazy,\" \"you better jump off the dock,\" \"if you want to go beat the clock.\" (does little bit of rap on this part beneath). \"Yeah.\" \"I traveled every galaxy.\" \"But none of them were good enough for me.\" \"And then, I found this one,\" and new it was the right one, whoo! (chorus). \"We all live in the same galaxies.\" \"All share the same families.\" \"And I will shoot for the moon.\" \"Even if it's in the afternoon.\" (does rap on this part) \"Lady boov they're so mild,\" \"but, when I show up they get so wild,\" (stretches out the first two letters in the last word). \"they're a drip and drop,\" \" they love to drink that soda pop,\" \"and every time I dance to the music and groove it,\" \"they always say you know how to shake your boov thing.\" (pauses for a second on every word or two). \"Well of course,\" \"because I've.\" (Does not rap on this part).(human Women do back up on this line of chorus). (rat pack only says whoo in this back up chorus). (girls sound like party rock backup group). \"Traveled a million.\" \"Billion.\" \"Yeah I traveled.\" \" A million.\" \"Billion light years.\" \"Million.\" \"Billion.\" \"Billion.\" \"Million- on-on-on-on,\" \"whoo -oo- oo -oo.\" (Chorus). \"We all live in the same galaxies.\" \"All share the same families.\" \"And I will shoot for the moon.\" \"even if it's in the af-afternoo -ooo-oon.\" (Boldly says this last line after a short beat). Lady boov can you groove?\" (song ends a few seconds later after small beat). The crowd cheers on for their fellow dj boov.[Chapter 3] HOME DOES NOTBELONG TO ME.[Chapter 4] The next day Oh had been wakened up my his alarm clock and opened up his closet to pick out a boov shirt. Yet he had a hard time deciding between one boov shirt with a purple swirl. And another boov shirt with a purple swirl. \"Purple or purple.\" \"Purple or purple.\" \"Purple or purple.\" Tip came in after most likely being wakened up by the alarm. \"Oh, what are you doing\". Asked Tip. Oh responded back. \"I's having trouble deciding between Purple or purple.\" They are the exact same thing.\" Tip replied. She headed towards Oh's closet and pick him out a boov shirt with a yellow swirl in the center. \"Thank you Tip.\" Oh replied. A moment later he was changed in his close and sat down to have some boov cereal, which looked like trix cereal and turned on the Boov food network on TV. What appeared on the TV was a boov, with a chefs hat, a clear large bowl and some items inedible for he umans. As he was watching it he got cravings. While Tip was disgusted by what she saw. What was going on, on the TV was this. The boov Chef had began. \"How many of you tried a boov salad?\" Oh responded back to the TV. \"A boov salad?\" \"Yup that's right a boov salad.\" \"Here are the ingredients. Replied back the Chef. \"Motor oil, autumn leaves, acorns, bullets, chewing plastics, corks, puzzles, coolant and bark.\" \"First you fill half the bowl up with coolant.\" \"Next fill a quarter of the bowl with autumn leaves and mix in with plenty of acorns bullets, corks, puzzles, bark and chewing plastics.\" \"Afterwards drain the coolant and leave some of the flavor behind for you to try. And finally top it off with motor oil.\" \"Tada.\" the chef last replied before the show ended. During the time he was talking he also showed on TV how to do it. As soon as Oh was done with his cereal he got his spin brush from their Kenmore refrigerator. It wasn't the only thing new. Oh was living in a new house. Oh went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. During the time he was brushing his teeth the toothbrush played the chorus to \"hall of fame.\" As soon as Oh was done he put his toothbrush up. He turned around for a second and heard a car honk. He looked out the window and saw the Presidential car. He knew at that moment that it was time for him to meet the world leaders. \"It's time.\" Oh said to himself excitedly. \"Tip.\" \"My mom.\" \"It's time for us to go, because the president is here. They all went outside. \"Wait.\" Replied Tip. \"Whose gonna watch over Pig.\" Your cat can come with us.\" Replied the president. This made Tip very happy. Oh got out the gorge chip and used it to boost the speed. Within seconds he was at D.C. There he saw something he never saw before. A boov sculpture standing 30 stories tall. \"They call it the sculpture of Boov.\" Said the President. \"Excuse me but who are you.\" \"Arnold.\" \"That is President Arnold to you mister. He was dressed in his presidential about 6 ft. tall With a red pompadour wig, glasses talked and acted gay. A moment later they along with Tip and the others went into the Smithsonian. There were two new models. One was the gorge mothership and another was the boov mothership. In memory of what had happened before. In a clear glass Oh put the gorge chip in for it to be a symbol of peace. \"This gorge chip gives me so many good memories.\" Oh responded. \"Don't worry.\" replied the President. \"It is protected now in bulletproof glass.\" He continued on. \"They're here.\" \"Who?\" Oh asked. \"Everybody.\" The president responded. He continued on. \"The queen of England.\" \"The Emperor of China and Japan.\" \"All of them.\" \"Wow.\" Oh said in amazement. \"So.\" The President said and continued on. \"I believe you were invited here to give a speech.\" \"Oh right.\" Oh replied. \"I's has indeed forgotten to get it.\" \"But I can still tell it in the heart.\" He touched his heart to show expression. \"You are so over rated, you know that.\" The president giggled about it. The President had soon stood up behind his stand to announce Oh. \"As President of these united states, I am so very eager and pleased to announce you The captain of the boov.\" \"Oh.\" The crowd cheered. Oh was a bit nervous. The President cleared his throat. \"Mmm Hmm.\" \"Your Speech.\" Oh responded back. \"Oh right sorry.\" He cleared his throat and took a deep breath before starting his speech. \"First off I just want you to know that you can count on me no matter what the consequences.\" \"After all let's not forget that I saved this planet from being 100% completely destroyed by the gorge.\" As he gave his speech it was almost like the song \"count on me.\" was being played. \"I's has never really understood humans ways before.\" \"At least not until I lived up to it.\" \"The truth is, is that I's still has lots to learn about.\" \"However.\" \"There are so many things that I done and said that were mostly helpful.\" \"Yet somehow I's still get lost.\" \"I don't know this planet like you's humans do.\" \"You have been here way before I's has ever been.\" \"So why's do I's want you's to count on me's.\" \"Because, I want to help make the world a better place. I believe if we boov can's relocated and change humans persons for the good, than we can change humans persons resources for the good.\" \"We've made things work without pollution.\" \"Showed humans person how's to save our resources instead of wasting them.\" \"The point is, is that I's want's you's to count on me.\" \"So that away I's can prove to you's all humans persons that I can better your world up.\" \"Thanking you's.\" The whole crowd loved and cheered for him. Tip smiled at Oh and gave him a big thumbs up. Oh too gave a big thumbs up. Oh continued on. \"one last thing.\" \"are there any questions before I's go.\" A woman with white skin, glasses, blond pony tail and a yellow t-shirt asked on her microphone. \"What other plans do you have for our earth?\" She pointed the microphone towards Oh. Oh replied. \"I's has noticed that landscapes have been taken by those they don't belong to and got cut down to make money so that the economy can get richer.\" \"Boo!\" the crowd said before he continued on. \"I's believe us humans persons have enough money.\" \"Are there any other questions.\" No one answered. Alright than thinking's you's all humans persons.\" \"Oh by the way Tip This is a bit of a shocker.\" \"But I's am gonna to try out a humans persons school.\" During the time he was speaking Tip was texting to Brian. She texted that \"she would talk again later.\" And dropped her phone in shock. She picked it up and said to herself out loud. \"Good thing this is one of those unbreakable phones.\" She was still surprised. END OF CHAPTER 2. ","Summary":" Dreamworks home 2 is based on dreamworks home. I'm not the owner of home. dreamworks production is."},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Actions","Author":"ObsessiveShipper389","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12083255","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Auther's Note:This is my very first story, so expect some mistakes. Disclaimer: I do not own Carrie or any of the associated characters. Carrie White walks into school with her head down. Hair covers her face and she doesn't make eye contact with anyone. She travels straight to her locker, careful to keep out of people's way. Words, such as freak and hideous line her locker, but she doesn't react. Instead she grabs her books and leaves. She heads to the gym and walks into the locker room. After grabbing her swim suit, from her locker, she goes into a bathroom stall. Mother always told her that seeing another girl's body and letting them see your body was sinful. After changing and putting on her swim cap, she goes towards the pool. A couple of minutes later, Sue Snell exits the locker rooms with Chris Hargensen. However, Carrie chooses to focus on Sue. Sue is the only girl who hasn't bullied Carrie. However, Sue has never tried to befriend Carrie. Despite this, Carrie still thinks Sue is the closest thing to a friend she has. Carrie moves her gaze downwards when Tommy Ross walks up to Sue. It's not uncommon for Sue and Tommy to lock lips. Therefore, Carrie doesn't have to look to know that they are making out. Miss. Desjardin comes in and tells Tommy leave. \"All right girls, make sure you all have your swim caps on correctly and jump in the water,\" said Miss. Desjardin. The girls are playing volleyball in PE right now. There's a very good rally going on in the game, until the ball is passed to Carrie. \"OK girls,\" says Miss. Desjardin ,\"let's let Carrie have a turn this time.\" Carrie hits the ball, right into the Sue's head. Sue turns around and for a minute Carrie thinks that Sue's going to yell at her. But to Carrie's surprise (and delight) Sue instead starts to laugh. All the girls join in on the laughter. Carrie even laughs a little. Up until Chris speaks. \"Eat shit!\" Chris tells Carrie. Everyone, but Sue and Carrie, start to laugh at that comment instead. \"Come on Chris, Carrie didn't mean any harm. Did you Carrie?\" After Sue looks at Carrie, who shakes her head in confirmation, she continues. \"It was just a simple accident.\" Chris looks at Sue in surprise, but doesn't say anything. \"Alright girls, I think that was enough volleyball for today,\" says Miss. Desjardin, \"go shower up.\" That wraps up chapter one. Please review and let me know how I did. Until next time![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own Carrie or and characters associated with her. Once everyone is done in the locker room, Carrie White walks into the showers. She never showers with any other girls, believing that it's sinful to look at another girl's body. As Carrie washes her body she suddenly sees blood on her fingers. Panic immediately sets into Carrie's mind. Her first instinct is to scream, and she does just that. All the girls turn towards Carrie as she comes running out of the showers with a horrified expression on her face. She has a towel, covered in bloody hand prints, loosely wrapped around her body \"Someone help me!\" Carrie screams. The girls look star startled when they see some blood on her hands. But then realize that it's merely menstrual blood. \"That's just your period. Use a damn tampon,\" Chris told Carrie. However, since Carrie didn't know what a tampon was, she just continue to sob and yell for help. Whispers floated around the room. Everyone was coming to realized that Carrie has no idea what a period is, let alone how to deal with it. Chris didn't like the fact that all the girls weren't focused on her. She felt anger at Carrie and decided to throw a tampon at her while yelling \"plug it up!\". This causes a wave of girls to start fishing out tampons. Then they threw them at Carrie, just like Chris. The words \"Plug it up!\" echoed threw the locker room. All the girls were throwing and chanting. Chris even pulled out her phone to videotape it. No one noticed that Sue wasn't throwing or chanting. Carrie was so scared. She wasn't sure what was going on, but didn't like all the things being thrown at her. She curled up into a tight ball and put her head down. Sue suddenly got a horrible flashback to 1st grade. 'A young Sue had unknowingly gotten chocolate all over her face. One boy noticed it and started to laugh at her. Then he shouted to the class \"Sue has chocolate all over her face!\". This caused an onslaught of laughter. She vividly remembers some of the meaner kids starting to call her a muddy pig. She had tried to get the chocolate off, but ended up smearing it instead. All the kids were laughing at her for five or more minutes, until one girl walked up to her and gently wiped away the chocolate. ' Sue would always remember that kind girl, who moved away a couple of years later. It's was after this vivid flashback that Sue realized she needs to be that girl now. \"Alright! That's enough!\" Sue yelled over the chant. All the girls turn and watch as Sue approaches Carrie. Chris had a very unique look on her face. Not quite annoyance or anger, it wasn't even surprised. The best way to describe her expression is that it's similar to an older sibling who had to help sooth a burn despite, having told their little sibling not to touch the cookie pan. It was like Chris had been expecting Sue to help Carrie, but hoped she wouldn't. \"It's okay Carrie. This happens to every girl. You're no different. It's merely your body's way of getting rid of stuff,\" Sue slowly explained. \"Use a tampon or a pad to stop the flow.\" Carrie didn't respond. Instead she looked at Sue with wide eyes. Unsure of what to think about the fact that Sue had done something. Sue Snell, one of the most popular girls in school, had stopped people from taunting her. Miss. Desjardin chooses this moment to walk into the locker room. She looks around and immediately asks for an explanation. After receiving one she takes Carrie to the office. Reviews are nice if you have time. See you later.[Chapter 3] Author's Note: For now I have decided not to included the detention scene or the closest scene. In this version of the story those two aspects stay the same. In the future I may go back and write those scenes. If I do I will leave a future author's note about it. Disclaimer: I don't own Carrie or any characters associated with her. The next day at school, everyone was laughing and snickering at Carrie more than usual. Unknown to her, Chris had uploaded the video of Carrie in the locker room. Carrie was taking her usual route to her locker. However, she was unaware of the fact that she was also walking into a trap. Carrie turned a corner and was suddenly pelted with more tampons. It was a group of teenage boys who loved to bully Carrie. After one particular tampon hit her in the eye, a random tampon went rouge and hit one of the boys in his eye. \"What the hell!\" He yelled. Everyone turned to him and saw his eye that now has a bruise developing. They turned around to Carrie, only to find her missing. Carrie ran off while everyone was focused on the boy. She was hoping that she'd be left alone the rest of the morning, but luck wasn't on her side. \"Hey Carrie!\" Sue said, \"How are you feeling?\" Carrie froze in place. She was afraid that Sue would also have a trick up her sleeve and that she was just faking kindness. Carrie heard Sue approach her, but she wouldn't turn around. Once a hand touched her shoulder, Carrie jumped and spun around. Sue was standing within a foot length of her and she had a worried look on her face. \"Sorry Carrie. Didn't mean to scare you, I just wanted to know if you're okay?\" Sue told her. Carrie just looked a Sue. Ever so slightly she nodded her head up and down. Carrie squealed in surprise when Sue pulled her in for a slight hug. \"Listen Carrie, I'm sorry I never spoke up for you. You don't deserve to be treated like this and I just hoped that you're not too traumatized.\" Sue said to Carrie in a kind voice. Carrie wasn't listening though. Instead she was analyzing the hug Sue is giving her. This is wrong. Really wrong. Mama wouldn't like it that Sue is hugging me. But her body is so warm and soft. And she smells sweet, like strawberries and honey. Why does this feel good, it shouldn't feel good. Without even realizing it, Carrie started to lean into the hug and even put her hands on Sue. \"Do you forgive me Carrie?\" Sue asked. Not knowing what Sue was talking about, Carrie just nodded her head. Sue them stepped back from the hug. \"Well that was the first bell, I should be going. See you in literature Carrie.\" Sue said, smiling. Then she walked off to PE class. Sorry it's not much. I'll try to update within the next week.[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Does anyone know if the literature teacher has a name. If so please let me know. Italics- Carrie's thoughts Underline- Sue's thoughts Disclaimer: I don't own Carrie or any characters associated with her. By the time literature class came around, Carrie had come to the conclusion that Sue was just the kind of girl that always made physical contact. That still didn't stop Carrie's heart from racing every time she thought of the hug to Sue gave her. This is wrong this is so very wrong of you. Mama always told you that if you liked a girl you world you go to hell. All those thoughts flew from Carrie's mind as she walked into literature and made eye contact with Sue. She then felt her heart start to beat rapidly when Sue gave her a smile and a wave. Carrie looked down and went to her seat. \"Carrie, did you choose a poem to read to the class?\" asked Mr. L. Carrie nodded her head and walked to the front of the class. She proceeded to read her poem. Wow, that's really dark. And it sounds highly religious, figures. I see that most people have a 'she's crazy' expression. I mean granted I don't really like it but it probably means a lot to her, so people shouldn't be so rude. Sue threw Mr.L a nasty glare when he made fun of Carrie's poem. \"Asshole\" said Sue. \"What was that Ms. Snell?\" asked Mr.M astonished. Why would his best student say that. \"Awesome. I said I think Carrie's poem is awesome. Don't you Mr. L?\" Asked Sue in an innocent voice. \"Right, right of course,\" Mr.L muttered in an unsure voice. \"Who's next?\" As Carrie went back to her seat, she gave Sue a very questioning look. Sue choose to look away. After class, Sue made a dash for the door. She wanted to avoid everyone's questions, especially Tommy's. He had been staring at her during her entire conversation with Mr. L. Sadly, he was faster than her. \"Wait Sue!\" He yells. Once he arrived by her side, he asked \"What was that back there? Why did you stick up for Carrie?\" She chose not to answer and just kept walking. \"Listen, I understand that you feel bad for Carrie, but you could ruin your reputation by being friendly with her,\" Tommy explained. \"I don't give a damn bout my reputation anymore. I just want to help her.\" Sue told him. At this point everyone was already at lunch, so they didn't worry about being overheard. \"Really Sue? You don't care about your reputation at all?\" Tommy asked, bewildered. \"Listen Tommy, I'm going to be honest with you. I like Carrie. After the events of yesterday, I started to think a lot about Carrie. And the more I thought, the more I started to see her in a new light,\" Sue explained. \"Sue, I know that you like girls and that we agreed to be a cover for each other until we felt comfortable to tell people. But do you really want Carrie to be the person you come out with?\" Tommy questioned. \"I don't have anything against Carrie, but most people don't like her. And if you came out with her, not only would you be hassled for being gay, but also for dating her,\" Tommy told her. Sue contemplated his words for a little while. They did make a lot of sense, but she doesn't know how to deal with her new feelings if she can't go after Carrie. \"I understand what you mean Tommy. But I need sometime to think about this situation and what I'm going to do, now let's go to lunch.\" Side by side, Tommy and Sue walked to the lunch room. Both of them trying to debating on what to do about this situation. And another chapter done! I am going to be starting school again soon, so updates may be very slow. Don't worry though, I'm not giving up this story. I'll try to update one more time before I go back. As usual please review.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Sorry it's been a couple of weeks. School isn't fun. That being said I'm back. I also have to apologize for how AU this part of the story is. I didn't intend for it to be, but creativity spoke. Disclaimer: I don't own Carrie or any characters associated with her. \"There you are Sue!\" yells Chris when she arrives. \"So glad to see you with Tommy, we thought you might of been hanging out with the freak,\" Tina adds on. Both of them have a sweet, kind voice when saying their respective statements. But anyone with a brain could deciphering the hidden meaning. 'Why the in the world are you even interacting with her in the first place?'. Tommy, ever the gentleman, tells Chris and Tina that they had an impromptu makeout session. Tina accepts his reason, but Chris still seems skeptical. She settles for sending Sue a 'we will talk later look'. The rest of lunch went on without a hitch. Until Carrie arrived. In her typical fashion, she walks towards 'the loner' table with her head down. \"There goes the freak, all dressed in rags,\" Chris starts to sing. Other people in the cafeteria hear her singing and join in. Soon enough the whole halls are echoing that phrase. \"There goes the groom, invisible and doomed.\" Is added on by another teenager. Carrie keeps walking with her head down when this occurs. Soon enough the chanting will stop, she tells herself. And it does. As the lights start to flicker, chanting dies down, even Chris shuts up. Everyone one looks up at the ceiling. The flickering continues for a minute. Then it stops. Carrie wasn't sure why the lights were going on and off, but she wasn't complaining. She was just thankful that the chanting had stopped. She did find it a little weird the the lights stopped flickering when she sat down, but didn't think too hard. For the rest of lunch, everyone stayed quiet. All of them were too freaked out. The rest of the day progressed in its usual fashion and Carrie was home soon enough. \"I have to finish another dress for one of the devil's creatures. I'll be back before nine. Make sure to pray while I'm gone,\" Margaret told her. That was an hour ago. At four o'clock, Carrie is sitting in her room. It weird how things keep happening around me. First the desk, then the door, afterwards it was the tampon, and finally the lights. I should look into that later. For now I have to work. Carrie notices that her bag was left by the door. Ugh, why don't I ever bring the bag closer. Seconds later the bag is levitating over towards her. Carrie looks on, shocked as it lands right in front of her. Did, did I just do that? I couldn't of. Nevertheless, when Carrie thinks about opening her backpack and getting her history book the motions occur right in front of her. I just did that! But I didn't even use my hands. Could I be using the superpower from my book. What is it called? Telekinesis! Excited about this new discovery, Carrie attempts to move more objects. Each task involves a bigger object, but everyone of them work. What am I going to do about this new discovery. Tomorrow I'm going to look telekinesis up in the library. For now I'll start working on my homework. - Saturday- There is one week left till the dance and everyone is excited. Everyone except Carrie, Sue, Tommy, and Chris. Chris is still angry at Carrie and is busy planning with her boyfriend Billy. Sue is trying to think of a way to help Carrie. Carrie doesn't think about the dance as she has no reason to go. Tommy is still trying to figure out the best way to break the news to Sue. Please review if you have a chance. Till next time.[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Surprise! To make it up to all of you I'm uploading two chapters today! Disclaimer: I don't own Carrie or any characters associated with her. -Saturday- As Sue walks towards the Ross house, an unsteady feeling develops in her stomach. Why did he text me so early in the morning? What is it that he could possibly want to tell me? Sue slowly walks up the Ross's driveway. Before she even reaches the door Tommy opens it. He looks happy to see her, but also very nervous. \"Hi Sue, thank you for coming,\" Tommy tells her. \"Hey Tommy.\" Sue replies. They walk into his family room and sit down. Both of them notice the space, but they don't acknowledge it. \"Sue there is something I've been keeping from you for the past three months.\" Tommy begins with. \"I know that we promised not to keep secrets, but I wanted to make sure it was real.\" \"Okay Tommy,\" Sue replies. Unsure where this conversation is going. \"A couple of months back, I snuck into this new club. There I met a guy there. His name is Daniel and he's twenty two.\" Tommy says. \"He approached me and we seemed to just click together. I don't know how to explain it, but it seems like we were meant to meet there.\" At this point Sue has a hunch on where this conversation is going but let's Tommy continue to speak. \"For the past three month, Daniel and I have been getting to know each other. As you know, my eighteenth birthday was three weeks ago. We dicided to wait till that day to start dating,\" Tommy explains. \"I wanted you to know, since you're my best friend and cover up.\" Sue nods at him, but continues to not say anything. All of this is what she's expected for awhile. \"I wanted you to know, because I think I'm going to come out gay soon,\" Tommy revels. That is what took Sue by surprise. She had always expected Tommy to settle down with a guy. That being said, she expected that to occur once high school was over. She never expected Tommy to come out gay in high school. \"Tommy, you know that I'll always support you, but it could be dangerous to come out gay. All of a sudden you'll be the freak at school. People will start to bully and tease you.\" Sue replies. \"I know that Sue however, I also know that I'll always have you by my side. I also know that there's not much more of our senior year left,\" Tommy explains. Sue wants to try to talk him out of it, but she knows. That he's already made up his mind. She will instead be the best friends she is and support him a hundred and ten percent. \"Last but not least, I think you should ask Carrie to go to the dance with you.\" Tommy slowly says. \"I know that it sounds crazy, but I want you to be happy and if Carrie makes you happy then you should be with her at the big dance.\" Sue doesn't reply for minutes. I will become the laughing stock of the school. But I'll be happy. I'll be bullied and harassed. But I'll have Tommy to protect me. \"Okay,\" is the first thing she says. \"But you have to protect me from the bullies if it gets too bad.\" Tommy looks shocked for a moment, having expected it to take a lot more convincing. Then he smiles. He stands up and the picks her up into a bear hug. \"This is great Sue. Soon we'll both be happy and we won't have to hide our true selves.\" Sue can't help, but smile and agree. Then she asks him when she should ask Carrie. \"Ask her on Monday,\" he says. Knowing that prom is soon, she agrees. Hours later she leaves his house feeling like a new person. Please review if you have a chance. Bye. ","Summary":" Auther's Note:This is my very first story, so expect some mistakes. Disclaimer: I do not own Carrie"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Medieval Marriage","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13248442","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, viewers! Another request, another story! This one has been asked to be written by another resident of our beloved site here, 'anyadouc45', whom is the penname of the resident. It's a Quest For Camelot story as you may have seen from the description. This is one short story, but I hope you all like it! Many thanks! -Traveler. -In the land of England, at the heart of Camelot's homeland- King Arthur is a 40 years old man and he's in love deeply with Lady Amelia, who is the 2nd daughter of Sir Lionel and Lady Juliana and sister of Kayley. Amelia's in love deeply with Arthur as well and Amelia is 22 years old. King Arthur has golden-brown hair which is slightly silver at the ends over his ears, and beard. He has warm blue eyes, and his skin is pale tan. He usually wears a light blue shirt under a dark blue tunic, dark blue trousers, and brown shoes, and of course, Excalibur upon his right hip in a scabbard. Amelia has waist long brown hair which is like a beautiful waterfall upon her back, and she has bright blue eyes that shine wonderfully under the sun, and her skin is flawless warm tan. She mostly takes after her mother in the eyes and face structure while she received her hair color from her father. She usually wears a wonderful pink dress which has been made by her mother's hands. One day, it was winter and it was Amelia's birthday and King Arthur knew of her birthday for years, and said to his knights, \"I have an idea, gentlemen. I'll propose to Lady Amelia to marry me and become the queen of Camelot.\". Everyone cheered and rejoiced at the king's words. Arthur and the knights then mounted their horses and went to Lady Amelia's home which is on the coast, a 2-3 day trip from Camelot. A few days later, Amelia saw the knights since they came a little earlier then the king, and she welcomed them to her house and thanked them for their congratulations on her birthday. She then sat alone reading a book, and she was missing the king, the man she loved the most. Her mother, Lady Juliana and her father Sir Lionel were baking a Christmas cake and saw their daughter sitting in the chair, looking wistful as if she's missing the king. They smiled softly at each other, glancing at Amelia with nostalgia, replying, \"Ah, young love.\". Suddenly, Amelia heard a voice behind her, \"My lady, I'm sorry that I'm late. I just needed some time to find a present.\". Amelia turned around as she got up from the chair in surprise, and saw her dear king. She ran to hug him, smiling happily with tears, and she replied in delight, \"Oh, my dear Arthur, it's okay. The important thing here is that you came! Thank you for the present.\". They then headed out to take a bit of fresh air while maintaining their conversation. Sir Lionel wanted to hear the conversation which his daughter and the king were having, but his wife scolded him playfully, \"Lionel, dear husband, manners! Let them speak.\". He pouted and closed the windows to bake the cake while the king asked, \"Oh, my lovely Amelia. Remember how we met when we were young, I as a young adult and you were a preteen, and that we were destined to rule?\". Amelia spoke warmly as she was moved to tears, \"Yes, my dear Arthur, I remember that day very well. It was the happiest moment in my life and even now, it is.\". He chuckled warmly, smiling at her, \"The same goes to me, my dear Amelia. I love you, and I want to make you happy. Your beauty is topping Aphrodite's.\". Amelia cooed at that, and Sir Lionel opened the windows again. His daughter called out happily, \"Father, my lover told me that my beauty is topping Aphrodite's!\". Sir Lionel rolled his eyes as he's amused, and said to his wife, \"Typical.\". Lady Juliana laughed at her husband's comment, amused as she called out, \"We'll let you two continue your talk.\". She then tugged Sir Lionel back inside, and Kayley laughed at the pouting expression of their father and she called out happily. \"Sir, I believe it's time!\". A beautiful melody began to play and it was called 'Once Upon A Dream' and the king asked politely as he bowed before Amelia, \"My lady, will you offer me a dance?\". Amelia smiled happily, replying, \"Yes, my dear Arthur.\", taking King Arthur's hand gracefully. They then waltzed the entire hour as the music played. Sir Lionel was looking out of the windows again despite Lady Juliana's scolding. After the music ended, Amelia asked the king contently, \"Tonight was a beautiful night, wasn't it, my dear Arthur?.\". King Arthur answered with a serene look, \"Perhaps i could make the night even more beautiful for you.\". He then got down on one knee, and took her hands in his gently as he asked nervously yet excitedly, \"My dear Amelia, daughter of sir Lionel and Lady Juliana, you're a beautiful woman, kindhearted, loyal to Camelot and to me. Forgive me as I might be a king but now I'm a humble old man asking you to marry me. Will you become my wife?\". Amelia was moved to tears, and hugging the king in happiness, \"Oh, my dear Arthur! Yes, of course! I'll marry you!\". The knights, Sir Lionel, Lady Juliana and Kayley applauded and cheered as the king and Amelia kissed. The next morning, Amelia was looking herself in the mirror, wearing a beautiful white gown with a beautiful white rose pinned in her hair, and white shoes upon her feet. Her mother called out from downstairs, waiting for her, \"Amelia, darling, are you ready?\". Amelia called back happily to her mom, \"Be down in a sec, mother!\". When Amelia came down, she looked so gorgeous in her wedding dress, and soon she, her mother, father and sister jumped into a carriage and headed towards Camelot. A couple of days later, a knight saw them and called out, \"It's Lady Amelia and family! Lower the drawbridge!\". The carriage stops in the courtyard, and Sir Lionel helps his daughter out of the carriage. He asked tearfully with a happy smile, \"Are you ready, my darling daughter?\". Amelia nodded, and they made it into the castle, through the hallways. The doors of the round table tower opened to reveal her and her father coming inside. King Arthur looked gobsmacked at Amelia's beauty, and forgetting that he was 40 years old nor the king, he ran to her. He then scooped Amelia in his arms, and carried her to where Merlin is. The marriage ceremony was beautifully done, and Amelia married the king, and she became Queen Amelia of Camelot.[Chapter 2] -Epilogue- Two years has passed since King Arthur and Queen Amelia's marriage ceremony. There has been rumors of Ruber returning to England, and destroying everything in his path, which convinced the royals to protect Camelot very insistently especially as Queen Amelia is heavily pregnant with their first child. Sir Lionel's property was invaded as soon as Ruber returned with his goons, with the griffin stealing Excalibur. Garrett may have been blind, but he had heard the chaos of the griffin. With Ayden the falcon, Garrett understood that Excalibur was in the Enchanted Forest. He went into there only for a day before Kayley came into the Forest, escaping from the mutated goons of Ruber. With Ayden's help, Kayley and Garrett went to find Excalibur, meeting Devon and Cornwall, and also falling in love during the journey while Sir Lionel and Lady Juliana was kept up in the cart in the alternative way to Camelot. Meanwhile, King Arthur was upset that he's helpless to protect his wife and child without Excalibur, but he realized that he could protect them in other ways. After Ruber's successful attempt to take Excalibur, with Kayley and Garrett tied up as well, Camelot was soon taken over. Kayley and Garrett warned that it was a trap, and working together, they escaped the goons, but in the chaos, they were temporarily separated, and when Kayley was cornered, Devon and Cornwall came to her rescue in time, flying and breathing fire much to their happiness for Ayden helped them. Garrett reunited with Kayley, and they made it to the stable secret tunnel, where King Arthur was fighting Ruber while Queen Amelia was right there as well, being in labor for a while as one of the goons found her in another place, brought her to the tower. Seeing Ruber, the stress, the chaos had caused her to be into labor then, and King Arthur wanted to be there with her, but being threatened and injured further by Ruber has distracted him. Garrett immediately went over to Queen Amelia while Kayley went up into the shafts, and then went to stop Ruber. Garrett carried Queen Amelia as close as he could to King Arthur's spot. He then left the pair to go help Kayley stop Ruber, and the love between the royals were strong as Queen Amelia then gave birth at King Arthur's encouragement. At the same time when Excalibur hit the Stone, a baby's cry pierced the air, and as if the Stone felt the echoing of that cry, it became stronger than ever before, aiding Excalibur as the sword's sentiment, wanting its owner's child to be safe forever, and together, they destroyed Ruber with the co-joined powers, and the aftershocks of the powers healed all known abnormalities in the vicinity. Garrett's blindness became healed, King Arthur's injured arm became healed, and Sir Lionel's wound amidst the battle became healed as well. And so, Kayley, Garrett, Devon, Cornwall, and Ayden was the next first people ever to see the newborn princess as Queen Amelia's carrying her protectively, watching her husband to re-take Excalibur out of the Stone. Two days later, the christening of the princess happened, and all of Camelot came to know that her name's Briar Rose, and that she has dark brown hair which was presumed to be combined from her parents' hair colors, and she had received her mother's bright blue eyes, and she received her father's pale tan skin tone. On the same day, a tad later on, the knighting/marriage ceremony of Kayley and Garrett was executed beautifully as well. Sir Garrett and Lady Kayley then headed off to their honeymoon, with Kayley's family members watching them go with happiness and hope. Another year passed peacefully, and Briar Rose grew into a little beauty, soon meeting her new cousin, a son of Lady Kayley and Sir Garrett. Grant was his name, and he has his mother's auburn hair color, his father's tan skin tone, and his grandmother Juliana's violet eyes. Years passed, and the cousins became best friends. Briar Rose was clearly taking after her mother in appearance, yet she's like her father and aunt in personality as she's a tomboy despite being the princess of Camelot. Grant took after his father in appearance, but he's like his mother and grandfather in personality as he's a squire, being the son of two knights. King Arthur and Queen Amelia continued on to rule Camelot until their daughter married a respectable man in the baker's son, and Grant married a kind woman in another knight's daughter. And so, the reign of King Arthur came to a end, and beginning with Briar Rose's reign as Queen of Camelot. ","Summary":" Hello, viewers! Another request, another story! This one has been asked to be written by another re"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Evaine and Kayley's Quest for Camelot","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12758205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Based on an RP with AnnaleaseTurner, we only own our OC's. Read & Review. It was another sunny day on the farm near the beach. A family rode along on horses to the beach and the eldest girl, Kayley, who was about twelve, stood up on her horse's back when they stopped. She was wearing a tunic and leggings rather than a dress, and a blue cape. \"Father!\" She called out. The mother of the girls, Julianna, got off her horse and then helped her youngest daughter from the horse. \"There we are, Guinevere.\" she smiled. \"Thank you, Mother.\" the girl said softly, before clinging to her mother's dress, a bit wobbly from the ride. She was about ten years old, and looked almost exactly like her mother only with her father's brown eyes. And unlike Kayley, she was wearing a dress, holding herself as properly as a noble lady should. The father named Lionel chuckled as he stood in front of Kayley's horse and held out his arms for her as she stood on her horse to jump into his open arms. Kayley jumped into his arms, laughing. Julianna walked down the path with Guinevere. Guinevere watched her father and sister with a soft smile. Lionel laughed as he carried Kayley before the two tumbled down together playfully and rolled down together. \"Father, do you really have to go?\" Kayley asked him. Guinevere knelt politely nearby her father and sister. Julianna watched and smiled. \"I'm afraid I must, Kayley,\" Lionel softly told her. \"You know The King's knights will be here soon.\" \"Tell me again why you became a knight.\" Kayley asked her father. Lady Juliana gave a soft laugh. \"Kayley, you've heard it a thousand times!\" She smiled. \"Oh, please, Mother, I want to hear about King Arthur again too.\" Guinevere begged. \"It's fine, dear,\" Lionel smiled to his wife before he drew in the ground to give a visual. \"Well, my daughters, before you were born, the land was dark and treacherous...\"The people stood divided, brother fighting brother. The only hope for peace was in the legend of Excalibur, for it was said that only the true king could pull the magical sword from its stone and unite the people.\" Kayley and Guinevere both smiled to their father. Julianna sat down on the sand too. She remembered how it was when Kayley was born, those two years were worrisome for her, though luckily, Kayley didn't seem to remember the worry, before Guinevere was born. \"Many tried, all failed. then, on the very day you were born, Kayley, an unexpected hero stepped forth, his name was Arthur, and he was that true king,\" Lionel continued as he smiled to his lovely wife and two daughters. \"With Excalibur at his side he led us out of the darkness, and together we built the greatest kingdom on earth, everyone rejoiced.\" Kayley giggled and pulled Guinevere to dance with her. \"Camelot!\" She giggled. Guinevere actually danced along, giggling too. She did love to dance. Julianna smiled as she watched them. \"And so these three rings represent the unity of our people,\" Lionel continued as he used his shield as a demonstration as it seemed to show three interlocked rings. \"As a knight I took an oath to protect Camelot, King Arthur, and Excalibur.\" A horn sounded not to far away. \"The knights are here.\" Kayley grinned and got up from the ground. Julianna helped Guinevere up and they all went up to their horses and mounted them. Guinevere sat properly in the saddle, careful not to have her dress wrinkle. She would miss her father, but knew he always returned to them. \"I must go now, girls, The King has summoned his knights for a special day in Camelot, goodbye.\" Lionel told his family before kissing his wife and he soon went over to ride off. Kayley rode her horse after him. \"I'm coming with you, Daddy!\" She exclaimed. Guinevere started to follow too, holding out two clean silken handkerchieves. \"Daddy, please take this to Arthur, and tnere is one for you for a safe journey!\" She exclaimed. One handkerchief was pure white with the inital A on it along with a crown, and the other was a light blue with F for Father on the corner, she had made these herself. \"Yes, when you are old enough Kayley, I will take you to Camelot, I promise,\" Lionel told Kayley before smiling to Guinevere. \"Thank you, Guinevere, I shall deliver them with great care. I love you both.\" Kayley smiled happily. \"One day, I will be a knight, like Father.\" She said. Guinevere returned to their mother's side too. \"Maybe you could be my knight, Kayley.\" she agreed, with a sweet smile to her older sister. \"Let's go!\" Lionel told his fellow knights as he soon rode off with them to where they were needed. Julianna led her family back to their house. And then they set to waiting until Lionel would return to them in six days or so. The days passed and Kayley was showing her friend how to joust on the practice dummy she had made. Guinevere was helping her mother sweep snow from the path, though wearing a thick cloak to ward off the cold as her body got more prone to illness during the cold months. She gasped as she heard neighing and turned to look at the gate. Lionel didn't seem to come back yet which worried his family of course. Julianna looked curious. Kayley ran forwards, pulling Guinevere along too, excited her father was back not meaning to look like she was ignoring Evaine though. She smiled looking up at the Knights looking for her father. Guinevere looked too and was the first to notice the ox pulling a cart that had a body on it. \"No!\" She cried out and dropped to her knees. \"Miss Guinevere?\" Evaine asked curiously and worriedly. The ox may not had expressed himself much, but even he looked grim for the sisters and their mother. Julianna's eyes widened. \"No...\" Kayley gasped when she noticed, shaking her head. Guinevere covered her eyes with her hands with a quiet delicate sob. \"What's happening?\" Evaine asked. The ox looked regretful for the women of Sir Lionel's family. Soon, the knights built a stone coffin for Sir Lionel and laid his body to rest. Julianna stood nearby, holding Kayley's hand in one hand and Guinevere's with another. Kayley held Evaine's hand as tears streaked down her cheeks. Guinevere stood beside her mother, her own tears visible in her eyes but not able to fall. She may have been the youngest, but she held herself straight deciding that as the one who was planned to be the future queen she would hold it together for her family. She looked up at the King, sad but strong. Evaine sniffled as she felt so bad for Kayley and Guinevere, but especially Lady Julianna. Even if she didn't exactly know the man, she felt like she missed him just as much as she did with her own heart aching, after all, she was a little misplaced in the world. Arthur looked sad for Guinevere and decided to go and comfort her. Julianna let her youngest daughter go to the King. Kayley held her friend's hand tightly. Guinevere stepped forwards and curtseyed to the King as he approached. \"My dear Guinevere.\" Arthur bowed royally. Guinevere looked up to the King. \"My Liege, how did my f-father die?\" She asked, her voice trying to be brave, but cracking a little over the word 'father'. She placed one of her currently tiny hands on the top of one of his. \"Are you sure want me to tell you?\" Arthur asked just to make sure before he would make this day any worse for her and her family. \"Please.\" Guinevere nodded, then moving her other hand so she was squeezing one of his between both her hands. \"As you wish,\" Arthur gently told her. \"I'm afraid there was a disagreement at the Round Table. Your father sacrificed himself to save me.\" Guinevere closed her eyes, a few tears escaping, before she opened them again. \"A-At least he d-died protecting his K-King.\" she said quietly, squeezing his hand for strength not to cry. \"Yes...\" Arthur replied. \"I am so sorry.\" Guinevere pressed a kiss to his ring in thanks. Arthur bowed his head gently and comfortingly for Guinevere as he knew this had to be hard on her and her sister. \"My Liege, I promise you, I will grow to be someone worthy for you.\" Guinevere whispered. \"Your affections flatter me enough, but I appreciate your ventures.\" Arthur whispered back. Guinevere gave a watery smile to him. Arthur smiled back in comfort. \"I'm so sorry.\" Evaine softly said to Kayley. Julianna wiped her tears away. Kayley looked at Evaine. \"Stay by my side?\" She asked quietly, needing her friend closeby a while. \"I will.\" Evaine promised Kayley. Julianna took a look at her daughters, then nodded to the King. They were brave enough for this. Kayley gave a tiny smile, but it faded, though she was grateful for her friend. Evaine smiled sadly back. \"Are you gonna be a knight though?\" she then asked. Julianna accepted the dented shield that was passed to her by one of the Knights. Kayley looked to her friend and nodded. \"Maybe I could join you!\" Evaine beamed hopefully as she looked eager to begin her very own adventure. Julianna held the shield lovingly. Kayley looked sad, but gave another small smile. She, however, went to pay respects to her father. \"I'll let you alone right now then.\" Evaine decided for Kayley's sake. \"Thank you, I'll be back in a little while.\" she whispered. She then went to her father's grave, caressed the circle's a little, then couldn't resist running to her horse and crying into his mane fringe. Evaine nodded as she waited for Kayley since this was more of a personal family moment. Kayley then went to a small pond and looked at her reflection. Evaine wished there was something she could do to help Kayley and Guinevere. Soon enough, the King and his knights left and Julianna looked sadly at the shield. \"Milady, my wife and I have known you for a while, your daughters are good friends to our daughter, so if you'll allow us a place to live, we would love to help you out here.\" Evaine's father told Julianna. Guinevere came to join Evaine and her sister. \"Better?\" Evaine gently asked Kayley as she stood between her and Guinevere. Kayley sniffled but nodded. \"I will grow like my father wanted me to, but every year, I'll renew this vow right here.\" she said quietly but firmly. Guinevere nodded. \"When I'm Queen, you shall be my knight,\" she told Kayley, then glanced up at Evaine. \"Are you going to be a knight too?\" She asked quietly. \"Yes!\" Evaine beamed as she took out her own sword, though it wasn't a real one and she had made it herself. \"When I grow up, I'm gonna be the best knight there ever was while fighting alongside Kayley!\" Kayley actually giggled to that. Guinevere nodded solemnly. \"Adventure Time!\" Evaine announced for herself. Julianna accepted the terms and soon, ten years passed. Kayley looked to Evaine with a smile. \"This year is the year.\" she told her, now a young woman with her hair tied in a ponytail. Guinevere was sitting on a high rock nearby, writing something on the Book of Parchment she had. \"This will be quite a noble quest and venture for us both.\" Evaine agreed in excitement. \"Girls, what are you up to?\" Evaine's mother asked as she was about to hand wash laundry. \"Doing our chores and practicing.\" Kayley smiled. Guinevere hummed quietly as she wrote, gazing out at the sea, now and then. She tucked her long dark brown hair behind her ears and continued to write. \"That's nice, but make sure you get them all done in time.\" Evaine's mother replied. \"Yes, Mother.\" Evaine said respectively for her mother. \"Of course, ma'am.\" Kayley agreed. She then looked up at her sister. Guinevere's chores were recently dwindled to evening chores as she spent her days practicing all she would need to be Queen. However, today she had been allowed a day off, but would still have to do the evening chores. Evaine's mother then picked up any clothes she found and went off to clean them. \"All right, chores first, and then adventure.\" Evaine replied. Kayley nodded, and started to do her chores with Evaine. Guinevere smiled sadly after she finished her writing. She then gently closed the book. Evaine sighed as she was forced to do chores, but she put up with it to appease her parents.[Chapter 2] Later that evening, after the chores and practicing, Kayley heard the horn that was sounded as Excaliber was stolen. \"Excaliber has been stolen!\" She exclaimed as she ran into the house. She then started to explain that she and Evaine could go find the sword. Guinevere was at the stew pot but stood up to go and do her evening chores, looking worried for Arthur as she did. \"I'll go collect the eggs now.\" she said softly. She then went outside to do just that. \"No! Absolutely not!\" Julianna told the two headstrong girls. Kayley looked at her. \"But Mother, Excalibur is missing. Evaine and I must go after it.\" She told her. Lady Julianna shook her head, looking up from the plain white dress she was making for Kayley. \"That's a job for knights, not for two young girls.\" she told them. Evaine's father nodded, though he was actually secretly agreeing with the girls while cleaning the shield carefully. \"But we want to become knights!\" Evaine told Lady Juliana. \"We'll be on adventures and rescuing damsels!\" \"No buts, girls, now come over here and try on your dresses.\" Evaine's mother sharply scolded. \"What is a damsel, anyway?\" Kayley wondered only to be forced into the dress. Julianna put the simple white dress over Kayley's head, with help from Evaine's mother then did the same to Evaine. \"Now, Kayley, Evaine, stand still, and try on your new dresses.\" she told them. Kayley struggled. \"Mother! I don't want a new dress. I want to save Camelot. If you'd just let me, I know I'd find Excalibur with Evaine.\" she said. \"I don't want a dress either!\" Evaine agreed with Kayley. \"The knights will find the sword, and they'll do it by working together.\" Evaine's mother slightly scolded the girls. \"While we work here. Doing the chores, fetching the eggs, taking care of the house! Boring! Where's the glory in that?\" Kayley sighed. Julianna looked to her daughter. \"Kayley... One day, you will learn,\" she started before putting her hands on Kayley's shoulders, then placed a hand on Kayley's cheek, \"What Camelot means. Till then, you'll stay here with me.\" She told her eldest. \"You will do the same, Evaine.\" Evaine's mother included. \"Yes, Mother.\" Evaine sighed as she tried to resist smart-mouthing her mother. \"Oh, alright.\" Kayley sighed and chucked the dress from herself and ran upstairs. Julianna sighed softly. \"What would you do?\" She asked the tapestry picture of her husband. The tapestry was of her, Kayley, Guinevere, and Lionel. \"I'm sorry, Juliana...\" Evaine's mother cooed as she knew this had to be hard on her. Evaine soon went to join Kayley. Julianna gave a soft smile and picked up the dress. Kayley looked at Evaine. \"How am I meant to do what Father wanted if Mother won't let me try?\" She asked her friend. \"How are we both gonna be knights just by doing silly chores and acting like proper ladies?\" Evaine agreed. Kayley nodded. Evaine nodded back. \"At least we have each other.\" Guinevere carefully went to each hens' nest to pick up the eggs and put them carefully in the basket. \"I'll make you proud Father, I won't forget the things you told me.\" she whispered to air as she did. One hen woke up and glanced toward Guinevere. \"Hello, Penny.\" Guinevere smiled softly to the chicken. The hen seemed to cluck a greeting to Guinevere. Guinevere heard clucking outside and stepped out only to catch the rooster. \"You silly chickens.\" she chuckled softly and then entered the coop again to finish collecting the eggs. The rooster seemed to smirk toward Guinevere. Guinevere shook her head fondly and pet the bird's back. She picked up an egg to put in the basket. A shadow appeared on the wall which startled the chickens. Guinevere turned slightly and gasped, dropping the egg as she saw a rather scary looking knight-like person. The flaming arrows shoot through the house's windows. A large flame explodes behind the doors knocking them down. A few more flaming arrows break through the windows, one of them lands on the table, scaring Juliana and Evaine's mother. Then several barbaric men charge through the doorway. \"Knock, knock?\" A red armored man with a horn helmet greeted menacingly. Julianna looked shocked then got her bearings back. \"Who... Who are you?\" She glared. Kayley heard the noise and then snuck down perking from the stairwell. The man grinned as he removed his helmet to show himself as none other than Sir Ruber. Evaine stayed close beside Kayley for safety as they went to scope this out together. \"Ruber!\" Julianna glared. She was a bit worried for Guinevere though. Kayley glanced at her friend. \"Go get the maces.\" she whispered. \"Julianna, I was in the neighborhood, and I thought I'd invade,\" Ruber grinned as he approached the woman as he placed his hand under her chin. \"How about a kiss? I hear you're still single... Blanche can be your maid of honor.\" \"Watch it!\" Evaine's mother glared slightly. Evaine saluted Kayley and soon dashed off to do just that. Julianna wrenched herself away from him, slapping his hand away. \"Impertinant pig!\" She exclaimed, disgusted. Evaine's father, William looked nervous, but also glared, he couldn't help it it was a reason he could never have been a knight. Kayley watched carefully. \"Is that a no?\" Ruber replied innocently. \"Make him get out of here.\" Blanche told her dear friend Juliana. Evaine soon found the maces and went on her way back to Kayley. \"I'm gonna cut that Sir Ruber a new one!\" she then promised darkly. \"I demand you leave... Immediately!\" Julianna ordered. \"Just wait.\" Kayley whispered. \"So rude!\" Ruber mocked. \"And after I came all this way. Just to see you.\" Blanche glared at Ruber with Juliana. Evaine nodded as she stayed with Kayley, though handed her her mace. \"What do you want?\" Julianna asked him sharply. Kayley took the mace with a grateful nod. \"Camelot,\" Ruber replied simply before approaching Evaine's father who tried to look brave, but instead was rather cowardly. \"Let's go back to war and violence. I'm so bored with peace and, 'SILENCE! '~\" Evaine nodded back to Kayley. William had nervously dropped a cup before going over to his wife and taking her shoulders in a soothing way. Kayley looked nervously for Guinevere. \"Oh, William~\" Blanche cooed to her husband to comfort him. Evaine glared since Ruber was scaring her father like that. \"Knights of Evil filled with fear,\" Ruber mocked as he took Sir Lionel's shield above the mantelpiece and was about to fling it to smash it. \"Your worst dream, that's my idea of fun! [He flings the shield across the table.\" William squeezed his wife's shoulders. Julianna caught the shield before it could fly too far. \"You're mad!\" She stated angrily, but took the shield and carefully put it out of harms way. Kayley glared at Ruber too, from where they were hiding waiting to attack. Blanche cooed to her husband in comfort even if he was scared nearly to death. \"I'm so glad you noticed! I've been working at it for years!\" Ruber replied almost as though he was flattered. \"Let darkness find its sad ways, Let's go back to good old bad days~,\" He stamps his foot on the table, which makes a sword on the end of the table fly across the room before catching the sword. \"No more foolish acts of kindness, Arthur and his kingdom... Will be mine! And pretty Juliana... You're going to help me.\" \"I would sooner die!\" Julianna retorted, not willing to help him overthrow the King. Kayley was proud of her mother. Evaine was a little nervous of how Ruber would react to that. \"I think you'll find YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO RESIST! \" Ruber replied sharply before beheading Kayley's head on the tapestry with his sword to make Juliana get the point of his vicious demands. Julianna gasped. Two thugs came and grabbed Julianna's arms. Another two thugs brought a struggling Guinevere inside. \"Mother!\" Guinevere gasped out in worry and fear as she was dragged inside of the house. Ruber laughs and gives his sword to one of his men. Blanche gasped as she feared for her dear friend Juliana and her family. The two thugs holding Guinevere threw her at Ruber's feet. \"Guin!\" Kayley gasped in a whisper. Guinevere landed with a yelp but tried to stand up. \"Don't you dare harm her!\" Julianna exclaimed breaking free of her captors only to be grabbed again. \"Follow my plan.\" Ruber replied coldly. 'Come on.\" Evaine told Kayley as she held her mace. Guinevere went to slap Ruber, following her mother's example. Kayley nodded and charged, her mace ready. One of the thugs caught Kayley's mace by the handle. \"And she won't be hurt.\" Ruber then finished with a smirk. \"Evaine!\" Blanche shrieked. Evaine glared as she looked ready to fight. Guinevere managed to hit her target with her slap. Kayley yelped a little too as the thug tugged her back and held her still. \"Years from now, no one will bother, to recall your good King Arthur, because all of this will be mine!\" Ruber grinned darkly. \"This will all be mine!\" Blanche stood with William, not leaving his side because she knew how scared and nervous he felt. \"Leave Kayley alone!\" Evaine demanded. Guinevere was shocked her slap had no effect. The thugs pulled all the ones in tne house out into the courtyard. Julianna scowled at Ruber. Kayley was held next to her mother and Evaine. Ruber grinned darkly as it seemed like things were going her way now. \"Evaine!\" Blanche yelped. \"Mother!\" Evaine cried back with tears in her eyes. \"Go to Camelot. Warn Arthur.\" Julianna whispered to Evaine and Kayley as the girls got free. Kayley hid behind her Mother. \"I won't leave you and Guin here.\" She whispered. \"Yes, Evaine, go, but be safe.\" William whispered to his Daughter. Guinevere looked worried from where she was being held in view, but further away from her family and even the servants. \"But what about you and Mother?\" Evaine frowned worriedly to her parents. \"It's best that you go,\" Blanche urged. \"Ruber will be in Camelot in three days. Take the main road. Get there before us.\" \"Go, while you have the chance,\" Julianna whispered. \"Go, Kayley, Evaine you're our only hope.\" Kayley bit her lip, but then pulled Evaine through a hole in the wall. \"Be careful, dears.\" Julianna whispered to the girls. Guinevere glared at Ruber. Blanche soothed William as they stayed behind with Juliana. Evaine took a deep breath with tears in her eyes before going to join Kayley on the quest for Camelot. Ruber laughed darkly before looking down to Guinevere. \"Ah, you look as lovely as your own mother~\" Guinevere looked up to Ruber. \"Well, I thank you for the compliment, but I'm not for you... I was promised to the King.\" she said, possibly to polite to a fault, but beyond that first slap, she couldn't hate anybody too deeply. \"I know, but I'm more interested in your mother.\" Ruber smirked. \"My mother will never be with you.\" Guinevere glared to him. \"You'll see~\" Ruber glared back. Guinevere glared to him. Julianna overheard all of this. \"I will never be with you.\" she told him, firmly. \"To the wagons!\" Ruber commanded. One of the thugs grabbed the female chicken and shoved her in a cage. Julianna was pulled towards the lead cart. Guinevere closed her eyes, a tear running down her cheek for Arthur. She hoped he was alright. She then had an idea to distract Ruber a bit and hoped everyone would forgive her. Kayley snuck off with Evaine. \"We'll use mine and Guinevere's horses.\" she whispered. \"I sure hope everything will be okay,\" Evaine frowned. \"Even if Mother stifled my adventure aspirations, I'm worried about her.\" Kayley gave a weak smile, then gasped as a Griffin approached. \"A griffin!\" Evaine gasped. Kayley pulled her to hide. Evaine went with Kayley as they now had a job to do for their friends and family. Evaine and Kayley escaped together only to be stopped from the griffin from before. The Griffin flew to the ledge. Evaine hid with Kayley so that the griffin wouldn't notice them. The Griffin landed, then his pupils turned to a normal size. \"Next stop: Camelot!\" Ruber demanded as he climbs up the slope up to the stone ledge. Guinevere stopped the thugs holding her. \"Just a moment, I need to talk to Ruber.\" she said softly. The thugs glared slightly. \"Oh, if she wishes to speak with me, let her go, boys.\" Ruber told his men. Guinevere rubbed her arms, both from the ache and nervousness. She let out a small whimper as the Griffin landed though, stopping her own approach in fear. \"My faithful pet,\" Ruber smiled to the griffin before he gave a look toward Guinevere as he wondered what she wanted now. \"How was the flight? Panic sweeps across the land.\" \"Precisely.\" The griffin nodded. He then gave a nod to Guinevere to show she could approach. Guinevere came closer slowly. \"I'll let you finish talking with the Griffin first.\" she said softly. \"My plan is perfect.\" Ruber smirked smugly. \"Precisely.\" The griffin nodded. Guinevere was trying to get her nerves under control so she could seem secure in what she would say. \"Without the sword, Arthur is vulnerable.\" Ruber continued. The Griffin smirked. \"Precisely.\" he agreed again. Guinevere flinched slightly at that statement. \"And now Excalibur, is mine.\" Ruber turned around with an evil grin. The Griffin flinched and turned around slightly, with a worried noise. \"Here's where we enter a gray area.\" He said. Guinevere hid her hopeful smile. Ruber soon turned suspiciously upon hearing that. \"Mm-hmm... Excuse me?\" He then grabbed the griffin by his neck. \"You lost Excalibur? How?!\" \"I was attacked by a falcon.\" The Griffin gasped. Guinevere, not liking any animal or creature hurt, grabbed Ruber's wrist. \"Don't hurt him!\" She ordered. Ruber glared toward Guinevere as he soon let go of griffin as he was frustrated and anger by the 'pathetic' excuse from his animal sidekick. The Griffin looked surprised. Guinevere looked both scared and determined. \"Th-There's no need to hurt him.\" she told him, letting go off his wrist as if burnt after he let go. \"He's mine, let me worry about him,\" Ruber scowled at Guinevere before also insulting his griffin. \"My magnificent beast outmatched by a puny, little pigeon.\" \"It wasn't a pigeon,\" The griffin complained. \"It was a falcon, with silver wings.\" Kayley was listening in quietly, though almost revealed herself as she wanted to defend her sister. Guinevere straightened her sleeves nervously, but then gave a small smile. She knew of the falcon. \"'Silver wings'?\" Ruber mocked. \"Ooh, scary!\" He grabs hold of the Griffin by the ear and pulls him to his level, whilst doing so, parts of his hair gets into his face before fixing his hair back up. \"You stupid animal! Where is the sword now?\" Evaine stood close beside Kayley in a slight panic. \"A place of untold danger.\" The griffin told him. Guinevere slapped Ruber's arm. \"Let him go!\" She ordered. Kayley settled down a bit. \"The Forbidden Forest...\" Ruber replied to the griffin before glaring to Guinevere. \"Ah, ah, ah, don't be a naughty little minx~\" \"Quick, to the barn.\" Evaine whispered to Kayley. Kayley nodded and followed. \"You take Guin's horse.\" she told her once they were in the stable. \"Thank you.\" Evaine nodded back. Guinevere managed to get the Griffin free while moving inbetween him and Ruber. \"Remember, I wanted to talk to you.\" she told him, to distract him from the Griffin. \"What is it?\" Ruber impatiently asked Guinevere. Guinevere hated herself for this but knew it was needed to keep her family safe until they could stop Ruber. \"From birth, I have been raised to be the wife of the King, if you plan on taking over, that would make you the King... If you manage it, and promise not to hurt my family, I will submit to you, but if you hurt my family or fail, I will not have to submit... After all, my mother has already had a husband and will never agree to be with you, I am untouched.\" she told him, quietly. The Griffin blinked and decided if he would have to stay with his Master, he would like it if this woman would be around too, he would less likely be hurt that way. \"And what are you going to do about that?\" Ruber mocked. Guinevere took a breath to steel her nerves then looked up at him. \"If you succeed in your plan, then it means I'll be yours as long as you don't hurt my family... And I still am a Maiden.\" she said quietly. The Griffin couldn't resist an evil smirk. \"Oh, do you realize what you've just agreed to, my dear?\" Ruber grinned wickedly to that offer as it was simply too juicy to refuse. Guinevere looked up at him, a bit confused. She knew what she had offered, but what did he mean 'she agreed to'? \"What do you think, my griffin?\" Ruber asked before he would finalize this arrangement with Guinevere. \"It's a good idea, Master... You'll need a mate when you are King after all.\" The griffin smirked. He moved so he was surrounding Guinevere from behind so the girl couldn't run away. \"I have to agree...\" Ruber actually agreed with the griffin, even if he was crudely insulting him before. \"What chance do you possibly have to win your arrangement, my dear Guinevere?\" The Griffin smirked. \"Well, either way, my family will be safe.\" Guinevere told him, she was sure they could win, but even if it happened to not, then her family would be safe. \"Very well,\" Ruber grinned darkly. \"Just know you have a very low chance of winning this wager.\" The Griffin nudged her into Ruber. Guinevere gasped and stumbled right into Ruber. Ruber smirked as he put his arm around her. The Griffin blinked. Guinevere hid a cringe, but straightened herself out. Kayley then burst out of the stable, her horse running along the road. Evaine joined as she was right behind Kayley on Guinevere's horse. Kayley clung to her horse as they galloped off. Evaine looked around as they escaped to go on their quest to Camelot. \"I hope you know what you're getting into.\" Ruber taunted Guinevere. \"Kayley...\" Guinevere mouthed as she noticed her sister riding. The horses both whinnied. Ruber immediately turned around to see Kayley and Evaine riding off on their horses toward the Forbidden Forest. \"OH! TH-THE-THE GIRLS!\" he then screamed out bloody murder before turning to his clumsy iron men. \"'You! You! And You! Fancy Feet! After them! And bring them back!\" The men and Bladebeak gave chase to Kayley and Evaine. Kayley gasped as they galloped off. Guinevere gave a smile as they went fast. 'God speed Kayley, Evaine.' she said in her mind. \"And you,\" Ruber soon grabbed onto the griffin and pulled him threateningly. \" You are going to lead me, to Excalibur!\" Evaine looked steely-eyed and determined as she was finally getting the adventure she had always wanted. The Griffin nodded. Guinevere started to back away a few steps. The two girls ended up riding towards the forbidden forest. Julianna sung a song to pray for both girls. Blanche joined in with her dear friend as she also worried about poor Evaine being out there even if she had Kayley with her. Guinevere turned, preparing to join her mother. \"Maybe you should keep your future mate close by.\" The griffin suggested to Ruber. Ruber came toward Guinevere to take her away from Julianna and Blanche. \"Sir!\" Blanche gasped out. The Griffin watched. Julianna put her arms around her daughter as if to protect her. The two men chased the girls towards the forest. \"You're coming with me, remember?\" Ruber glared slightly to Guinevere. \"Wah!\" Evaine yelped at the sudden force and took Kayley's hand as they ran off together. Julianna glared to Ruber. Guinevere actually looked surprised, she didn't know he wanted her to stay with him until after the fact, but she didn't dare argue. Blanche shook with anger and anguish that Ruber would dare stoop so low. \"I'll keep an eye on her for now, Julianna~\" Ruber taunted the mother of the girl. \"I won't allow it.\" Julianna glared. Guinevere looked up to her mother. \"Sorry, but your daughter made the deal.\" Ruber smirked. Guinevere carefully untangled herself from her mother's arms. Julianna, not knowing Guinevere's true reason and so obviously not faking, looked down at her daughter with a slightly bretrayed look. \"Isn't that right, my dear Guinevere?\" Ruber smirked. \"...Yes.\" Guinevere agreed quietly and then went to stand beside Ruber. Julianna looked aside. \"That's a good girl.\" Ruber smirked to her. Guinevere looked down. The Griffin looked to Ruber. \"Your mate can ride on my back if you prefer, Master.\" he said. \"She is with me now.\" Ruber told Julianna before picking up Guinevere in his strong grip. Guinevere gasped, as she was lifted up. The Griffin smirked. \"If you'll excuse us.\" Ruber smirked to Julianna as he held Guinevere over his shoulder. Guinevere didn't try to wiggle, not wanting to be stabbed by the spikes. Julianna looked both worried and annoyed. \"I guess we'll be off then.\" Ruber taunted Julianna and Blanche. Blanche growled, trying not to anger Ruber herself or else it might be worse for everybody. Guinevere winced as her stomach wasn't used to such rough treatment. Ruber soon went off with Guinevere. ","Summary":" A/N: Based on an RP with AnnaleaseTurner, we only own our OC's. Read & Review. It was another sunny"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Ratatouille, rats à l'amour","Author":"Myflower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11019712","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A small little rat was stroking through the sewers. It wasn't any kind of sewer, it was the sewer under Paris's. Yeah it's just another sewer to a human or another rat but to her it was a place full of undiscovered things. Around any corner was a different thing to discover. Every little sound and every smell. She had been there at least a hundreds of times and she still haven't discovered everything. She sneaked out of her colony like she usually did. She was having an argument again. She was not a rat, that's what they told her. Maybe they were right. Because if she was a rat then she would be like them. And she didn't want that. She walked a little bit further into the sewers and turned around the corner. Much to her surprise a little ball of fur was sitting at the edge of the sewer water. She quickly hid behind a pipe and looked at it. It was laying there not moving until a drop of water fell on it. It started to shiver and rolled over to reveal a grey rat. He had a pink nose and his eyes were closed. Was he alive?She carefully walked to him. \"hé petit garçon?\" She asked him carefully. He shot up from her voice and she fell backwards. She stared running away from him and hid again behind the pipe. \"No, no, no, stop I won't hurt you\" he started walking to her. She peeked around the corner and saw him walking to her. On two paws, like she always did. \"Hey... C-can you tell me where I am?\" She nodded at him very slowly. \"W-where am I?\" He asked getting closer to her. She again hid behind the pipe. \"Sorry\" he said while walking a bit back. He shook his head and walked back to his book. What was he thinking she was just a stray rat. Probably couldn't even understand him. He sat back in front of his book. Unknown to him she could easily understand him. He started looking through his book. It fascinated her. A book, a real book! Not a soaked piece of paper but a real book. She slowly started walking to him. He didn't even look up from his book until she sat next to him. He looked at her with utter shock as she just sat there fascinated by his book. She had short brown hair like his brothers but it looked softer and just a tad lighter. He shook his self out of his stare and back to his book. He flipped to the next page and heard her gasp next to him. \"Ratatouille\" he heard her say. Her accent was thick but it sounded like heaven to his ears. Indeed it was the recipe of ratatouille. \"H-have you ever taste it?\" He asked her. He then mentally cursed himself for asking. She didn't even understand him so why does he even asked. But much to his surprise he got a reply \"No\". He starred in shock at her. She did understand him. He was such an idiot. \"I'm Remi\" He asked her quietly hoping that she wouldn't shrink away like last time. \"I'm Sophia\" she shook herself away from the book and looked at him. His eyes widen at the site. Her eyes where bright blue with a small silver lining on them. A smile formed on her lips. She was mesmerized by his eyes. They had the color of the threes. Not that she ever saw them but she dreamed about them. And they would be that color. She finally looked away from him to focus back on his book. He flipped another page. It showed a couple of pastries and an fat man with a pie. Remi's stomach started to rumple so he put his hands on it. He stared in in shock at the book, more precisely the fat man. She just watched him. He looked under the page and then back to the man. \"Well, I've just lost my family, all my friends, probably forever\" he stared sad at the page. \"We'll I-\" he looked up to see her looking to him with a small smile on her lips. \"If you focus on what is behind you'll never be able to see what lies ahead.\" Gusteau whispered to him. A blush crept on his cheeks as well as hers. \"Where are we?\" He asked her awhile Gusteau nodded at him. \"You will see\" she grabbed his paw and pulled him up. His cheeks turned a deep red color from her touch. She stood up to two paws and walked over to the pipe and started climbing it. After he was recovered from the shock of seeing another rat on two feet he ran after her.[Chapter 2] They ran up into a couple pipes until they came to a human room. They both walked out of the hole and onto a counter top. Sophia walked past it while Remi started sniffing. He noticed the bread on the table and jumped at it. He started laughing and took a piece of bread. He must have been hungry to be like this. She smiled at him but stayed on guard for him. She didn't trust humans. She had seen the stores filled with death rats. A 'bang' sounded from the other room followed by laughing. They both looked at it. Remi lifted the crumb to his mouth but was scared by something and stared at thin air again. \"I'm hungry\" so she thought. \"I don't know where I am, and I don't know when I'll find food again.\" He held up the crumb. After mere seconds he looked sadly at the crumb and sighed. \"I am hungry\" he dropped the crumb and walked back to her. She gave him a reassuring smile before walking off again with him not far behind. They past a man who was painting and a man and woman who were fighting. They walked further until a gunshot sounded. She hesitated but walked back to see them kissing. She rolled her eyes and started walking again. They walked into a new room but quickly left after a dog started barking at them. Then after climbing the roof they saw the astonishing view of Paris. Remi stared in awe at it. They just both sat there close to each other just looking. \"Paris? all this time I've been underneath Paris?\" He smiled at her and she just nodded shyly. \"It's beautiful\" he whispered looking back at the view. He turned his head into the other direction and saw the restaurant. He looked stunned. \"Gusteau's? His restaurant?\" He moved more to the sign. \"You've let me to your sign?\" Sophia just crooked her head. \"I haven't let you anywhere Remi\" he shook his head \"I got to see this\" he jumped on one of the cables hanging there and ran to the roof of the restaurant. Sophia rolled her eyes but followed him with a smile. Now they sat there looking at through the glass. It smelled heavenly. All kinds of humans where walking down there. Running around with ingredients and pans. \"I can't believe it. A real gourmet kitchen and I get to watch.\" He said while laughing. She smiled at him. \"It smells so good.\" She said just as happy. He laughed at her reaction. She had some kind of enthusiasms that he wasn't used to see. She was happy with the simplest things like a book. He caught himself staring and quickly looked back into the kitchen just in time to see her pointing to a little guy \"who's that?\" \"Uuuhhhm that's the chef\" she looked at the chef with big amassed eyes. He smirked and pointed to a blond haired guy. \"That's the sous chef, the sous is responsible for the kitchen when the chef's not around.\" He said very sassy. She laughed at him and pushed him slightly. He laughed as well and want back to the window. He then pointed to a brown man. \"Saucier, in charge of sauces. Very important.\" Again she smiled at his sassiness. \"Chef the partie, demi chef de partie, both important. Commis, Commis, they're cooks. Very important.\" \"You are a clever rat, who's that?\" She pointed to a red haired guy with a broom. \"Oh, him? He's nobody.\" She then shook her head. \"Not a nobody. He is part of the kitchen.\" The boy the knocked over a pot with soup but Remi didn't notice. \"No, he's a plongeur or something. He washes dishes or takes out the garbage. He doesn't cook.\" \"But he could.\" \"Uh, no.\" She was getting annoyed by him. He doesn't know everything \"How do you know? What did your book say? Anyone can cook\" he turned to her. He looked stunned. Yeah she can read. English and French. It's not that hard. \"Well, yeah anyone can. That doesn't mean that anyone should.\" The boy on the other hand started throwing things in the soup. \"Well that's not stopping him.\" She then pointed to the boy. Remi started freaking out when he looked at him \"What's he doing? No. No! No, this is terrible!\" He started shaking her shoulders and passing around. He released her and walked back to the window, pulling his ears. \"He's ruining the soup\" \"Remi you shouldn't be that close to the window.\" She tried to warn him but he didn't listen. \"And is nobody noticing? We got to tell someone that he's\" it was too late, the window toppled and he fell into the kitchen. \"REMI!\"[Chapter 3] As Remi fell into the kitchen Sophia tried reaching him but couldn't. She watched him fall but them lost him. Her rage came up as she started punching the glass. Finally she had met another rat who was like her. She could see it in his eyes. They weren't filled with survival but with ideas. And now she had lost him. She whipped away a tear she didn't knew had fallen and walked off to the roof. Her first friend, gone. She finally reached the bottom of the building. Another tear slipped from her eye as she jumped down into the sewers. Sophia was walking into one of the deserted alleyways. It had been a couple of days after she had last saw Remi and she had no idea if he was alive or dead. She shuddered at that thought. She was walking on two paws making the object she was carrying one her back shift. It was her most precious possession, her violin. It and took her years to make it. She had taught herself to play it. It took a good year but she made a couple of songs that sounded good. She walked a bit further, but was stuck to the ground with shock. Their sat Remi on a red and white cloth eating grapes and cheese. She ran to him and hugged him. He was stunned for a second but quickly hugged back. She let go of him, much to his dismay and looked at him. \"I'm so glad you are alright\" she said with the accent he missed so much the couple of days. Not that he didn't hear the accent but her voice just made it special. \"What happened\" he was taken back by this question. Should he tell her about Linguini? She would probably hate him for trusting humans. But he just couldn't lie to her. \"I have been helping in the kitchen\" her eyes widen. Uh oh here it comes. \"And you weren't killed?\" He shook his head. \"Well that's great. How is it like?\" He just blinked. She was definitely something else. \"Great, it's just amazing.\" He stood up and made gestures in the air. He told her everything that had happened after he fell. She just looked at him with wide eyes and a smile. When he was finally done he looked at her for some reaction. She jumped up from the ground and started spinning him around. \"That's amazing Remi, I'm so happy for you\" he laughed at her and she laughed back. He then noticed the violin on her back. \"What's that?\" He pointed to it. She smiled and pulled it off her back. \"It's my treasure, I made it\" she was so proud of it. It was an amazing piece of craftsmanship. \"A violin?\" Remi asked with eyes full of wonder. \"Yeah\" she smiled at him. \"Can you play it?\" \"A bit\" he nodded and sat down on the place she just had sat and looked at her. She went turned a bright shade of red but raised the violin to her neck. She closed her eyes and started playing. (Music above) She finished the song and opened her eyes to see a stunned Remi. She smiled and lowered her violin again. He blinked a couple of times and started clapping. \"That was amazing!\" She blushed bright red again and placed her violin on her back. She sat next to him. \"Now show me what you can do\" he stared at her unknown what to do but then it clicked so he stood up and grabbed a grape from the vine. \"Close your eyes\" she did as told. He handed her a piece of cheese \"And now take a bite out of this\" she could smell the food in his hand so she took it and slowly took a bite. \"Chew it slowly, only think of the taste.\" It was rich and creamy but also a faint taste of salt. \"Can you see it, creamy, salty sweetness? And oaky nuttiness.\" She could only nod. She was to intrigued by the taste. Remi on the other hand was thrilled. Finally someone who understood him. She just trust him. Like that. He didn't even knew her longer than two days and still here she was, sitting quietly while listening to him. \"Can you detect that?\" She nodded and opened her blue orbs. \"Yeah, it's creamy but still a little bit salty\" he nodded at her with a large smile. He handed her a grape. \"Close your eyes and taste this.\" She nodded and took it in her other paw. She closed her eyes again and took a bite. It was totally different. It was fresh and sweet. A little bit sour, bit still sweet. \"Totally different, right?\" She nodded again. \"Now try them together.\" She swallowed and put them both together. It was amazing, sweet, sour, salt and creamy al together. Nutty but fresh, it tasted like heaven. \"Hmmm\" what's the only thing she could mumble. It tasted like her song. Soft bit with sharp edges. Remi nodded with his paws clasped together. \"And like this you can make infinite combinations like sweet and sour with nuttiness and saltines.\" She opened her eyes and smiled at him. \"It's just like my music. You can combine different notes with edginess to create different songs.\" She leaned forward just like him. Their nose where now touching so they quickly moved away. \"W-want to t-taste some more?\" He asked her. She eagerly nodded and so now they were both sitting on the cloth. Both eating grapes and talking to each other. Getting to know each other better.[Chapter 4] We just sat there for a while just listening to each other and eating something. Remi had showed me that if you brake a grape you can drink the juice like a glass. We clinked the grapes together and drank it. We then eat the grape and threw the sticks away. A loud crash shook us out of our conversation. Remi gave me a look that said. 'Stay here' he grabbed the large knife from the cheese and walked to it. I also stood up and looked at the garbage can. He was trembling with fear as he walked to the can. The noise got worse so he lifted the knife above his head. Then a fat brown rat jumped out of the shadows with some kind of garbage. \"Remy\" he shouted with wide arms. \"Emile?\" Remi questioned. The brown rat just tackled him into a hug. \"I can't believe it your alive!\" \"I thought I'll never see you guys again!\" \"We figured you didn't survive the rapids.\" They shouted to each other. I just stood there awkwardly. Remi checked him and noticed the garbage in his hand. \"What are you eating\" 'Emile' just chewed and shrugged. \"I don't really know. I think it was some sort of wrapper once.\" Remi took it from him and tossed it away. \"What? No. You're in Paris now, baby. My town\" he just jogged to the door completely forgetting me. I grabbed his arm knowing what he was about to do. \"Remi, you know that stealing is not right...\" He stared at me but shook me of and walked to the kitchen. I sighed and turned to 'Emile' \"I'm Sophia\" he smiled at me and spoke still with food in his mouth. \"Emile\" I swallowed. He walked away to find more garbage. Remi came back with a small plate with some food on it. \"I brought you some- AAHHH No no no no spit it out!\" He told Emile who was eating garbage again. \"I have got to teach you about food. Close your eyes\" Emile threw away his garbage and closed his eyes. Remi held out a piece of cheese. \"Now taste th-\" Emile shrugged down the piece within seconds. \"No\" \"sorry\" \"here, chew it slowly, only think of the taste\" he did just that. Then he repeated what he did with me. Only Emile didn't quite get it. \"-to be made!\" \"I think...\" \"Uhhhhuh\" \"you lost me again\" he said while opening his eyes and shaking his head. Remi was very disappointed in this. Sophia could do this why couldn't he. \"Yeah\" \"but it was interesting. The most interested garbage I ever...\" He jumped up and grabbed Remy's hands \"HEY! What are we doing? Dad doesn't know you're alive yet! We gotta go to the colony\" he started dragging him. \"Yeah but...\" \"What?\" \"I kinda have to...\" \"What do you \"have to\" more than family? What's more important here?\" SOPHIA shouted his mind. He then glanced to her seeing her standing there awkwardly. Ugh he completely ignored her. \"It wouldn't hurt to visit...\" Emile started walking away. \"Wait one second.\" He told him. He turned back to Sophia and walked to her. \"I umm need to go\" \"hey it's alright, family goes first, go\" she told him with a slight smile, but he could see that she didn't like it. He smiled and nodded at her before turning back to his brother and following him. He glanced back to see her turning around and sitting back on the cloth. He smiled and walked with his brother to his family. \"Is she your girlfriend?\" Remi blushed a bright shade of pink. \"Umm no\" he said way too quickly. His brother snickered. Linguini stepped on Colette's bike. While she was dressed casually he was still dressed in his uniform. As soon as he sat the bike sped forward so he gripped his had with Remi inside tightly. After a corner the hat slipped out of his hand and landed on the road. Remi stepped out of it and looked around. A car rode over him so he ran away. A large puddle washed over him so he was thrown into the sidewalk. He shook the water of him but was noticed by some people. \"Rat!\" \"Aah!\" He quickly ran away into the sewers. He rolled down and looked through the hole. \"Stupid pests\" someone said. His face turned from a scared expression to a sad one but heard someone sniffing. He curiously turned to the sound and walked to it. There she sat, Sophia crying her eyes out. \"Sophia?\" She didn't look up she just crept crying. He walked to her and sat next to her. \"What's wrong\" she seemed to notice him. After a couple of minutes she let go of him. Her eyes where blood shot and her fur was sticking together. \"What happened?\" He asked. He had never seen her like this. She was broken. \"H-he b-broke it R-Remi\" she said between sniffs. \"What?\" \"My father b-broke it, he broke my violin\" she sniffed opening her paws to show him pieces of his violin. \"Why?\" Remi was stunned. Why would anyone do such a thing? It was a beautiful thing. \"He told me rats didn't play so I didn't need it\" wow that sounded just like his father. Always looking in the past. \"That's awful.\" \"It took me 3 years to build it.\" She whispered to her hands. He felt angry at her father, why did he destroy it, it was her dream. \"I can help you if you want...\" She looked up at him. \"Really?\" \"Yeah of course.\" A small smile appeared on her lips. \"Thank you\"[Chapter 5] The next day Sophia was walking on the side walk. Still down from yesterday but felt a little bit better. She was searching for new stuff to build a violin. She crossed another street when she heard cursing come from the other street. She looked up just in time to see Remi running with paper in his mouth being chased by a little guy on a scooter. The man went down on a stairs with his Vespa. She quickly ran to the edge of the bridge to see Remi jump on a boat. The man jumped also on the boat and started chasing him again. Remi then jumped and flew across the gap to the bridge. Sophia wasted no time to pull him up. \"Hmhhnjhm\" he muttered still with the papers in his mouth. She giggled and took one out of his mouth. \"Thank you, come on\" he took her hand and they both walked off to the restaurant. They now stood in front of the restaurant. \"Come on\" he walked to the door. \"Remi I think you should do this\" she held the papers out for him but he just shook his head and smiled. \"Come on I want to introduce you to someone.\" He then pulled her inside Linguini was standing alone in the kitchen. Colette was in the chef's office waiting for him while the others were of in their brake. He put his pan away to see little chef and an unknown brown rat walk in the kitchen. \"Hey little chef, who's this?\" He said while crouching down to their level. He started talking to him which he couldn't understand. \"Is she your girlfriends?\" He asked teasingly. Little chef immediately shook his head while the other rat turned red. He smiled at them. Young love. Then he noticed the papers in their paws. \"What's that?\" They both gave it to him. He quickly read it and then ran to Colette. Meanwhile in the office, Remi took her paw in his. He didn't want to let it go and he knew how much she was afraid to be here. Much to his surprise she didn't pull her paw away she just gripped his tightly. After just standing there for a couple of seconds they walked to the side. They both knew that the little guy would come so better hide. And just as expected the little guy who Remi told was the former chef walked in completely soaked. He walked into the office and started shouting. After a couple of minutes he walked out of the office completely defeated. He then left the restaurant. Sophia hugged Remi. His plan had worked. Not long after that the whole kitchen crew where celebrating that they had a new chef. Sophia and Remi where hidden behind the picture of Gusteau. Smiling at each other. All the old stuff of Gusteau was taken away out of his office and burned. They were now looking at the burned ashes while sitting on a trash can. It was after closing and Remi was waiting for Linguini. Sophia decided to stay for a little while longer so he wouldn't be alone. They were just enjoying each other's company when the doors opened and Linguini stepped out. \"Little chef?\" Remi stood up and helped her up to. Linguini saw them and made his way over. \"Come on, I want to show you something.\" He held his hand out and Remi stepped on it. He turned back to her with a 'sorry' look. She just nodded and turned to walk away when Linguini spoke up. \"You umm can come to if you want; there is enough space for another one. As a thank you for helping me and little chef.\" He held the same hand Remi was on out for her and Remi held his paw out for her. She hesitated but took Remi's paw and stepped on the large hand. Linguini smiled at them both and started walking. He opened a large door and stepped in. It was a huge room. A creamy colour with some gold accents. \"This is our new home\" he told them. Remi still hadn't let go of her paw. Not the she mined of course. Linguini then walked up the stairs and showed Remi a little bedroom. \"It's your little chef\" Remi stepped of his hand and stood in front of the window that showed a perfect view of Paris. Linguini then rubbed his neck while looking at Sophia. \"I can make you one to, if you like.\" She looked at him and crooked her head to the side. A smile formed her snout and she nodded happily. He smiled at this little female rat. The next couple of days weren't really interesting. Remi and Linguini cooked together while Sophia worked on her little room and violin. Linguini had given her stuff to build it and she was overjoyed. At the evening they came home and Remi taught her to cook. Only the basic stuff but it was amazing. She was great with desserts. Linguini was getting closer and closer to Colette; he wanted to go on a date with her but just didn't knew the right words. So when they were working one day, Sophia took a piece of paper and started writing. It turned out as one of the sweetest love letters ever. It was French so Colette could read it. Then she folded it and put it in an envelope. She wrote the name Colette on it and left it on the table. When they came home, Linguini was stunned by it. How could a little rat like she writes like this. Remi turned out to be a miracle and now her too. He was stunned. The next day he gave it to her and that same evening they where roller skating in the park. Remi and Sophia where getting closer to. He taught her to cook and she taught him to write and read. He could read something's but not all. That's why she thought it would be nice if he could read. She couldn't help but notice that he was getting irritated by Linguini. He was getting all the honour of his work. So on the day of the interview Linguini had taken her with them to see it. She was hidden in the office while he did it. She was hiding behind the picture. The door opened and in walked Linguini with Remi. He dropped Remi on the desk and started talking to him. She was still hidden just listening. \"Don't give me that look, your distracting me in front of the press. How am I supposed to concentrate with you yanking in my hair all the time?\" Remi hopped back on his head as Linguini put his hat back on. \"Your opinion isn't the only one that matters here. Colette know how to cook to you know. AAAUW! That's it!\" He pulled his head over his ears and ran out of the office. Sophia came out of her hiding spot and sighed. They just need to learn how to listen. After a couple of minutes Linguini then walked back into the office and noticed Sophia on his desk. \"You saw that huh?\" She nodded. \"He is so stubborn. He only thinks about himself!\" She crossed her arms tightly over her chest. \"What?\" She just looked at him. \"Don't tell me that I was the stubborn one?\" She nodded. He sighed and sat in the chair next to the desk. \"I was kind of huh.\" She nodded again and sat on his shoulder. \"I need to apologies\" she nodded again and he smiled at her. He walked out of the building and to their home. \"Little chef?\" No answer. \"Remi?\" She tried but still nothing. He walked to his Remi's room but he wasn't there. \"Maybe he is in the restaurant?\" He shrugged and he walked back to the restaurant again. He opened the door of the restaurant and turned on the lights. \"Little chef?\" He called again. Sophia still on his shoulder. Remi walked out of the shadows in front of them. \"Hey, little chef, I thought you went back to the apartment.\" He crouched down to his level. \"And when you weren't there. I don't know, it didn't see; right to leave things like we did so... Look I don't want to fight. The only thing it odd was upset mini Sous chef\" Sophia smiled at Remi. That what Linguini had called her from the beginning. Remi was the chef and she the Sous chef. But at the look on his face something was wrong. She jumped of Linguini's shoulder and to Remi. \"I've been under a lot of, you know pressure. A lot has changed in not very much time, you know?\" She stopped just in front of Remi. Something was very wrong. \"I'm suddenly a Gusteau, and I go to be a Gusteau or, you know. People will be disappointed. It's weird because nobody very expected anything for me. And the only reason anyone expects anything from me now is because of you and Mini sous chef.\" Remi looked so guilty. Linguini stood up. \"I haven't been fair to you, you've never failed me and I should never forget that. You have been a good friend.\" Then suddenly grapes hit the back of his neck. They all turned around and saw the food storage open. \"What is this? What's going on?\" He walked to the door and opened it. Then a flow of rats ran past them. Linguini looked shocked and angry while Sophia looked sad. How could he do this to his friend? He wasn't a thief. \"Your stealing food? How could you I thought we were friends. I trusted you!\" He shouted to Remi. Sophia's eyes filled with tears as she watched then argue. Linguini grabbed a broom and brushed out all the rats minus Sophia. The door opened and all the rats ran out \"Get out, you and all of your rat friends. And don't come back.\" Sophia hadn't said a word to Remi and that broke his heart. He had lost both his friends with his stupid actions. And most importantly the love of his life. \"Or I'll treat you the way restaurants are supposed to treat pests.\" He then angry slammed the doors and walked to the office. There he put Sophia on his desk and let himself fall into the chair. Both of them where quiet. They both knew that it was no use. Sophia let herself fall to the ground and started crying. Linguini took a piece of cloth from the table and handed it to her. She was broken again. But this time there was no one to help her rebuilt it.[Chapter 6] A knock on the door shook Linguini out of his nightmare. He looked at the desk and saw that Sophia had fallen asleep under the cloth. \"Come in\" the door opened slightly and Colette walked in. \"Today's the big day. You should say something to them\" he turned around. \"Like what?\" \"You're the boss inspire them\" he quickly glanced to the cloth before walking out of the office. Not a long while later Sophia woke up to Linguini stepping into the office. He saw her waking up and sat in front of her with his head in his hands. \"I need to cook, but I can't cook.\" He glanced at her. \"Can you cook?\" She shook her head. She can cook but tugging his hair, no thank you. He sighed and sat back again. \"I'm in so much trouble.\" He then stood up and walked into the kitchen where the hell broke loose. Sophia stretched and walked to the window. There she sat in the shadows watching the kitchen. They all started shouting at Linguini and pointing to him. He freaked out and ran into the office. He fell to the ground against the door. \"I really can't do this sous chef.\" He whispered. She walked to him and sat on his shoulder. She smiled weakly at her. \"RATS!\" Came from the kitchen. Linguini shot up losing Sophia on the way. He ran out of the office to the noise. Could it be Remi? She quickly ran back to the window and saw indeed Remi standing there. Linguini was just in time and jumped in front of him. He started giving a speech to them about Remi being the cook. When he was done the official sous chef walked to him and gave him his apron. He walked out of the restaurant. All the other followed him out of the kitchen only Colette remained. Sophia had tears in her eyes that moment. Colette walked to him and nearly slapped him but she didn't. She pushed him out of the way and ran out. Linguini signed defeated and sat Remi on the counter. He opened the office door and walked in. Sophia saw that as her moment and ran out. She slowly walked over to Remi who was sitting on the counter top. He looked surprised to see her. \"Sophia, I'm...\" he couldn't finish his sentience because she tackled him in a hug. \"You came back\" he fell his shoulder get wet signalling she was crying. \"I'll always do\" she then let to and looked at him. He was shocked. She looked exhausted. Her eyes where blood shot and her hair was all tangled up. She had been crying over him? He gave her a smile and then whipped a stray tear away. She gave him a weary smile and took his paw in both of hers. He smiled at her and they both climbed of the counter. Remi stared at the doors. Ego was just outside them he could feel it. But there was nothing he could do. Sophia was at his side where she was meant to be. He sighed and turned around to see his dad standing there. \"Dad\" he said happily and walked to him. Sophia quickly followed him, staying behind a little not wanting to ruin a father- son moment. \"Dad I don't know what to say\" \"I was wrong about your friend and about you.\" His father glanced at Sophia who was standing there. \"I don't want you to think I'm choosing this over family, I can't choose between two sides of myself\" \"I'm not talking about cooking. I'm talking about guts, it really means that much to you?\" Remi looked at Sophia and then nodded; his dad placed two fingers in his mouth and whistled really high. Sophia covered her ears. Rats came running in from all kinds of directions. \"We're not cooks, but were family. You tell us what to do and we will get it done.\" His father told Remi. The door opened to reveal a small man with a moustache. He dropped his paper when he saw all the rats. Sophia had seen him before unlike the others. \"Stop that health inspector\" she spoke up for the first time. The man ran away. His dad took no time in commanding some rats and chasing the man. \"Delta team, go, go, and go! The rest of you stay and help Remi\" Remi took Sophia's paw in his as he started thinking.[Chapter 7] He looked back to the 'employees wash your hands!' sign. He looked back to the rats with a smirk. Not long later the rats where standing under some kind of box that made them clean. Remi and Sophia where standing in a shelf. Sophia looked much better. Her hair wasn't tangled anymore and her eyes were less red. Remi started giving orders. \"Team three will be handling the fish. Team four roasted items. Team five grills. Team six sauces. Get to your stations. Let's go go go!\" He jumped away and started helping the teams. Sophia walked to the office window and knocked on it. Linguini heard it and looked through them to see the rats. Sophia walked to the deserts station. There were not much rats here but it was still a good team. She started helping them and finally taking the lead of that team. As she looked up from her work she saw Linguini in waiting clothes and roller skates. She laughed at him but quickly turned back to her work. She finally finished putting the ice cream in the freezer and was now working on a hot chocolate saes. Remi walked past her and smiled at her. She smiled back and took his paw before he could walk any further. \"First take a deep breath\" he closed his eyes and took a deep breath before opening them again and smiling. \"Thanks\" she gave him a kiss on his cheek and went back to her saus. Remi turned bright red but then went back to giving orders. Colette walked into the kitchen and saw the rats. She nearly puked but Linguini tackled her in a hug. \"You came back\" she shushed him. \"Just tell me what the rat wants to cook.\" Remi mentioned Sophia over, so she told another rat what to do and walked to him. He started searching through recipes until he came on one Sophia likes. Ratatouille. She smiled at him and nodded. He smiled at her before showing it to the two humans in front of them \"Ratatouille? It's a peasant dish. Are you sure you want to serve this to Ego?\" Remi nodded and Linguini gave Colette a kind smile. She shrugged and started making it until a loud bang came from outside. The door opened and the inspector came in all gagged up. They threw him in the food storage. After recovering from her shock Colette went back to cooking. She was just about to put an herb in it when Remi put his spoon in front of it. \"What? I'm making ratatouille\" Remi shook his head. \"We'll how would you prepare it?\" They then started cooking together. Sophia watched them as they did so. She was finally going to see a real ratatouille. When it came out of the oven it smelled heavenly. Remi put it on a plate and another masterpiece was made. Linguini took it and went to Ego. Remi started plated another one. Sophia walked a bit closer to see it better. When he was done, he stood next to her. \"Taste it\" he whispered to her. She watched him with wide eyes. \"Really?\" She asked exited. \"Yeah go ahead.\" She then walked to it and grabbed a piece. She put it in her mouth and it tasted even better then it smelled. She swallowed it and turned around in a swirl, \"it's so delicious\" Remi laughed at her reaction. This was the girl he loved. She understands him and supports him. She sat down at the edge of the table and watched the rats. Remi sat next to her. \"I'm sorry for stealing\" she smiled and turned to him. \"You're forgiven but don't do it again.\" He smiled at her. \"I won't\" \"otherwise you need to make me more ratatouille\" he laughed. \"I'll make you as much ratatouille as you want\" she snuggled closer to him. \"Thank you\" he just enjoyed it until the former chef waltzed in. \"Who made this ratatouille!\" He dropped his glasses when he saw the rats! Who were now cleaning up. Not long after that he was thrown into the storage with the inspector. They still sat there until Remi's father walked to them. Remi shot up and Sophia stood next to him. \"I don't think we know each other\" he said toward Sophia. Remi beamed. \"Dad this is Sophia, Sophia this is my dad\" she shook his paw. \"It's a pleasure to meet u sir\" he smiled and elbowed Remi. \"She's polite to, you found yourself a great girlfriend\" Remi turner red. \"She's not m-\" Sophia cut him off. \"Thank you sir\" Remi stared at her and then smiled. His dad smiled at them both. Young love. Linguini walked in with a stressed look on his face. \"He wants to meet the chef!\" He told Colette. She looked out of the door window. \"He can't, he will close the restaurant\" after a long argument they decided that he could but after he was alone. So they both walked to Ego and told him the news. And there they just sat waiting till everyone left.[Chapter 8] In the time they were waiting they stated cleaning a bit and talking. Remi told her that he was trapped and that his dad saved him. After a lot of waiting it was time. Linguini hid Remi under his hat and went to tell Ego. It took a long time until they came back. They start to show him how they did it and stuff. Then he leaves again. They all walk outside and Colette kisses Linguini. She then leaves and Sophia, Remi, Linguini, Emile and Remi's dad walk outside. Remi then leaves his dad, Emile and Linguini and goes with Sophia. They walk and talk all night then they go to a bridge and just look at the sight all cuddled into each other until the morning light. The next day Linguini read them the reaction of Ego. It told them that he liked it and would come back for more. But the happiness didn't last long, because they had to close the restaurant. They had let the two men go and they had closed it. \"- Ego is doing very well as a small business investor.\" Remi told the other rats at the table. \"He seems very happy\" \"how do you know?\" Asked one of the rats at the table. Remi pushed some of the leaves aside just behind them to show them the new restaurant. Ego was sitting there, drinking wine and smiling. A small bell went and he saw Colette standing there. \"Gotta go dinner rush\" he told his dad and brother. He then got in a small pot on a robe. It went down and he hopped out. Washed his paws and put a little hat on his head. Colette put a plate in front of him with ratatouille. \"You know how he likes it\" he then putted sauce on top. And Linguini now as a waiter took it and went to serve it to Ego. Remi walked to a little window I'm the door to see Ego. He took a bite from his dinner and smiled. \"Do you want a desert sir?\" Linguini asked him. He laughed and turned to the door. \"Tell her to surprise me\" Remi nodded and ran back upstairs. There on the small stage was Sophia, with her new violin. She was playing and singing. It sounded like an angel to him. She noticed him and smiled at him. He mentioned Ego and she nodded. She started finishing her song as Remi sat at the table with his father and just looking at her. His girlfriend. ","Summary":" A small little rat was stroking through the sewers. It wasn't any kind of sewer, it was the sewer u"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"CARRIE: Hide & Run","Author":"HORRORMANIAC19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12651458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All CARRIE (2013) Characters © Kimberly Pierce & Stephen King CARRIE: Hide & Run Chapter 1: That Tragic Night Date: Friday 22nd June 2013 Time: 9:00pm Location: Ewen High School, Chamberlain, Maine All was going well that night, that moment, as Carrie White was crowned Queen of the Prom, alongside her king: Tommy Ross , Who took her that night, with the advice from his girlfriend: Sue Snell , as a way of making up for her mistake of laughing at Carrie's first menstrual period incident, unaware of what Chris Hargensen was up to at first… All was fine in that moment, as everyone was clapping Carrie & Tommy, as Sue was pushed out of the gym hall by the school gym teacher: Rita Desjardin , while trying to warn them of Chris's horrid prank. At the moment as Carrie & Tommy held hands & smiled with a bunch of roses in her left hand, Carrie was hit with a large cold splosh of what felt like blood, as it poured on to her head, & down her once beautiful pink homemade Prom dress, splashing into the side of Tommy's face, staining his face, along with his once awesome white Prom suit with black trim. Carrie let go of Tommy's hand & dropped the roses, as she looked down at her blood stained, before looking at the shocked audience, then bucket above her, & then finally at an angered Tommy. \" WHAT THE HELL?!\" Tommy yelled at the audience in anger, just before Tina clicked her laptop, playing the video that Chris had recorded of Carrie's period incident. \" Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up!\" The girls in the video gleefully cheered as they threw tampons at a crying Carrie, who was begging for help, as she never understood what was happening to her, believing she was bleeding to death, as everyone in the audience from Chris's friends: Tina Blake, Nikki & Lizzy Watson, Even Heather (Sue's Best Friend) , laughed & laughed, except from Tommy's friends: George Dawson & Erika Gogan . Sue watched in horror, as she tried to open the locked gym doors. \" Freak! Freak!\" Chris called at Carrie from above, as her boyfriend: Billy Nolan , Grabbed her, & the two ran for the stairs. Carrie then walked to the front of the stage, Tommy tried to call her back, as people kept laughing & laughing, as Chris & Billy approached the fire exit doors. \" Carrie, Come o…\" Rita said as she walked through the audience to try & comfort Carrie, only for Carrie to push Rita over with her only recently discovered powers, causing everyone to gasp in fright. The shockwave of Carrie's powers loosened the bucket as it swayed & fell with a sudden… CLANK! The Bucket clanked as it hit Carrie on the back of her head. Erika screamed in horror from the clank, as Carrie lifelessly hit the stage floor. Chris & Billy turned around, only to see their idea of a prank, had just turned into a life threatening nightmare, as they also watched Carrie fall lifelessly to the stage floor, in the pool of blood from when she was covered in it. \" Carrie…\" Chris squeaked in horror, only for Billy to grab her as they tried to open the fire exit doors, causing Tommy to notice the two culprits who had just killed his prom date… \" HEY!\" Tommy yelled as he ran after them. Sue watched as Tommy ran out of the hall after Chris & Billy, as she still couldn't open the doors, she ran in the opposite direction, trying to find a way to catch up with them. \" CARRIE! CARRIE, NO!\" Rita screamed as she got up ran on to the stage, & dropped onto her knees, & picked up Carrie's lifeless body, & cried & screamed in tears, trying to hope that Carrie was by some chance still alive. \" SOMEONE GET AN AMBULANCE, & THE POLICE, QUICK!\" Rita screamed, as Principal Morton got out his phone to call for help, as all the other students looked around and at each other in shock… (Meanwhile…) Chris & Billy ran into the car park & got into Billy's burgundy red vintage Pontiac muscle car with black stripes, ready to start the car & escape, only to see Sue's silver Mercedes hatchback blocking the way… \" FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! WHY THE FUCK DID I LET YOU TALK ME INTO THIS?!\" Billy yelled as he punched the steering wheel & turned to Chris. \" It's not my fault that bucket hit Carrie!\" Chris argued, believing once again she hadn't done anything wrong, before Billy biffed her right across her right cheek. \" You think this is a game?! SHIT! If you say one word about what happened tonight…\" Billy roared before a sledgehammer shattered the glass window next to Billy, scaring him and Chris… \" GET OUT OF THE CAR NOW! FUCKING MURDERERS!\" Tommy roared as yanked the car door open, before pulling Billy out of the Car, & threw him into another car. As Tommy brawled & restrained Billy, Chris took this opportunity to get out & escape back home… Only for Sue to biff her former friend across the left cheek, before knocking her unconscious to the floor… (Later on…) All the students were sent home in sorrow & despair, some were picked up, some drove home, & others walked or got a bus. Principal Morton had discovered as well as Chris & Billy, Tina, Kenny, Nikki, Lizzy & Heather were all involved in the prank… Morton had all of them expelled. Chris & Billy were later arrested & taken to the police station for questioning, with very thin hope of her lawyer of a dad: John Hargensen , getting them out of this tragic mess. Sue & Tommy walked slowly towards an ambulance where Rita was crying. As they approached her, Rita stood up to them… \" I-I'm sorry… I'm so sorry… we… we were too late…\" Rita squeaked before bursting into tears. Sue & Tommy then broke down into tears, as Sue cried into Tommy's chest, & Tommy hug her, & cried into Sue's hair, knowing the worst had come true, & come now… Carrie White was dead… To be continued…[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: The Mourning Night (Later that night, at Sue's House…) Sue's mother: Eleanor Snell , was looking out the window, worried about Sue, after hearing her say that Chris had sent her a text about her prank she set up for Carrie. Just then, Sue's Car pulled up the drive, with a police car in tow. Eleanor quickly made it to the front door, along with Sue's father: Alan Snell . Tommy's parents: Jason & Penelope Ross , were also there, after Eleanor called them about what Sue was doing, they were worried sick about Tommy. Eleanor came out the front door, along with the others, as Tommy came walking with Sue walking in his arms, both crying, with a policeman & a policewoman in tow. \" Sue? Tommy? Oh my God…\" Eleanor said as she hugged her crying daughter, & as Penny hugged her crying son. \" What's happened officer?\" Alan asked in worry. \" Two students at your son's & daughter's school have caused an incident, which has resulted in the death of another student…\" the policeman answered. \" Who?\" Jason asked in worry also. \" Miss Christine Hargensen & Mr William Nolan have caused Miss Carrietta White to lose her life…\" the Policewoman responded. \" Oh my God, that was Tommy's Prom date…\" Penny gasped in horror. \" They set her up mom… Chris & Billy set Carrie up…\" Tommy cried, as penny stroked Tommy's hair, before taking him indoors to get cleaned… \" Where are Chris & Billy now?\" Jason asked in slight anger. \" Please remain calm Mr Ross, They are presently being questioned down at the station. It was thanks to Susan & Thomas that we were about to apprehend & arrest them…\" The Policeman responded. \" What about Carrie? Couldn't anyone get an ambulance there in time?\" Eleanor asked in slight anger herself. \" Oh mom, we couldn't have saved her in time, Carrie was dead the second the bucket hit her…\" Sue squeaked in tears into her mother's chest, as Eleanor stroked her crying daughter. \" Oh Sue… Alan, take her inside.\" Eleanor asked as she passed Sue to her father, who then took Sue inside to calm down with Tommy, as Jason followed. \" God… I'd hate to face Margaret to tell her of Carrie's death…\" Eleanor sighed in sorrow. \" We are currently informing Mrs White of her daughter's demise. Miss Rita Desjardin & Principal Morton are at the funeral home, arranging funeral details...\" The policewoman informed Eleanor, just as the policeman got a call over the radio, stating that Margaret White, wasn't taking the news very well. The Policeman started up the car, as the policewoman informed Eleanor of what was happening with Margaret, before rushing over & getting into the police car before vrooming off the White's house. (10 minutes Later…) As the recent police car approached the White's house, they saw another 2 officers pulling a handcuffed & insane Margaret White, out of her house. After hearing of what had happened to Carrie, Margaret lost it… completely … she attacked one of the officers with a knife, blaming them & everyone at the school for killing the devil she was going to kill: Carrie . Luckily, no one got hurt…This had stated to them, that Margaret had some kind of Religious obsessive mental illness, & wondered how she was able to hide it for that long, & had not even killed Carrie yet, how could Carrie have lived that long with a mother like that? They all wondered… \" Margaret White, I am arresting you for use of extreme physical force & assault of an officer, along with suspicion of alleged child abuse! You do not have to say anything, however it may harm your defence…\" One officer informed as he restrained Margaret, who kept trying to get free, while spewing religious doom quotes that were not true... \" May the lord have mercy on your souls for what all you sinners have done!\" Margaret shouted as she was pushed down into the back seat of another police car by the recent officers, before being taken down to the station. \" Thank God! I'm not sure how much more of that I could take of that woman's language…\" the other officer sighed in slight anger. \" What was that all about?\" The policewoman asked in concern. \" We tried to tell her, but she wouldn't let us in to say it. When we did tell her and get in, she just went crazy and started attacking us with a knife, saying things like it was our fault for her daughter's death, and that we should have not let her get to prom…\" The other officer replied, as they then looked in the direction of the pulled away police car. (Meanwhile, back at the Snell's house…) Sue was sitting on her bed in her bedroom, in her white nightdress, still mourning Carrie's death, with a blank look of tears, believing she could have done more to avoid this tragedy. She, Tommy & their families had received a call from Miss Desjardin & Principal Morton about the details for Carrie's funeral they had urgently planned for next week. Tommy & his family had gone home in the meantime. During the call, Sue & Tommy were given permission to go & see Carrie's body the day before the funeral to give their respects before saying their final goodbyes to her. Both their families weren't sure if it was a good idea for them to go, but Sue & Tommy insisted they go to. They felt they let Carrie down too many times, they were not going to let her down for one last time… Eleanor then came into her daughter's room & sat down next to her, knowing she was still mourning Carrie's loss… \" Hey sweetheart…\" Eleanor said calmly. \" Hey mom…\" Sue replied as she slowly turned to her mother. \" Don't cry too much Sue, I'm pretty sure Carrie wouldn't want you or Tommy to be like this…\" Eleanor calmly said again as she tried to comfort Sue. \" I don't know about that mom, after all what I, Chris, everyone at school had put her through, I don't what she would be thinking right now if she was still alive… I just wish I had known more about what Chris was up to sooner…\" Sue squeaked as she began to grieve again. \" Oh Sue… are you still sure you want to go and see Carrie's body, & go to the funeral?\" Eleanor asked in concern & worry, as she stroked her daughter's blonde hair. \" Mom, I've let Carrie down way too many times… If I can't make up for all that… Then all I can do, is give her a decent send-off from me & Tommy…\" Sue replied in another grieving squeak. \" Ok… You get some sleep now, we'll talk more altogether in the morning…\" Eleanor continued, as she got Sue into her bed, before tucking her in, kissing her on the forehead, & shutting off the main light as she went out the door… \" Goodnight Sue…\" Eleanor whispered sweetly. \" Goodnight Mom…\" Sue whispered back, before Eleanor closed the door, & Sue sank into a dreamless sleep… Along with Tommy, George, Erika, Miss Desjardin, even Tina, Kenny, Nikki, Lizzy, & Heather in their bedrooms … Even Margaret, Chris & Billy, who sat, staring blankly at the grounds in their prison cells, knowing that the one night of happiness, had become a mournful nightmare of death & disaster, now that Carrie White was gone… To be continued…[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Our Sorriest Date: Thursday 28th June 2013 Time: 10:25am Location: Chamberlain Funeral Home, Maine It was the day before Carrie White's Funeral, in that time between her demise on Prom night & now, things were bad for many of those who witnessed it, as well as those who were involved in the prank… but as for those who had brought Carrie harm, it was much worse… Within that week, Chris & Billy were found guilty of manslaughter & animal cruelty, & both were sentenced to a maximum of 12 to 15 years each in two different prisons, due to further evidence given by the farmer of the pigs that they had killed 2 days before prom, & Chris & Billy's denial of charges, which were both objected & overruled by the judges, & Chris's own father & lawyer… For Margaret however, due to her mental condition, & later admitting to her acts of child cruelty & abuse towards her daughter, she was sentenced to spend the rest of her life in Arkham… & wasn't allowed to attend Carrie's funeral… Not even allowed to see her body before the funeral… Sue, Tommy, Erika & George pulled up in Sue's hatchback outside the funeral home, where Rita & Morton were waiting for them. They were all wearing some of their black casual clothing, as an act of mourning for Carrie. Rita & Morton were also wearing some of their darkest clothing to mourn the loss of Carrie as well. Sue, Tommy, Erika & George then got a bunch of White Roses & all sorts of other flowers each from out of the car's back seats, before walking towards Rita & Morton… \" How are all of you guys doing?\" Rita asked calmly. \" Still hurting…\" Tommy sighed, as he & Sue looked at Rita. \" I take it Margaret won't be here to say goodbye to her own daughter…\" Sue said blankly. \" No… Not after learning what she was really like to Carrie…\" Morton replied. \" Forgive me for saying this guys, but for all I care, that Bitch can rot in Arkham…\" Rita said quietly with slight anger. \" Guys, I should tell you… there are some more students who want to pay their respects to Carrie before tomorrow…\" Morton said nervously but calmly. \" Who?\" George asked in a mixture of concern & worry, as Tina, Nikki, Lizzy & Heather turned up in black clothing with flowers as well. \" What are you guys doing here?\" Erika asked in slight anger, knowing these were some of Sue's former friends, who were involved in the incident that killed Carrie. \" Guys, before you go ape at us, we're not here to gloat, make fun, or even get revenge for Chris & Billy going to prison… We're here because we all honestly want to say sorry to Carrie…\" Tina said in an honest tone. \" Ok then, if you are really here to apologize to her, what made you change your mind from what happened a week ago?\" Tommy asked in slight anger also. \" Well as much as it was horrifying enough to witness her death, we all heard about what Carrie's mom was really like to her, & that made the pain worse for all of us, for we did to her all these years…\" Heather added into the conversation. \" We then decided as much as we shouldn't be here, we wanted to try & help give Carrie a good send off, & try to apologize what we did, so we asked Mr Morton about it, despite us getting expelled... He & Miss Desjardin did say no at first, & we admit to our selfishness & stupidity is what killed Carrie as well as Chris, but in the end, it's not about us, it's not about Chris or her selfishness, it's about Carrie…\" Nikki added, as Lizzy nodded along with her speech. \" So I let them come… But I am holding them responsible for any funny behaviour that goes on when we go in.\" Morton said to confirm what they had said to him, causing Sue, Tommy, Erika & George to look back at the girls, still unsure, but decided to give them this one & only chance to give their sorrow & respect to Carrie. \" Alright then…\" Tommy agreed as he & Sue, George & Erika gave a nod each, just a local undertaker came out to take them to see Carrie's body. (Inside…) Sue, Tommy, George, Erika, Rita, Morton, Tina, Nikki, Lizzy & Heather were guided to the room where the funeral home people were keeping Carrie's body. They then came to the door of the room, which was then opened by the undertaker, in which they went in. Inside before them, on the large table within the room, lay a white wooden cremation casket with golden trim & handles on the sides. The undertaker then opened it, revealing Carrie's body inside a bed like interior of white coloured padded, with pillows where Carrie's head lay. Carrie's body had been cleaned of the pig's blood from the prank, as well as she had been stripped of her bloody prom dress. Her body was now dressed in a white dress, very similar to her prom dress, more like a combo of that & a wedding dress, with added white sleeves, & a white rose clipped on to the left hand side of her chest. Carrie's hair had been cleaned, combed & straightened, she also had her body tanned slightly to make her look not so dead looking. With those & her dress, she looked like an angel, despite her closed eyes & her arms crossed across her chest, touching her shoulders, she looked beautiful to everyone in the room, so beautiful, each one of them began forming tears in their eyes, knowing this would be the only & last time they would see her like that… Some of them covered their faces to hide their crying emotions, while some pulled out tissues & handkerchiefs to cry into, as they then started laying their flowers out in front of the casket, as well as giving their honest feelings, emotions & apologies to Carrie, before they all decided to give a final speech to her, before they would leave, & prepare for her Funeral the next day, giving their honest opinions on Carrie, that they had kept hidden for years… \" Carrie… We're not sure, if you can hear us… but if you can… we all want to take this time to say… We're all so sorry… So sorry, for what we had done to you…\" Morton began. \" We all admit, that what had happened to you… was all our doing… Not Just Chris… Not just Billy… or your Mother… All of us…\" Tina continued… \" Although we made fun of you, saying things like you would never be more beautiful than us…\" Nikki added. \" The truth was… you were honestly more beautiful & kinder than we ever could or ever will be…\" Lizzy continued. \" Why we all listened to Chris… & ignored the hidden behaviours of your mother…we will never understand… but at least now… they are paying the price for the loss of you…\" Heather continued along. \" Despite you leaving this world… we hope you have entered a new world… of peace, of freedom, & of Happiness…\" George added on. \" All of us will think of you, dream of you, & cherish your memory… from this very moment… to our final breath of life…\" Erika continued. \" We all will hope to see you again, once our times come…\" Tommy added. \" But until then… We will all deeply miss you…\" Sue continued. \" But until our times… We will all live on… in memory of you…\" Rita added. \" We pray your soul, may rest in peace… Goodbye… & Farewell, Carrie White…\" They all said in tears, to finish the speech. The undertaker then closed & locked the casket lid, as everyone took one last at Carrie White, before being showed to the door, & leaving… with the undertaker then closing the door behind him, to show everyone back to the main door… (Later that night…) The room where Carrie's casket was dark, as the moonlight shone through the holy cross shaped window, down on to the casket. The funeral home was closed for the night, as all preparations for Carrie's funeral the next day were prepared…But at that moment, the locks on the casket lid, began to slowly unlock by themselves. Suddenly, the casket lid shot wide open, revealing to have been opened by a still moving, still breathing & very much still alive, CARRIE WHITE… TO… BE… CONTINUED…[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Still Alive Carrie was gasping & breathing heavily & rapidly, as she shot right out of her cremation casket. She then rubbed her eyes, before looking around to see where she was, before wondering what had happened to her… All Carrie could remember at first, was that moment on Prom night, just after she got humiliated by everyone at school, being drenched in blood, & pushing Miss Desjardin over with her powers, & then suddenly blacking out after hearing a clank, & feeling a nasty blow to the back of her head. Carrie then felt the back of her head where she was hit. Carrie gave a slight hiss of pain & squinted her eyes, as her head still hurt from when the blow, while the clank sound echoed in her head… Carrie then opened her eyes, realising what had happened… the bucket of blood must have banged her on the back of the head, hard enough that everyone must have thought or believed she had been killed, & as she looked around again, she realised she was in a funeral home, along with noticing & feeling that she was clean of the blood, & was wearing a white funeral dress, & had beautifully made hair… Carrie then carefully got out of her casket, before noticing in front of her casket, there bunches of flowers, all from students who knew her best at school. But what really shocked Carrie the most, other than some of them were from Sue, Tommy, Miss Desjardin, Erika, George & Principal Morton, But that the rest were from nearly everyone who bullied her since sixth grade: Tina, Nikki, Lizzy, even Heather, had paid their sorrow & respect to her. But Carrie also noticed there was nothing from Chris, which to her was no surprise really, but also, nothing from her own mother. Carrie then noticed a newspaper, with herself on the front page, so she took it & read it, using the moonlight to see what had been said: \" LOCAL HIGHSCHOOL STUDENT KILLED IN TRAGIC INCIDENT ON PROM NIGHT!\" On Friday 22 nd June, Ewen High school student: Carrietta White, was killed on Prom night in an attempt of a prank, gone tragically wrong… … One other student: Christine Hargensen & her boyfriend: William Nolan were arrested shortly after the Police & an Ambulance were called, as well as being apprehended by Susan Snell & Thomas Ross… … Carrie's Mother: Margaret White was also arrested while being informed of her daughter's death, by attempted assault on police officers, believed later to be mentally insane, also believed to have possibly showed signs of her behaviour to her daughter… Carrie continued to read the newspaper, learning all that had happened between that night, when she was supposedly killed, & now... … Carrie's funeral will be held at the local church on the 29 th June a 10:30am… Carrie was shocked, she then put the newspaper back where it was, making it look like it had never been touched, before looking around for a calendar, until she found one on the wall. Every day of the month was ticked up to the 29th… Carrie was now really scared, her funeral was tomorrow morning, But what would happen when they see she wasn't really dead? She knew if she just went out & told everyone she was alive all along, it would frighten them. She was even worried that all those who had hurt her, may go back to their old habits if they saw she was still alive… Carrie then took a little time to think, about what to do… Until she thought, & decided… she would have to fake out she was still dead, & leave Chamberlain… Forever… Carrie went out of the room, by opening the locked door with her powers, before looking around all the rooms in the funeral home, while using her powers to not trigger any alarms, & black out all the security cameras, so no one who get evidence that she was still alive… (10 Minutes Later…) Carrie went back into the room where her casket was, while carrying a heavy wooden mannequin with her powers, which she had dressed up in a wing & clothing similar to what she was wearing. She then put the mannequin into the casket, before closing & locking it closed. Carrie then left room, before closing the door quietly & locking it, & then making her way out of the funeral home, while still using her powers to unlock & relock the main door, before leaving, & making her way back to her home… (Half an hour later…) Carrie was now on her home street, approaching her house. Along the way, she had changed out of her funeral dress, for some casual clothing, unalike what she was forced to wear by her mother… Carrie was now wearing a black leather rain jacket, a Navy Blue hoodie hiding her face, a black T-shirt, Black skin-tight jeans & black women's boots. She had to break into a local clothes store to get them, knowing it was wrong & was going against all that her mother forced her to learn, but in this matter, Carrie didn't really have much choice… As Carrie came opposite to her house, she then looked around to make sure no one within the street or the houses could see her, before she then walked around to the back, & entered her house through the back door… (Inside…) Carrie got a bag, & packed it with all her clothes, toiletries & other accessories, despite her thinking of getting new clothing, wherever she may go. Carrie kept the lighting in the house very low, to make sure no one would notice that there was someone within her now non owned house. Carrie also packed her school rucksack with all her books on Telekinesis, as well as the holy cross on her bedroom wall. Carrie would have to worry about food and water while getting away from home, as she then knew she would have to commit another set of sins: Using her Mother's purse , & Cash Card Fraud on her Mother's card , as she entered her mother's bedroom, before looking into her mother's hand bag, & taking her mother's purse. Carrie looked through it, finding enough cash & cash cards to get by with, along with a photo of Carrie & her mother, smiling. \" Goodbye mama…\" Carrie whispered, as tears started forming in her eyes, knowing from this very moment in time, she would never see her mother, ever again, even in Arkham, as she then put purse in her rucksack, before turning off all the lights in the house, & making her way out through the back door again… Carrie then carefully made her way back down the street, with her face down in sadness, also to be hidden, knowing her time to leave home was now… Her new destination: The Local Railway Station… To be continued… HORRORMANIAC19 MESSAGE: \"Hi readers, Sorry for the long delay, but there will be more to come. I now have a job in a retail store, every week day from 9am to 5pm, so I will be using my laptop less often than usual, sorry for this inconvenience, but have no fear, my fanfics will not stop at this, keep an eye out for updates & notifications, Thanks for your patience, & hope you enjoy the future chapters, Rory out…\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Leave it all Behind Date: Friday 29th June 2013 Time: 10:20am Location: Maine Railway Station It was a dim grey sky for the day of Carrie White's funeral, no sunlight, but no rain either, just a dim lighted day of grey clouds, all over Maine. At the local Railway station, Carrie was looking at the timetables, looking for somewhere to catch a train to, somewhere she no one would find her, & always believe she was gone forever. Carrie had spent the rest of the night, accessing & getting all the money on her mother's cash card accounts, before they bank companies had a chance to shut them all down. But when she did it, she couldn't believe the amounts of money that she found on them, the amount that Carrie had added up altogether so far, was over $1000,000 , maybe even more, seeing that her mother had all this money from her jobs & other savings, & she never considered helping themselves in getting the latest in all home based equipment & gadgets, thinking it was all sinful, only spending it on food, drink & clothing at its cheapest… Carrie continued to survey the timetables, until she decided to take a one way trip, to Los Angeles in California, The other side of America, It would be a very long trip, over a few days, & she would have to catch a few more trains to get there, crossing through a large numbers of towns & cities along the way, But Carrie had no concern for the time or length, as long as she could leave Maine, without someone finding out she was still alive… Carrie then walked up into the queue at the ticket office, where she get a one way ticket to Los Angeles, & never be able to return home… (Meanwhile, Back in Chamberlain…) The Black Cadillac Hearse car containing Carrie's casket, was slowly driving towards to the local church, where Carrie's funeral was being held, while everyone else walked on foot to the church. Among the crowds of those walking, were Sue, Tommy, Heather, George & Erika, along with Rita Desjardin, all dressed in a black suits & ties, & Black dresses, Tommy had his right around Sue's shoulder, as they walked on, while Sue had her arms crossed, Both of them, along with all others who were attending the funeral, were either staring blankly as they all walked, or crying as tears dribbled down their faces. Soon they approached the local church… (Meanwhile, Back at the station…) Carrie approached the ticket desk, ready to get her ticket to California… \" Hi there, how can I help you?\" The woman at the ticket desk asked kindly. \" One ticket to California, Please.\" Carrie replied, while putting on a normal impression, to hide her sadness. \" Very well, that'll be $256 please.\" The woman replied kindly again. \" Ok.\" Carrie replied as she gave some of her money through the window, as the woman then passed the tickets through the slot to Carrie, Carrie then picked them up. \" There you go, the next train is on Platform 3, Thank You.\" The woman said kindly. \" Thank you.\" Carrie replied with a small smile before walking off, reverting her smile back to her normal face of unhappiness, walking to Platform 3, to catch her train… (Meanwhile, Back at the church…) Everyone was seated, while Carrie's casket was carried in and lay down before the church stand, & were all shedding tears for the loss of Carrie, despite her being the 'School Reject' , No one wanted to see a shy innocent person like Carrie die, but unfortunately, that nightmare had now become a reality, as she local priest greeted everyone, and began speaking that today's funeral, was to mourn the loss of Carrie White… (Meanwhile, on the Train…) Carrie walked down the coach, until she found an empty seat, put her bags above on the shelf, before taking her seat, and closing her eyes, waiting for the train to leave… \" All aboard!\" one of the station staff called, before blowing his whistle and waving his green flag, signalling the train to go, as the train horn sounded. (Background Music: 'Have No Fear' by Birdyork…) As the train began to pull out of the station, Tears formed and weeped down Carrie's face, as it was time to leave it all behind, that it was now goodbye to her home, to everyone she know… Forever… To be continued…[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: New Neighbour (3 Months Later…) Date: Sunday 22nd September 2013 Time: 7:55am Location: los Angeles, California In a small apartment, that had 2 bedrooms, a Kitchen and Living Room put together and a bathroom, Carrie slept peacefully in her king-sized bed, breathing and snoring gently and quietly. Carrie managed to get a hold of the apartment for less than $800 , not long after she got to Los Angeles, and spent more on decorating & personalising her new home, and get more clothes and food & drink to get by. But within these 3 months, Carrie hadn't really managed to make many friends or close friends, she never really spoke to anyone much, except to some of the neighbours in the other apartments within the block, or the people she worked with at a small tailor shop, she managed to get a part-time job at… but at least, no one made fun of her, and tried anything mean, like Chris's Blood prom Prank, But also, Carrie was glad no one knew about her 'Death' Back in Chamberlain, or knew of her secret survival and escape… As the time struck 8am, Carrie's alarm clock sounded, causing Carrie to moan and grumble, before using her powers to turn off the alarm. Carrie had taken her free time, to practice using her powers, whether she just had Telekinesis, or other known powers far greater. Carrie then looked at her framed photo of her and her mother, giving a small smile, Carrie deeply missed her mother, knowing she also alone in Arkham back home… But she also deeply missed everyone back home, not just those who she cared, and cared for her back, like Sue, Tommy and Miss Desjardin, but she also missed even all those who bullied her, like Chris, Tina and the Watson Twins, even when she learnt of Chris's jail sentence, she was glad that Chris got punished for bullying her, but at the same time, Carrie was upset for it, she may have hated Chris and all those who bullied her, but she didn't want to suffer either… Carrie then got up out of her bed, to get showered and dressed… (30 minutes later…) Carrie came out of her bedroom, and getting showered, cleaned and dressed, wearing a plain golden yellow long sleeved T shirt, a navy blue hoodie, Blue Denim Jeans and white socks, as she went to her kitchen counter, and made some breakfast. Carrie then carried a bowl of cereal with her over to the sofa & table, in front of her HD TV, before taking the remote & turning the TV on to the morning news… \" Good Morning, in Today's News, we have learnt that the former student of Ewen High school in Chamberlain, Maine: Christine Hargensen , Now a prisoner at Maine Correctional Centre, in Windham, is 3 months Pregnant. Miss Hargensen was emitted to the Centre 3 months ago, with a jail sentence of 15 years, after being found guilty for causing the death of her fellow student: Carrie white …\" The News reporter said. Carrie was shocked to learn of this development that had happened to her former enemy, during the last 3 months… \" The father of Miss Hargensen's unborn child is believed to be her former lover: William Nolan , who was unfortunately killed during a fight in Maine State Prison, 2 days ago, who was emitted there also for being involved in Carrie White's Death on Prom Night, with the same length sentence as his former Girlfriend…\" The News Reporter continued. As the news went into her brain, Carrie now felt upset, as much as they were she never liked, and who had brought her pain, she didn't want them to suffer any more than she had… Carrie's Door then knocked loudly. Carrie was nervous, she never really got people knocking at the door, except from the mailman, but Carrie had a feeling it was someone she didn't know… Carrie may have been nervous, but she had enough courage to go answer the door, as she got up and walked towards the front door, before she straightened up a little, before opening the door… \" Hello?\" Carrie said, after she gently opened the front door, & looked to see who it was… \" Hi there.\" Said a voice, as Carrie turned to see a girl… The Girl was about 5'9, she had long flowing Strawberry Blonde hair like Carrie, but redder, she had smooth Caucasian white skin, with Angel tattoos on her right arm, & Demon tattoos on her left arm. She was wearing a black t-shirt, a denim short sleeved jacket, denim shredded jeans, & white jogging trainers. \" Oh Hello, sorry didn't see you there.\" Carrie nervously giggled. \" It's ok, I've just moved into the opposite apartment, I'm Alison, What's your name?\" Alison greeted with a big smile, while extending her hand… \" I'm Carrie, nice to meet you Alison.\" Carrie returned the handshake, secretly nervously. \" Nice to meet you too Carrie. Hey, I know I've just said hi, but can you help me move some boxes into my apartment, Please?\" Alison asked kindly and gently, trying not to upset or be rude to her new neighbour. \" Sure, don't worry, I'd be happy to help.\" Carrie replied, feeling she could trust Alison, feeling the burdened emotions she'd felt all her life, slowly lightening, as she & Alison left Carrie's door, after Carrie locked it, and went to help her new friend with moving into her new home… (3 hours later…) Carrie & Alison, were now tired out from all the box hauling and unpacking, and hungry… \" Hey Carrie, I'm thinking of going to get some lunch, wanna come along? I'd like to introduce you to some of my friends.\" Alison asked generously. \" Sure, I'd love to.\" Carrie replied delightfully, feeling more of her nervous burdening emotions lifting, feeling that she was being accepted by someone, despite her not knowing of her tragic past, but also wondered and hoped that there would be more people who would accept her for who she was, even if they were ever to discover who she really was… To be continued…[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Meeting a Perfect Match (Later…) Carrie was enjoying hanging around with her new Friend, Alison, despite knowing her for only a few hours, but during that time, both girls, were feeling a slight flurry of emotions, as they talked and thought about each other. Carrie & Alison were currently in the living room/Kitchen of Carrie's apartment, eating some lunch, but in that time, Carrie felt she was getting close to her new friend, but was also nervous about what Alison would think of her, once she knew about her past, & why she was here… But Carrie knew she would find out soon enough, so Carrie took in some breath, just as Alison noticed Carrie's nervous looks… \" Carrie? Are you Ok? You look worried…\" Alison asked in concern. \" Alison… There's a secret I need to tell you… A dark secret…\" Carrie said nervously. \" Yeah, What is it Carrie?\" Alison said calmly. \" If you've probably wondered why I'm here, it's… it's quite a tragic story…\" Carrie continued… \" What do you mean?\" Alison asked worry. \" Did you ever hear about a girl who was killed in a prank on her prom night, in chamberlain, Maine?\" Carrie asked nervously. \" Yes I did, she was picked on by everyone, including her own mother, and then on her prom night, she was pranked, with a bucket of blood, before hitting & killing her…her name was Carrie Whi-…\" Alison replied, but stopped half way through, noticing something wasn't right... \"Did you know Carrie White?\" \" I am Carrie White…\" Carrie said as she stood up slowly, as Alison suddenly realised Carrie's face looked very familiar… \" Oh my God… but if you're alive, why did they say you were dead? Did Chris Hargensen kill someone else, mistaking them for you?\" Alison asked with shock. \" No, I was hit by that bucket, but it only left me catatonically dormant for a week, I then woke up in a coffin on the night before my funeral. But after realising everything that had happened, I couldn't go and tell everyone I was still alive, it would've scared them to death, so I faked out that I was dead, & ran away, somewhere where my past could hopefully never find me…\" Carrie replied, about to cry… \" Hey, don't cry sweetie, I understand what you've been through, & It's hard I know, but I'm not going to tell on ya, especially in case my aunt from chamberlain was to turn up…\" Alison said calmly again to comfort Carrie, along with hugging her. \" You have an aunt back in Chamberlain?\" Carrie asked in concern & worry, thinking it may have been someone she knew… \" Yeah, she told me about what had happened, the day after the prom on the phone, she couldn't stop crying, and she was really heartbroken…\" Alison said in sadness… \" If you don't mind me asking Alison, who was your aunt? Did she work at my school?\" Carrie asked in concern again, feeling she might know exactly who Alison's aunt was… \" Yes, she was a gym teacher, her name was Rita, Rita Desjardin…\" Alison replied, as Carrie's face dropped… \" Oh my god… You're Miss Desjardin's niece…\" Carrie replied with shock and surprise. \" Yeah I am, if don't mind me asking as well Carrie, was Aunt Rita nice to you? Cause she did tell me nearly everyone at school was horrible to you…\" Alison asked in concern. \" Yes she was Alison, Your aunt was really the only teacher who stuck up for me, & she gave confidence for many things, if it wasn't for her, I would never have had the courage to go to prom…\" Carrie replied with a sigh of happiness. \" I knew she was, she used to do the same for me, when I was picked on at high school as well…\" Alison sighed with happiness aswell. \" You were bullied as well? Why? What had other people got against you?\" Carrie asked with concern and shock. \" Other girls were jealous, because boys and other girls found me prettier, but also because I'm a lesbian… but there's also another reason, which I've kept secret from many, even Aunt Rita…\" Alison replied nervously. \" Can I ask what that secret is, if you're ok telling me, I won't judge or tell on you, as you won't tell on me.\" Carrie replied kindly. \" Sure… Carrie… I have special powers…\" Alison replied nervously. \" Oh my god… I… I never thought I'd meet another girl like me that much…\" Carrie gasped. \" What do you mean Carrie? Are you saying you have powers too?\" Alison asked with surprise, beginning to believe she may have found someone who finally understood what she was talking about. \" Yes, I have Telekinesis & Telepathy.\" Carrie replied. \" I have that too, but my telepathy, can read minds, in multiple languages.\" Alison replied also with glee. \"You know Carrie, I'd like to learn more about our powers… together.\" \" I'm… I'm kinda thinking that same thing…\" Carrie blushed. \" We must be so in sync.\" Alison joked, as Carrie giggled with agreement. \" Carrie, May I also ask you this, but you don't have to, if you're nervous…\" Alison asked in a blush… \" Sure, what would that be, Alison?\" Carrie asked. \" Are you straight or lesbian, or even Bi?\" Alison asked calmly. \" Well… I thought I was into boys, but when I look back at myself, I kinda feel attracted to girls more… I never told anyone because I didn't want anyone to know, in case of more bullying, I know I dated a boy at prom, but I think his girlfriend set us up to make for her bullying mistakes…\" Carrie replied in a blush also, but kept speaking in her honesty. \" Ah ok, If you wonder why I ask Carrie, It's because… I kinda like you, a lot, I know we've only just met, but I've never met anyone, not even a girl, who is as honest, kind & cute as you… You're honestly growing on me fast Carrie…\" Alison explained nervously. \" You're kinda growing fast on me too Alison...\" Carrie also replied nervously. \" Carrie… I know this is very early to ask, but… would you be my girlfriend?\" Alison asked calmly in a nervous blushing tone. \" I'd love to Alison. But can we take it slowly? Nothing serious yet.\" Carrie asked with agreement. \" Of course Carrie, whenever you're ready, I'll also be ready… Come here you.\" Alison replied, as she & Carrie hugged tightly, before sharing a kiss… To be continued… ","Summary":" All CARRIE (2013) Characters © Kimberly Pierce & Stephen King CARRIE: Hide & Run Chapter 1: That Tr"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Seeing the Truth","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12120373","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Eyyo! Welcome, welcome. So, this is chapter one in Seeing the Truth, part one in the (probably) three part long Trust Me! You have no idea how proud I am of this. Or how long time it took me to write. This whole first part (Seeing the Truth) is Oh's point of view throught the movie, begining right after Paris. So, just so you know it, I'm obsessed with soul-bonds, soul-mates and the like. You name it, I've got it. So, as I never once throught the whole movie Home saw any other Boov then Oh turn pink (If you've seen a Boov turn pink, please tell me so I can go and be useful by drowning myself in the toilet.), my mind thought that 'Okay, fair enough, the Boov may be cold creatures, basically not being able to feel happy feelings- but what if there's a reason besides that? I mean, besides Smek, too?' Boom. Plot bunnies all over the place. Yeeeeah. Okay. So, Seeing the Truth will be exactly five parts long, involving one scene that's not canon (It's in this chapter, and you'll clearly see where it begins), three words that's not canon (Oh mouthing 'I love you' the moment he 'dies'), naming the Gorg and one Boov AND an epilouge in the last chapter. Though I haven't added any new characters, Trust Me (hehe. See what I did there? No? Oya.) Yeah, and, I made the Death Song amazing. Just for the record. Uhm. SPOILERS, of course. *insert disclaimer here* Trust Me – Part One Seeing the Truth – Chapter One, Under the Stars Song(s): 'Feel The Light', by Jennifer Lopez. 'Cannonball', by Kiesza. «What is the purpose of your face?» Upon hearing Gratuity Tucci's voice, Oh turned slightly to show he'd heard her. He felt weird. Funny. The last few hours he'd had a lot of stuff on his mind. He wanted to tell her. He wanted her to know everything, he wanted to tell her everything about what he was. Who he was. And he wanted to know everyhting. But that could wait. The point is; he wanted to tell her everything. Anything. He didn't know why he wanted to tell her, or how he was supposed to, but he wanted to. Badly. «I…» he began, furrowing his brows and thinking slightly. How was he going to tell her? He wanted her to know everything, everything possible. «Has confusion.» he told her. It wasn't exactly what he felt, but it was close enough. Oh turned around and began slowly walking towards the Slushious, Gratuity Tucci following after him with Pigcat in her arms. «I do not wish to be erased… but- maybe captain Smek is right. It is possible I will continue making hilarious mistakes.» Well, okay, that wasn't exactly it , either, but this, too, was closeness. Gratuity Tucci snorted and bumped her hip into his side, saying «Probably.» «That is not making me feel better!» Oh protested, feeling slightly hurt. Fair enough, maybe she was trying to make him feel better by joking with him, but she couldn't have given him some sympathy or anything? You would never make a Boov feel better by telling them that they're making mistakes. She rolled her eyes. «Nobody's perfect. You know, my mom says your mistakes are what makes you human.» she smiled, putting Pigcat into the car through the open window and turning to look at him. Oh shrugged slightly. «That is not what makes you Boov.» he decided. Gratuity Tucci rolled her eyes at him again (though playfully), and made a move to open the door. He had to do it now, Oh realised, if he ever wanted to do it correctly. He gently placed his own hand over her's. «Gratuity Tucci.» he begun, taking away his hand and walking a few steps backwards. «Before we came, captain Smek told us that- the humans needed us.» he told her. Gratuity Tucci removed her hand and cocked her head slightly at him, looking confused and oddly expectant. «That the humans were just like the animals. And that we could to make them better. Teach to them. We were told the humans… were simple. And backwards. It- it is what we thought.» he admitted. The last thirty-eight hours he had begun to feel greatly ashamed by this. «But I am thinking now… that we were thinking wrong . And that captain Smek is the wrongest. » he said, taking a step forwards almost without realising what he was doing. «I am thinking that the Boov should never have come to Smekland.» he paused hesitantly. Something felt wrong… Realising his mistake, he quickly edited himself. «To- Earthland. So I am saying… the sorry , to you, Gratuity Tucci.» You are one piece of a stupid Boov, Oh , he thought. Look at that face, that face clearly shows she's not interested in listening to your shit - he stopped himself when he suddenly felt overwhelmed. In a brief moment he wondered what it was, but then- her feelings! he realised. Her feelings were crashing down over him like waves, destroying without touching, being there but at the same time not. Now I deffinatly know humans are much more complicated then I thought. Boovs can normaly only feel one feeling at a time, and they can very often name that feeling on the spot. But what this ''simple humansgirl'' were feeling- he'd never felt anything like it. In the begining, when he met her, he'd thought humans could almost not feel, that they were indeed simple and backwards. Oh could sense Gratuity Tucci's waves, all from the begining, but he could never pick them up. He ended up thinking that humans couldn't feel strong feelings at all. Boy, he was wrong! What she was feeling now, was so different from what a Boov feel. What a Boov can feel. Their feelings are very strict, almost always one at a time. Strong, oh yes, but only one. He almost staggered at the intensity of her feelings, and the way they were mixed -! The human in thought brought him back to the world of living by holding the car-key out in front of her. Surprised, Oh held his own hand out, and she dropped the key in his palm. His fingers curled around them on instinct. «Call me Tip.» she smiled. It took Oh a moment to understand what she was talking about, and his thoughts spun. 'call me Tip' 'call me Tip' 'call me Tip' '…my friends call me Tip' And then it clicked- he couldn't stop the smile from spreading on his face as he clutched the key tight to his chest. And, if he hadn't been so busy with looking into Tip's eyes –those eyes , gee!-, he might have been able to see how his skin turned a weird shade of mixed pink and orange. If he'd seen it, he might have spared the two of them a lot of trouble. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Oh smiled slightly as he listened to Tip –Tip! How wonderfull it was to call her that, he said her name more often then needed just to hear the word- play a tune on her guitar. It was still a little bit weird to actually (and, he admitted to himself, finally ) feel her feelings, but he was growing more or less used to it. He chuckled softly to himself when he remebered her reaction when he almost ate the guitar she was playing with. She would make a wonderful Boov with temper problems, he decided. «It was a new home.» she suddenly said, and he threw a look in her direction as she looked at him. What was she playing at? «A new country. I tried to make friends at school, but…» she glanced at him, and even if Oh hadn't felt the waves of emotions crush into him he'd been able to read the pain in her eyes. God, what's wrong with me? He didn't even know the problem, but he wanted to reach out and pat her back, he wanted to comfort her so badly. He'd always been able to read Boovs, not only in emotions but also because they were an extremely easy species to understand. Everything counted, body language even more then anything. But never in his whole Boov life had he ever felt sadness like the one that was radiating from his human friend. (And those eyes, gee! So expressionful ) «I was like… this nerd from Barbados.» she said, and the sadness increased. Oh nearly hit himself in the head as he tried to find something to tell her. Then his whole body lit up. «But you dids to get an 'A' in geometry!» he tried desperatly, wanting so badly to make her feel good again. He almost sighed in relief as her feelings changed slightly. «Yeah. I did.» she smiled at him, her fingers never leaving the guitar. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «I know, when the other Boovs said 'Oh' they were not happy to see me.» Oh admitted, throwing quick glances over at Tip, the current driver. He'd decided that if she told him her story, he'd tell her his, but it felt like she was judging him. After all, that was what he'd grown up with. And this was a painful truth, really, because he'd never even admitted it to himself, though he had known in the deepest pits of his heart that that was how it was. Surprised at the pained sadness Tip felt, he glanced over at her again. To his shock she was looking at him , and his heart jumped slightly when he understood that she was sad on his behalf. She wasn't judging him «The true is» he mumbled, pressing a finger against the Lotto machine he'd 'borrowed' from the MOPO. «Among Boovs… I do not fit in.» And this time he actually looked at Tip, not only glancing at her. «I… fit out.» he said, looking down into his lap with a sad expression. He jumped a little when he felt Tip place her hand on his shoulder, but when he saw who and what it was, he smiled at her. ( GOING OUT OF CANON ) «Hey, Oh?» Tip asked after a few seconds in silence. Oh looked up at her. «How old are you, in reality?» she wondered, curiously. Oh smiled at her. He knew what she was doing, and it was working. He'd never met anyone so good at doing it; change his thoughts. «I am adult-.» he begun, but before he could finish his sentence, Tip hit the breaks and turned over to look at him. «What!?» she exclaimed. «Among Boov» Oh whispered, turning yellow. He did not like the shock and mild anger Tip was feeling for the moment. He gulped. «What?» she said again, calmer this time, and the car was again in movement. «A-among Boov, I am adult. But I have lived in nine plus four years.» he told her, the yellow slowly fading into the dull purple of his skin. «Why do you say it like that?» Tip asked, smiling and looking at him from the drivers seat. Oh shrugged. «Boov have the life time of a humansperson, but in the age nine we are adult.» he explained slowly, hoping she'd understand. She made a sound of understanding, and he knew she had. «So you are, in reality, thirteen years?» she said. Oh couldn't quite decifer the feelings he could feel on her skin, since they did really not come with nametags. Though, he knew what it was, but he'd never felt it himself, or on any other Boov for that matter. He knew it, but at the same time not. He waved the thought away. It wasn't something to ponder about. «Nine plus four, yes.» he said. «Then I'm older then you.» Tip smirked. Oh cast her a look. Earlier, she'd said she was a child, when they crossed the atlantic, but- oh, nevermind. «What does you mean?» he asked confused. «I'm nine plus five .» she told him. Oh didn't quite understand why she was so happy and smug about the fact that she had lived one year more then him, but he waved that thought away too. Nothing to ponder about. Among Boovs, age didn't really matter that much, so naturally, he was confused. «I-.» Tip suddenly said, and Oh turned to look at her. She was looking sad again, her eyebrows knitted together and her mouth slightly agape. «Do tell me, Tip.» he urged, when he understood that she was holding something back. «W-when I was nine plus two, I- I fell down from a building.» she whispered, glancing at him then quickly away. Oh could tell she was ashamed and scared, plus slightly sad. «Or, more correctly! I was pushed.» she grimaced, and her shame turned to anger. Oh turned slightly red himself; to push someone down from a building is rude. Not nice. Seriously. «It was one of my classmates. Jealous of my 'nerdieness'.» she sighed. Oh listened closely. Who was the devil? Where did he live, full name, any allergies he should know of? Any phobias? «I'm all past it now, of course, but…» Oh decided it didn't matter that Tip didn't hold any grudges towards the little snail, but Oh did. And Oh almost never held any grudges towards anyone. «My whole right side –and I mean the whole right side, my leg, my hipbone, my shoulder and arm… the entire right side was crushed. It's a miracle I can still walk.» Tip whispered, and Oh turned white. That sounded bad. Like. Really bad. This guy was not going to have a nice, short death, surely not. «I was held in the hospital almost a whole year before the doctors let me out. It was surprisingly fast, considering I was, literally, crushed. When I actually could walk again, my mom held a party. It was really worth coming to, and everyone that came wanted to talk to me. I was actually happy. I changed schools, but, because of the fact I were held in hospital a whole year, I needed to take fifth grade over again.» Oh nearly saw red. «What about the mate class» he asked, all his muscles ready for fight or flight. He knew he was burning a deep, hot red, but he didn't really care, not now. Where did these feelings come from? He'd never –EVER- been so mad at anyone before. Tip glanced over at him at the sound of his voice. Oh didn't see it, but when she saw his colour, she smiled fondly. The only reason Oh knew she did, was because of her feelings. «The idiot were removed from his parents and went through a lot of shit because of what he did. I've never seen him again.» she assured him. «Uhm… Oh?» she asked, and Oh finally glanced up at her. «You- you're not going to kill him, are you?» Oh snorted a laughter, but, feeling that she was uncomfortable at his anger, tried to calm down. «I am sorry.» he whispered, and looked surprised up when the car stopped moving. «Com 'ere.» Tip smiled, and held her arms out. The next moment she was hugging him. Oh's eyes widened briefly, but he enjoyed the physical contact. It was weird, how the Boov accepted anger more then they accepted better feelings, feelings that felt better, like hope or friendlieness. But he found it even weirder, how humanspersons accepted both. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Oh had to seriously re-consider his believes, he decided. Boov was deffinetly not that good at deciding what was useless after all. For a while ago, Tip had asked him what the 'clouds' were supposed to do. Apparently, she meant the balls of 'Uselesness', as captain Smek called them. After that, every time they'd passed one, Tip explained what they were used for. For examples, one of the first things he'd seen be Useless, was called a bicycle, and they were used as a form of transport for humanspersons. The items that'd saved a few Boov officers in Paris at the top of the great antenna were apparently umbrellas, and they were used as a way of keeping the rain away. Oh'd been surprised at that, since the Boov originally was an aqua-animal after all. And they'd even banned tables from Earthland. With that thought in mind, he opened his candybar and smiled at Tip, who smiled back. «She is so amazing.» she said, and showed Oh a picture of her Mymom with her cellphone. Oh let out a joyful gasp at the picture of the two hugging, before he stuffed the candy paper into his mouth. «She spared everything she had so we could move and things would be better for us.» Oh's heart leapt with joy when Tip took the candy he offered her without even hesitating. He was really exited to meet this Mymom. Anyone who cared so badly for Tip must be great persons. «Oh! I cannot wait to meet Mymom.» he told Tip and took the phone from her. She smiled at him under the stars, the light from them shining in her eyes, and Oh found his breath stuck in his troath. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Oh was pretty sure that he could never see Smek into the eyes ever again, as both he and Tip erupted into laughter. For the moment, Oh was pretending to be the captain by holding a blue comb over his mouth and waving wildly with Tip's guitar. He was amazed that she actually let him do it, after the episode where he almost ate it. «My name is captain Smek! Shush, shush, shush!» he laughed, and Tip barked out a new series of laughter. Oh smiled at her, and even in the middle of all the laughing, he couldn't but pause and enjoy the sound. Never had he laughed so much in his whole life, and never had anyone laughed with him . (He loved it.) He enjoyed it greatly. The future wasn't something he cared much about. It wasn't in Boov nature to do so, and that just made enjoying these moments with Tip much easier. «Boov tecnology is faaaaaaaaar to complicated for a simple humansgirl to figure out!» she suddenly pretended, and both of them fell apart in laughter. Never had Oh felt better or more at ease with anyone. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Outside of the Slushious the rain was falling heavy. Oh was driving, with a small smile tugging gently at his lips. The last few hours had been some of the best hours in his life. He had to admit it to himself now; he'd realised he hated the life he'd had before. Earlier. B.G.T (Before Gratuity Tucci). But of course, he had to live with it. And besides, he didn't know anything else at the time. He didn't even know he hated it. And he was listening to music. Humanspersons music, actually. When he allowed himself to do it, when he allowed himself to be unique, he found he rather enjoyed it. He didn't listen to the text, not really, but he still loved it. Hearing a soft noise from the back of the car, he turned around to look at Tip's sleeping form. He felt some alien warmth bloom in his chest, and couldn't stop the smile from spreading on his lips. When Tip turned around in her sleep, and her blanket fell of her, Oh made a surprised sound, but the noise drowned in the music. He placed his pads on the wheel before reaching back and placing the blanket over the girl again. He smiled fondly at her. His whole life, he hadn't really had anyone to care about, but he'd still tried. Though nobody appreacciated it. But now…. now that he knew someone, now that he actually had someone to care about, he'd never let them go. Now that he actually had someone to care about, she'd have the best time of her life in his company. He patted her back gently before leaning back into the front, replacing his pads with his hands. Oh slowly turned up the music, and surprised himself when he danced slightly in the seat. Not because he danced , but because he did it himself, and not some weird Boov instinct. Glancing over at the seat next to him, he saw Pigcat and reached out to pet him. He smiled again when the cat purred softly. When he looked out the front window, he was met with a wonderful sight. The stars outside looked oddly known, as if he'd seen something like it before, and he let out a small gasp when he realised they actually kinda looked like the ones from the 'art' Tip had brought from Paris. He turned to look at it, and smiled. Again. He got the weird urge that we wanted to look at Tip yet again (although he'd been looking at her much the last few hours), and instead of turning around to do so, he quickly adjusted the rear mirror so it showed the back of the car and her sleeping form. If he hadn't been so busy looking at it, he might have noticed that he turned a hot, bright pink. But he didn't. Though, he was perfectly fine knowing that she was his friend. They were friends, and in his blissful obliviation of what they were, that was enough. What he didn't know, was that later… that feeling and colour would mean so much more. -END CHAPTER ONE-[Chapter 2] A/N: I vaccumed here as fast as I could! Eyy! I'm back! Okay, so you know. I was supposed to write which scenarios and stuff that was un-canon, but... meh. I dun' care. Here we go! More fluff. And danger. Plus another canon scene. Trust Me – Part One Seeing the Truth – Chapter Two, Refusing to let go Word Count: 3238 Song(s): 'Drop That', by Jacob Plant The next morning, Oh woke with a start when Tip let out a surprised scream. He himself did so, too, when he saw the reason. Boov officers. They were surrounded! Are you for real? This was not going according to his plan. Na-ah. His sleepy mind didn't actually pick up on Tip's feelings quite yet, but he could still sense her panick, and that woke him up a little too much, a little too quick, and the adrenalin pumped through his body. «How did they find us!?» Tip shrieked and jumped into the front seat next to him, glancing wildly around. There were officers everywhere, above them, beneath them, in the front and in the back, at each sides- and they were all moving with the Slushious. «I do not know!» Oh answered slightly panicked, just as one of the Boov officers appeared on their side. Something felt wrong… Tip gasped and fell down from the seat when said officer threw a look at them. Quickly after, when Oh did not follow, she took hold of his right nose and dragged him down with her. They both begun hyperventilating when Oh noticed exactly what felt wrong. «They're not attacking…» Tip whispered, reading his mind, before furrowing her eyebrows and looking surprised out of the window. And it was right, they did not attack. This was not a good thing, Oh knew as such. He knew that captain Smek had told every Boov to be on guard about him, and now, Tip. If they weren't doing exactly like their captain'd told them… there could only be one thing they were doing. They… «Because they are running away…» Oh realised. But what could make the Boov so scared that they were running away from Earthland? «Why are they running away?» Tip asked, wondering abou the exact same thing. Oh turned yellow when he realised it. Oh no. Oh no. Nononono no ! «There can only be one reason» he whispered. Tip let out a terrified shriek as Gorg ships at the size of the Slushious dropped into the line of escaping Boovs. «Gorg» Oh said and turned further yellow. Tip turned to look out of the window, her panick increasing and becoming fear, as Oh said «This makes no sense!» while he desperatly turned the wheel to dodge both Boov and Gorg the like. Tip whimpered as she kept twisting and turning in her seat, trying to look in every direction possible. The intense fear hunting her body made Oh feel sick, and he had to push the urge to just take her and jump away. What do I do? I've gotta get us out of this! She can't be here, she's never faced the Gorg before- what do I do!? «I stops the message!» he cried to no one in particular, feeling desperate and slightly scared. It was not fair, this were not how things were supposed to go. He had to fight back the childish urge to yell at the Gorg for coming when there really were no way they could. He refused to die now! He'd crossed the bloody atlantic in a flying car! «Woah!» he called when a Gorg ship dropped right in front of them. Quickly turning the wheel, his thoughts spun again. What do I dooooo!? «The Gorg cannot to finding us!» he complained, hyperventilating slightly. And it was true ! How could they find them if they were hidden on Earthland? It was impossible! Tip turned around in the seat and shot a look backwards. «Then how did they!?» she whimpered. I don't know! «There must be another reason!» Oh decided. And it had to, the Gorg couldn't just check every planet in the whole galaxy now, could they? Both of them screamed, and Oh turned a bright yellow when a Gorg ship dropped right in front of them. He wasn't quick enough to save them, but with Tip on his side he could do anything . (Saving the world) (Tricking the Boov) (Crossing the atlantic) (Turning the great antenna upside down) (making friends with animals) ( change ) I refuse to let go of all that now. I must save us. The car jumped a few meters upwards, dodging the Gorg just in time thanks to the girl. Tip popped her head out of the window and exclaimed «Oh! Behind us!» with fear filling her voice, her thoughts and her mere being. She was trusting him to do something about this, he realised. She was looking to him for help. I refuse to let go. «Engage weapon system!» he said, a maniac smile on his lips. Since he'd created this beast of a machine he'd always wanted to use her weapons. He flipped open a cover and revealed a red button. «We have a weapon-system !?» Tip cried. Hell yeah! Oh pushed the button before anyone could complain. He gulped as the Gorg ship came closer and closer to the car, and shooting a look at the mirror he franticaly read the text 'Objects in the mirror are closer then they appear'. I'm going to save us. I must. I refuse to let her go. Pling! «GO!» he yelled, as two warm packs of humanspersons food shot out. «Burrito Torpedo!» The two warm packs hit the ship hard, and literally melted the metall. «Yes!» the two friends cried in unison, just as they took a highfive and the ship went down. But that was only one Oh thought. And with that thought, a part of the ship they shot down hit the window with a crash. Tip shrieked, and Oh felt the urge to throw up at the fear radiating from her. It was a different fear than the ones he was used to; this was old, it felt old, a fear from the ancient times, and he could almost smell and taste it. Boov fear was simple. It was fear for ones life, fear of dying. The fear Tip was feeling was very very different. Of course it was the fear of loosing her life, too, but that was only a small part of it. Oh didn't recognise much of the fear she felt, but he knew the ancient fear she was feeling, was the fear of loosing something important. Loosing some one important . Even in the situation they were in, Oh couldn't help his heart leaping in joy and his mind spinning helplessly. She was scared of loosing him. It was then he realised they were litterally spinning; the car was begining to loose height! «We've been hit!» Tip cried helplessly. Dammit! «We're losing Grape Escape!» she called, as the car lost even more height, going further down, closer and closer to the ground. «We lost Tangeringe Twist!» Oh no! No! No, dear GOD please! I wanted to get out of the situation, not from the ashes to the fire! «If we lose Busta Lime I cannot control!» Oh shrieked just as he barely dodged a mountain. The fear wasn't only Tip's now; he was scared out of his good skin. Turning bright yellow he begun fiddling with his seat belt. «We are going to crash!» he freaked out, orange waves crushing over his body. «Oh!» Tip shrieked and clicked it on for him. Thank you Tip, I don't know what I'd do without you he thought sarcastically. They both screamed when the Slushious made ground contact, where it begun spinning wildly. Oh didn't know for how long it did, he only knew one thing. He was clutching Tip's hand tight in his own, and she was holding on at least as hard. I don't want her to die. She can't. Not now! She's faced armed Boov more then once, she just faced the Gorg, she cannot die in a carcrash! I refuse ! And then the car crashed with a rock, and everything went silent. Humanspersons obviously managed to heal quicker then Boov after their minds had been turned into milkshake, Oh decided, when Tip jumped out of the car long before his own mind settled at the fact that they were not spinning anymore. «Oh nononononono no !» Tip cried. Upon hearing this, Oh made his way out of the car even if his mind still thought the world were upside down. «Slushoius, no !» she said as he fell face-first to the ground. What's going on? Feeling the desperation and panick in Tip's voice, Oh decideed that he probably didn't want to know. When he reached her, she was trying to stop the fuel of pouring out from large cracks in he car. Ah, shit. «Don't just stand there, help!» she wailed, waving at him. He watched, knowing so badly that he wanted to help, but it was no use. The Slushious was dying. «Come on, come on, come on, come on!» Oh stood still, wishing desperatly to help Tip. But he couldn't, there were no hope. They were doomed. Tip sighed audibaly when the last of the slush fell to the ground and the Slushious' lights died. «She's gone.» she whispered. «We are doomed.» Oh agreed, turning blue as Tip turned away. «Now I'll never make it to Australia.» she whispered, clutching her hand close to her chest. Oh almost cried out at the pain in her voice. Oh, how he wanted to take her to Australia. He still remembered her look when they crossed the Atlantic, one of her worst moment. He wanted to bring her to Australia, he wanted to help her find her Mymom. He knew how it was to feel sad. And mad. «I will now sing the Boov death-song.» he decided, 'ahem'ed and began to sing. Personaly, he rather liked the death-song. It was a beautiful, slow song about Death and the next adventure, and how you shouldn't look at it as an ending, but a begining (though it was only the movements that signaled the begining and not the end). It was an old song, from the times the first Boov wandered on dust and rock. From the times the Boov were allowed to be sad. Allowed to be happy. Accompanied by the movements, the original lyrics turned to something more meaningful, something more beautiful. Suddenly, in the middle of the first verse (which he rather liked) Tip interrupted him. «A Gorg-ship!» she said, suddenly hopeful again. Though he didn't like being interupted, he had to almost smile at her voice. «It is rude to interupt the Death Song.» he stubbornly said. What would she do with the Gorg-ship anyways? «Maybe you can take the parts of it and fix our car!» she smiled. Oh's heart warmed slightly when she said 'our' car. But still… «I cannot.» he told her, crossing his arms over his chest. «Those are Gorgparts. They are metric?» The last statement were made a question, begging her to understand what he meant. Apparently, she didn't. «We're not getting this close and giving up!» And with that she turned and begin walking towards the smoke-cloud. Oh were stunned into silence. Seriously? «Come on!» she called, waving a hand at him. «No!» he cried, flashing red for a brief moment. How could she not understand this? «Always with the running towards danger!» he mocked, grimacing when she turned around to look at him. She rolled her eyes. «Stop being such a Boov ! It's our only chanse, come on!» Okay, that- that actually hurt a little. I am a Boov. He growled and clenched his fits. Should he go with her? Would she be safe? Would he be safe? What were he going to do if she died? Would any Gorgs harm her? For a Boov, he used long time to decide himself. Humanspersons has a very strict look at time; it goes smoothly, with no changes at all. And they can definitely not decide how they will feel it. He'd noticed that when he jumped out of the car over the Atlantic. For Boov, time was a flying thing. A thing they could bend at their own will. Not the real time, of course, but a Boov could decide if he wanted to feel like an hour was one hour, a half or two, to make an exapmles. So. For a Boov, he gave himself long time to decide, but for a humansperson it was probably just a few seconds. «This has low possibility of succes!» he called after her, turning red but hurrying after her into the forest. Towards the danger. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Seeing the Gorg-ship in the distance, Oh caught himself again speculating on how to turn away and run. And again, he told himself no . Tip's here he recalled. I won't leave her. Not now, not later, not ever. I'll always return. «Let's go!» said Tip whispered. Oh mentaly groaned. «Uh! The- wait!» he whispered. He didn't want to do it, but if he had to stay with Tip he would at least try to lead her away from danger. She turned around for a moment. «For what?» «For you to change your mind.» Oh decided, stipling his fingertips together and smiling nervously at her. «Urgh! Come on.» Oh whimpered and turned yellow again, screwing his eyes shut and pushing himself forward. He was surprised to see that Tip wasn't scared the least, and it was actually kinda reassuring. But he still could not decide if that meant the humanspersons were brave, or just plain stupid. Well. He'd proven in Paris that at least Tip wasn't stupid; he'd shown that when the other Boovs laughed at her, he'd grabbed hold of the nearest object stuck to the ground. He stopped abruptly when he saw a long stick at the ground. It looked like an Ithemba, a weapon the Boov used in the more early times, with a long handle and sharp, bowed tip. Quickly, he picked it up and held it tight in his grasp. It looked known, it was kinda reassuring, that too. He offered it to Tip. Surely, she'd handled weapons before. He had not. It surprised him when she just took hold of it, so they were holding it together. For Boov, that meant much more then for humans. Boov don't share things. If they do, it's very rare. When you decide to share something with someone, something that's not food or a place to sit or something, it means a strong sign of friendship. Boov are not capable of loving; it is physically impossible for them, and they use genes and DNA to create new Boovs, but they can have friends. It's just very. Very. Rare. But, Oh knew that humans often shared things, and pushed his undeniable hope away. Together they moved towards the Gorg-ship. Suddenly, startling him, Tip roared and ran to the ship with the Ithemba held high over her head. She stopped abrubtly, and Oh could almost taste her surprise. He, being too low to see anything, wondered what she was surprised over. She panted slightly and dropped the stick. «Heh. There's no pilot.» Ah. Jumping a little bit, Oh managed to see inside, and seeing she was right, he fell to the ground panting like he'd ran a marathon. «It is just a drone.» «Hooo! That could have been badness!» he breathed, clutching the clothing over his chest, pointedly ignoring the looks Tip shot him. He found it kinda offending that she was amused of his fear, but he pushed it aside. «But we are not safety. Gorg mothership would be here soon enough.» he told her, and tried to climb up into the drone. Flailing, he felt slightly embarrassed, but when Tip pushed him gently it disappeared as he saw the insides of the drone. It was every Boovs wet dream. The Boov are a creative species, and all of them have at least basic knowledge of creation and technology. And this-! This was fantastic ! «Can you use any of this?» Tip interupted him, and he begun picking the drone apart. «Broken.» he said, throwing a Qhuba over his shoulder, hoping Tip would dive away. «Useless.» He rolled his eyes and threw away an Imisa. Freezing slightly, his thoughts spun quickly and he created a few long seconds going through all opportunities. No, using it to drive would not help any of them. «May cause terma nuclear fiction.» he mumbled absently and got rid of the Lula with a heavy heart. It would be great to have one; they made it simpler to drive and control the ships. He froze when he got sight of what he was only hoping to find. He shrieked, pulling loose the item and had a spontanous JoX (Joyful exclamation, got the name from SmekXD), dancing around Tip and laughing. «Uhhh… whoah whoah whoah! What is it?» she asked. Feeling her confusion, Oh tried to calm down and took deep breaths. «It is Gorg super-chip!» he yelled, and then it began again. Those were rare . And complicated to make. «Why is it called 'super-chip'?» Tip asked, laughter clear in her voice and eyes. «Uh- it is mostly marketing. But! it is key for Gorg are having better machines that are stronger and better at everything so we can never fight them with equaltood!» he explained quickly. The Slushious would be the most bad-ass flying car the world had ever seen! «Can you use it to fix Slushious?» Tip asked, as if reading his minds. And when Oh answered «Yes! Yes, the Slushious will fly again.», her joy was overwhelming though she did not show it more then a little happy dance. He had a minor JoX attack, but when he looked up again, Tip was watching him with a taunting look, her arms crossed over her chest, half-smirk in place and one eyebrow higher then the other. In a short moment he was confused, but then it hit him. He'd run towards danger, even though the chances of succes were below fifty percent. He'd succeeded. He understood everything now. He smiled sheepishly. «It was low probability of succes.» he said, and knew that Tip understood him. «Some Boov you are.» she smirked, punching him playfully in the shoulder. Yeah. Some Boov I am. He shot a quick glance up at the sky, and froze in shock. Gorg drones. He gasped. We have to get away. Now! «Quickly. We must fix the Slushious and find Mymom.» he said hurried, and begun walking back, stuffing the Gorg super-chip into his front pocket. Tip sighed. « My mom.» she told him. «That is the thing I said,» Oh smirked, knowing exactly what she meant. Really, he was just too lazy to stop saying it. He was pushing juuust her right buttons. «I knew this would all work out!» Tip smiled, and Oh rolled his eyes, playful smile on his lips. Suuure. He froze a brief moment when he remembered the primitive Ithemba . «I will returning.» he quickly told Tip, before he ran back before she could stop him. Using his Boovphone he quickly shrank the stick before stuffing both the now small Ithemba and his Boovphone into his pocket again. And then he ran back again, to a confused Tip. She didn't ask him anything, but he knew she was suscpicious. But that was fine. He knew of a perfect gift to her. -End Chapter Two-[Chapter 3] A/N: Okay. I warn you, now, reader, that this is a little- like. Angsty. Chapter. So. Yeah. I've read through it, like, a thousand times, so I THINK I've covered pretty much everything, but there may be stuff I've forgotten. If you notice any grammar/spelling mistakes, could you PLEASE tell me so I could improve my writing skills? Review? Trust Me – Part One Seeing the Truth – Chapter Three, In wich Foes turns to Friends Word Count: 4552 Song(s): 'Towards The Sun', by Rihanna. 'Run To Me', by «You were awesome! » Tip laughed. Oh smiled brightly. She hadn't been talking about anything else the last hour, and it amused him greatly, though he did not let it show. «We're gonna find my mom, you're gonna show everybody the super-chip and be a big hero, and even captain Smek will have to…» When she suddenly trailed off, Oh shot her a surprised look. She was hanging out of the window, feeling awestruck at something. Only god knew what. «Wooooow. That's a lot of people…» Well, that explained. And she was right. He himself was hanging out of his window, and that was clearly many people. Like, many. People. Really many. People. And there, right outside of the Happy Humanstown, were a few organized Boov circles. «Wow. You guys really are good at running away.» Tip said. Feeling odd, Oh answered absently. «Yes. Yes we are.» And then he gasped and turned yellow, because the third-to-last escape pod was driving away. Escape plan . No. No no no. Not now, please not now, I'm not ready to face this yet! «Look! That's where we saw my mom!» Tip smiled, pointing to one of the circle towns near the white fence. Oh, slightly panicking, took an U-swing and went down to all but crash into one of the streets. Right after he opened the door, a few Boov ran past it and slammed it shut again. «Hurry up! It is the last ship!» one of them cried. What am I going to do? Oh thought for a brief moment, changing between orange and yellow. He could take her with him, couldn't he? Yes. Yes he could. He closed his eyes and turned purple. He wanted to sob, he wanted to cry, he wanted to let his species go and stay on Earthland- but he couldn't. He just couldn't. Not 'didn't want to', but could not. «We're almost there!» Tip said, looking at the hord of people. «Over here!» Oh whisper-yelled. «What?» Tip asked. He grabbed her arm, and wanted to sob again. «Hurry!» And then they began running. Oh had his eyes closed, wanting desperatly to just bring her with him. Please just come with me he prayed. Apparently, Boovs don't have much luck with the ones above. «I don't understand.» Tip said and stopped. Oh let her go and watched her, and he was sure that even if he wouldn't've been a Boov, his pain would be clearly visible. He didn't want to do this, but something in him urged him to do it. Boovs are a species who run away. It's in their nature. Never had Oh hated being a Boov more then he did then. «My mom's in there?» Tip asked, calling him back to the problem at hand. He wanted to be with her. To stay with her. That, too, was an urge . To stay with her, and the only way to get those two urges at ease, was to bring her with him. «Yes.» he lied, and knew he was turning green. He could see it on her face, feel it in her feelings. She took a step backwards. No, wrong direction , he cried. «Tell me the truth» she demanded. She sounded hurt. Again, Oh wanted to sob. «There is no time! You can come with me! You will be safety!» he insisted, walking slowly backwards, taking small steps. Tip looked down for a moment, and Oh could feel the sadness crushing over him. And anger. «My mom's not on that ship. Is she? You promised to help me find her and now you're leaving !?» More anger. Oh cringed at the sound of her voice. «You lied to me…» she said, gesturing with her hands, taking a half step back. «No!» Oh insisted, all but running towards her again. I don't want to leave you he wanted to say. Please don't be mad at me. It's not my fault I am a Boov. «A lie is a bad thing! I did a thing so you could live!» he said, smiling nervously. Please. Please, Tip, I- I don't know what to do without you. «Well, I'm not going! My mom is here.» Tip told him, and turned around to leave. Oh nearly lost his mind, begining to turn desperate. «You will never find her.» he argued, pushing his way past her and in front of her. He was lying again, he knew it. «It is one hundred percent.» Tip was looking mad now. Like, really, really mad. Oh didn't like it, not at all, but still, when she tried to walk past him, he just moved so she couldn't. He was not in control anymore, he said things without thinking them through, watching the two of them interact like he was only a ghost. «Staying now, does not make hope !» he cried. «Gorg mothership will be here soon!» He grabbed her arm and turned them both around, trying to drag her towards the ship. «It destroyes planets! We must run away now !» he yelled, turning red in the exact moment Tip pushed him away. « No !» she yelled back and turned around for the second time. Oh, don't- he thought. «Argh! It is true. Humanspersons do not even understand the simple, simple things. I am saving you! I am being your friend!» Well done. Congratulations. If thoughts could be sarcastic, this one was. «No, you're just running away !» Tip cried, and Oh could feel her anger growing. He should back away now, he really should, but now she was holding the torch, she was in charge of what to say, it was her choice now, and she was mad. «You don't leave your family,» she said, voice suddenly sad. «But you don't understand that, because- you're just a Boov!» she cried. Oh'd red colour disappeared and he turned purple instead. It's not my fault! he cried. «You've never. Been my friend.» Tip spat, and Oh turned white. Her feelings disappeared. He couldn't feel her anymore, and she was running away, and he was loosing her and this was bad this was bad this was bad and his feelings and instincst mixed, blended and fought. He saw himself turn blue, and he could feel the darker blue stripes pulsating over his skin as he looked after her and begun tripping, running a few steps in one direction and then the other. His mind just kind of… turned off. He did not choose what to do anymore. His body turned orange with yellow stripes and then yellow with orange. «Wait!» he called after her, as a horrible feeling hit him in the face. But that was pretty much everything he managed say. It was as if time was slowing down, and he watched himself trying to decide what to do. He was not the one in control. It was his instincts fighting towards something even older, something deeper, and many colours were fiddling over his skin, mostly red, orange and yellow. Mentally, he cried out when he turned purple. 'You've never . Been my friend.' 'Call me Tip' '…my friends call me Tip' 'she's so amazing…' 'faaaaaaar too complicated for a simple humansgirl…' 'No!' '…fix our car..' 'Y ou've never. Been my friend .' Oh closed his eyes. He had nothing left here. And then he was back in his own body, running towards the last escape pod. '… never . Been my friend.' Absently, he threw himself forward, so one of the arms sucking Boov up from the ground got him too. And then he was away. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Tip looked up when the last escape pod was floating away. Quickly. She stopped still in her tracks, looking up at it. She already regretted her words, but now it was far too late. He's gone. She'd never see him again, that was very possible. Memories from the last fifty-five hours haunted her, and she closed her eyes for a brief moment. He still has the car keys. She couldn't bring herself to care. Tip shook her head, turned on the heel and ran into the mass of people, ignoring the tears prickling in her eyes and threathening to spill. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Inside the pod, Oh tried to hide his face as casually as possible, light blue stripes pulsating over his body. The pod drove into the Boov mothership just before the Gorg drones reached them, making said drones slam into the wall. And soon Oh was being pushed through a long circular tunnel with red blinking lights. All the other Boovs just kept on moving, while Oh stopped and hesitated, blinking owlishly at the lights. It'd been a while since last time he saw them… What have I done? You left her. The Boov, Oh included, ran into the control-room. «Aw, I hate upon the Gorg! They are always finding us!» '…is Smek! Shush, shush, shush!' ' …faaaaar to complicated for a simple humansgirl…' 'Excuse me?' 'You've never . Been my friend.' Feeling the urge to throw up, Oh hid his face and hurried away from his captain. Gasping slightly, his stomach turned. He panted now, even though he did not know why. «The Gorg mothership!» a Boov in the mass shrieked and pointed out the window. (It was all happening too fast, he was in shock he could not take it in, he didn't under stand ) All the Boov around him turned yellow and screamed, but he only widened his eyes slightly and opened his mouth. He was not scared, though it became harder and harder to breathe every moment that passed, and an odd pain has started to spread in the lower parts of his stomach. «We are doomed!» Smek cried. «Run away!» And, on his comand, all of the Boov did so. «Let me pass, I am- I am holding a baby!» Watching all the Boov run pass him, Oh looked at the Gorg mothership. He really didn't understand why they were running away now. They would just be standing in a crowd at the back wall anyways! '…you're just running away!' '…don't leave your family' 'she's so amazing…' 'you've never . Been my friend.' 'We are doomed!' ... Not if I can stop it. Oh quickly opened his front pocket and draged out the super-chip, casting a look at the controls, filled with Boov fuel. His face shifted to a determined look and his pads started running in the wrong direction. Towards the danger. Towards death. '…were awesome!' '…show everyone the super-chip…' '…come 'ere' '…tried to make friends at school…' 'tell me the truth!' 'these are your smartest Boov?' Faintly, Oh heard someone call «It is the fugitive Boov!» Followed shorty after by «He's running towards the danger!» 'we're almost there!' I am. '…don't be such a Boov!' '…just a Boov!' '…ditch me!?' 'call me Tip' '…my friends call me Tip' 'You've never . Been my friend' «Stop him!» Smek yelled just as Oh slammed the super-chip into the controller. As said controller absorbed the new force of fuel, the Boov mothership sped away from the Gorg one. Oh didn't let go of the chip, but all the other Boov slammed into the large window behind him. His breath camer quicker and shallower by every second, the feeling in his stomach reaching a little higher. And then all the Boov fell back onto the floor, spread around everywhere. Oh, even in his slightly dazed situation, found it kinda amusing that the only place there was a heap of Boov were on top of Smek. 'What is the purpose of your face?' 'Your mistakes are what makes you human' '…older than you' '…not getting this close…' 'you've never . Been my friend' «Captain! We are acchieving new highest speeds!» Oh could hear a Boov cry. Smek's head popped up from the heap. «What has you done !?» he cried, turning red. Suddenly, all the Boovs attention were on Oh. «What is that thing?» Shaking himself out of the daze, Oh quickly answered. «It is Gorg super-chip.» he said sheepishly. For a short moment there he was back with Tip, and the realisation that he'd probably never see her again were drowsing. «What?» He heard someone ask, as more and more of the Boov got up again, flocking around him. «Gorg drone crashed, and I ran to it, and I found the chip.» Oh explained. Smek made his way over to Oh. «Enough!» he barked, pointing the Shusher at our hero. «You ran to a gorg?» Kyle asked disbelievingly as he pushed a few Boovs aside. Smiling slightly, Oh nodded. He felt a pang of amusement when a Boov fainted. A random Boov among the masses spoke up. «He rans towards the danger?» he asked. «What kinda Boov is he?» another male wondered. «He is like a… a super Boov …» the first one whispered, the two of them, plus someone else too, turning bright orange. 'But he is a hero Boov now!' '…be a hero, and…' '…such a Boov' 'Boov don't have family…' '…just a Boov!' '… never . Been my friend.' «No, no, no !» Smek exclaimed frantically. «He is not a super Boov. There is just one super Boov at this ship and you know who it is, yer lookin' at 'im.» he tried. «I invented running away! And look at this!» he said and held up the Shusher. «I have the Shusher.» He walked up to some of the Boovs watching. «I am your captain» he said, throwing his arms around their shoulders. «But you are not good captain.» Oh argued, and he knew he was right. Earlier, he'd thought captain Smek was great and amazing . But he had realised, after spending a lot of time with Tip – Gratuity Tucci- that he actually wasn't. And, honestly? Oh kinda blamed his captain for himself leaving her. «What!?» Smek exclaimed, taking a few furious steps forward and hitting the Boovs he was having his arms around, right in the face, kind of proving Oh's point. «You told us these things, and we all believed them.» he began, knowing exactly what to say. «I believed them.» And it was true. «But- then I met a humansperson. And she is not like you said.» he said, turning towards Smek. Also true. «She is… brave, and smart and cares about other humanspersons, in a way that we Boov do not even care about each other!» 'You don't leave your family' «She even cares about me!» 'You've been gone forever!' 'I thought you were dead!' 'Or… hurt, or… I don't know!' «And I have done very little to earn that.» he muttered, turning blue. '…ditch me!?' '…now you're leaving!?' '…you lied to me.' 'You've never . Been my friend.' Oh quickly shook it off. «The Boov may be superior in many ways.» he told his audience, and Smek accompanied him with a low «M-hm. Yeah.» «But not in the ways I now thinks is the most important.» Oh finished, and watched as the listening Boovs turned a deep blue. Tip would have been proud of me. '… never . Been your friend.' Or maybe not… «Oh, big deal!» Smek cried. «I've had enough!» he said, turning red and storming towards Oh while raising the Shusher. «Shush!» Oh turned just in time to see someone stopping the stone from hitting him in the head, before he turned a bright yellow and gasped. «That. Is enough. Shushing.» Kyle said slowly, as if talking to a kiddo. Oh gaped. The Boov officer who had been haunting him and Tip- '..ditch me?' '…understands, I just don't care' 'Let go' 'what!?' 'Trust me' '… never . Been my friend' He bit back the pain. Don't think of her . «How dare you shush a shushing?» Smek asked, eyes flickering, searching for help. No one came. «Oh is right! We need a new captain! I thinks, it should be Oh!» Kyle claimed, ignoring Smek completely. What!? «Me!? No!» Oh gasped. «No!» Smek cried, tugging desperatly at the Shusher. «He cannot be captain! I have the Shusher, I am captain!» he yelled, turning red and pointing sharply at Kyle, looking like a stubborn, young child not getting his candy. «Not anymore!» Kyle yelled back, dragging the Shusher towards himself before punching it into Smek's stomach. Okay. This is weird, Oh decided unsurly. Maybe he was sleeping? He pinched himself in the arm, and almost began crying when it hurt. No dream. '…what makes you human' 'It is not what makes you Boov' 'Stop being such a Boov!' He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Calm down , he told himself as the pain in his stomach increased. «He will not know how to operate it!» Smek cried desperatly, but the yellow waves were giving him away. «It is very complicated, and- the light on one end, heavy on the other-!» Kyle stopped him abruptly. «Shush.» he commanded and hit him in the head. Oh smirked slightly despite himself when a Boov in the audience yelled «Booyah!» But then Kyle was coming closer to him, holding out the Shusher for him to take. «No!» Oh cried, holding out his hands and backing off. «I am not a leader Boov, I makes far too many mistakes!» Like leaving Tip. '…what makes you human.' 'stop being such a Boov!' '…just a Boov!' 'You've never . Been my friend.' 'call me Tip' «You are not the only Boov who makes mistakes.» Kyle assured him. «For examples. My mistake is… not being your friend.» Oh stuttered slightly at that. That was a mistake? If that was one mistake, he didn't dare think about how many mistakes he'd made by leaving Earthland. By leaving Tip. And before he knew, he was clutching the Shusher tight, and Kyle was yelling «All hail, captain Oh!» and the pain was increasing and breathing became harder and the Boov were cheering and giving high-fives and asking him if he wanted them to hold a party and trying to hug and they were all different shades of orange and Oh was freaking slightly out. Just saying. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Tip hurried through the streets in the city, getting closer and closer to where she'd seen her mom. She was dodging people cheering, people hugging and laughing, and she could only imagine how it was. He's gone No, she reminded herself, do not think about him. Finally, finally she reached the boot with the text Ask A Boov written on it. '…when the other Boov said 'Oh'' '…the sorry, to you…' 'I am sorry' 'No!' 'Always with the running towards danger!' 'It is not what makes you Boov' '…saving you' '…being your friend' 'You've never . Been my friend.' She shook her head slightly just in time to when she reached the boot, and- no mom. She felt silly for a moment, because really ? Did she really expect her mother to be standing there and waiting for her in over eighteen hours ? But how was she supposed to find her now? '… so amazing' '…cannot wait to meet Mymom' Tip sobbed lightly, but pushed the memories aside. Finding a picture of her mom on her cellphone she begun quickly showing it to a few people, hoping against all hope that someone had seen her. «Sorry, miss, I don't know her» (don't break don't break don't break) «No English» (don't break don't break don't break) «You- your battery is dying!» (don't break don't break don't break) Frantic, Tip glanced down at her phone. As she did it, the screen went black. ( …) (There's no use) (…) (break) Tears welled up in her eyes, and this time she allowed them to. Dropping to the floor in the boot, Tip buried her head in her hands, sobbing loudly with tears running down her cheeks, showing the whole world her pain, her sorrow. She was alone, yet again. Oh had left her. Her mom would be impossible to find- '…it is one hundred percent!' '…staying now, does not make hope!' '…simple, simple things' It broke for her. The tears rolled down her cheeks even quicker, and her breath caught up in her troath. I think I'm going to die she thought, when a sudden pain hit her in the stomach, a throbbing headache started and her heartbeat went out of rythm. Her breath came in heavy puffs, but right now she couldn't bring herself to care. ' for you to change your mind' 'we are doomed' 'engage weapon system!' 'My name is captain Smek, shush shush shush!' 'you are a master at transformations!' 'I am sorry' «What have I done?» Tip whispered quietly. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE On the Boov mothership, Oh was wondering the exact same thing. On some point, he'd been pushed onto the scene for the leader, and whoever was controlling it, raised it. He really didn't want this. He didn't want to become the leader of a whole species- it was a lot of things to take care of, already… but he did not have any choice right now, it was too late, and if this job could take his mind away from Tip, it was worth it. Careful, he backed away so the others couldn't see him. He staggered when he crashed into something, and turned around quickly, but the next moment he really wished he hadn't- His bumping and crashing had zoomed in on the picture of the planet they were leaving- Earthland. What have I done? Oh thought sadly, and raised a hand as if to touch the picture. He saw his own hand turn blue. Dark blue, like, really blue. He sobbed lightly, finally allowing himself to do it, now that noone was watching him. Why did he leave? He wanted to go back, so badly. In the moment, at the time, running away had seemed better then staying- now he knew that it was untrue. Never, ever had he wished more that he was something else then a Boov. I have to get back , he decided. But how? It took him a moment, but then he almost hit himself in the head. With the Shusher. Just so his thoughts would go silent. He was captain! He could turn the ship if he wanted, and no one could argue! I am coming back, Gratuity Tucci, even if you don't want it. Then, his memories came rushing down on him, starting in Paris- Tip, hugging him- Tip, taking his hand without thinking over it- Tip, saving his life from the Boov by turning the Great Antenna upside down - Tip, holding onto him even if he was too heavy- And a perticular scene,- 'Let go' 'What!?' 'Trust me' And she did! She holy moly did ! Tip, using her weird way of making him feel better- Opening up to him about things she'd never told anyone before, pretending to be Smek, laughing with him, god, laughing. with. him. Sharing! Sharing with him! Oh, dazed in memories, reached inside his pocket and almost burst out laughing. There was the Slushious car-key! So, well, now he actually had a reason to go back. And there, there was a picture of Tip… a younger Tip, smiling ang laughing. Oh looked up at the picture of Earthland. I am coming back. I am not letting go of all that, and even if you hate me I will do everything I can to make it better. It could have ended there, Oh could have just ran down from the scene and commanded that the ship would turn, he could have found Tip and been happy about it , but no. He caught a glimpse of himself in the window and staggered three steps backwards. Oh my god Oh sweet Lord This is a joke. This is a joke, right? Holy. Shit. He was pink. He was a hot, clear pink. The Boov is not a species who love. It is physically and, in some cases, mentally impossible for them. However, there are some, few lucky Boovs who can love one person in their lives. Their soulmates. About one Boov in a hundred Boovs has a soulmate, and only about one out of a hundred soulmates find their counterparts, since really. Souls do not care about time nor space. Your soulmate could be anyone. Any thing . For Boov, (Oh didn't know how other species took it, but for Boov ) it was hard to be away from your soulmate. They would be in constant pain, and could actually die. However, how much it hurt, how quick it increased and how far away they had to be from each other all depended on how strong their connection and bond were. So, naturally, if you had never met your soulmate, you had no connection to them, and so you would not be in pain. Okay, fair enough. Remember what I said about love? The colour of love is pink. «I- I thinks I has to sit down» Oh mumbled. He didn't actually sit down, I would say it was more falling on his Boov end. She's my soulmate. She's my soulmate . And, even in everything, Oh actually felt a pang of joy. He held out an arm and studied it carefully, stroking his other, also pink, hand over it. Soulmate. Well, this explains a lot, a voice told him. It was right, Oh realised. How he'd felt so weird the last days, and definitley how he felt now. (the pain in his chest his breath the pain in his stomach) She had probably saved his life when she said 'You've never . Been my friend', since that broke their connection a little. More then a little. And then it hit him; what about her ? He scrambled to his feet. Joyful, he could be later. He did not know how humans took it being away from their soulmate. Tip could be dying and he wouldn't know. That thought sendt him down the scene, and he almost fell face-first onto the ground. «We- we must turn!» he declared, load enough so the whole room would hear him. The Boov around him all turned to him, and when Oh saw their disbelieving looks, he growled. (The pink had quickly turned to yellow when he thought that Tip could be dying, but now he flashed a short red that disappeared as fast as it came) Think about Tip, about Tiiiiiiiiip His skin turned pink again. «My soulmates is in that planet!» he cried, and all the Boov in the room gasped. He didn't need to say more, as a few Boov scrambled out of the room and over to the controls, turning the ship abruptly around. All Boov were told about how soulmates worked, even though only one in about ten thousand Boovs found them. And, besides, having a soulmate made your rank in sociatity increase. A lot. Oh turned around again and cast a quick glance out the window as his heartbeat evened out. I will returning. And besides; I gave you a promise. I gave myself a promise. -End Chapter Three-[Chapter 4] A/N: ... I was supposed to say something cool here. Wait for it... waaaaaaait for iiiiiiiiiiiiit... nah. I can't come up with anything. Okay, anyway. I forgot to mention it earlier, but Oh is like. Way too mature. He acts SO much more childish in the movie than how he thinks in this (and later fanfictions). Mh. Sorry about that. On that note: Phew! I just finished writing Part Two of Trust Me- God damn, that was SO FUN TO WRITE. HALLELUJA! Yeah, and by to the way, I love long reviews. (Hint hint) Trust Me – Part One Seeing the Truth, Chapter Four, Remembering You (Is not hard) Word Count: 2161 Song(s): 'Feel The Light', by Jennifer Lopez. 'As Real As You And Me', by Rihanna Oh knocked lightly on the wood with the Shusher. «Go. Away.» Tip grumbled, not even looking up. Oh felt bad for her. He could clearly see the streaks of tears on her cheeks, and even in the little of feelings he could pick up- well. It was mostly pain and sorrow. He wasn't sure why she had cried, and he wasn't sure if he wanted to know either. But, at least she was alive. It was bad that she'd cry, but she was alive. «No, you are supposed to be saying 'who is there'» he told her, and walked closer with the Shusher in his hand, trying to get her mood up. That got a reaction from her. She looked up and smiled widely. «And I am supposed to say mooooooo!» he smiled. She was smiling, he was smiling. End of story. «Oh!» she cried, lunging forwards and hugging him tight. Oh laughed and hugged her back '…never. Been my friend.' Not. Now. Go away. «I can't believe it!» Tip laughed and danced in a small circle with him. «But I saw your ship leave .» she growled, and pushed him into the far wall. It didnt hurt, but he played for her sake, and let out a low 'ooof' . «What are you doing here?» Her tone was desperate. I love you, he wanted to say, even if he wasn't sure. You're my soulmate, I love you and I can't live without you. Quite literally. «It is where I belongs» he said instead. And apparently, you don't leave your family. «You and Pigcat are my friends.» His heart leapt in joy when she smiled at him. But he still had a card left. «Plus alsos too,» he said, and only a Boov would know he was smug. «I gave you a promise» he finished, holding up his Boovphone. It was blinking red, and the GPS was installed on Lucy Tucci. Tip gasped loudly. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE The next minutes past in a daze, where Oh led his soulmate through the streets. He was happy, now. If he thought he'd have regrets about going back here, he was so wrong. Tip took his Boovphone from him and began glancing wildly around, looking after her Mymom. Oh knew the exact moment she found her- she stopped completely, and in a short moment he could feel a second heartbeat between his own beats, another breath intwirled with his own, as her feelings expl oded . They had different hearts, but that was really no surprise. Tip dropped the Boovphone to the ground and began running. Oh didn't stop her, he just stood there and smiled lightly. And the next moment, Tip and her Mymom were embracing, and Oh'd never seen anyone hug anyone so tight. (Could be because he was a Boov but that's beside the point.) Tip was happy. She was happy, and he'd made her happy and everything was okay, and her feelings right now- he turned pink again, and when Pigcat joined them, he did too. But before he knew, Lucy'd kicked him in the face. Ow. Must be a family thing, he decided. But he weren't laying on the ground for very long, as Tip stepped in between her Mymom and Oh. It warmed his heart more then she knew, to see her actually try and protect him. It was also a Boov thing, but, since their species was made to run away, protecting someone else from danger- it was huge. It was important. Tip helped him up while she quickly told her Mymom about how they met and how he'd helped her find her, and if Oh wasn't wrong- was that… what was that feeling? It was a short pang, gone as quick as it came, but- «He's my friend!» Tip said, and Oh froze. 'call me Tip' 'call me Tip' '…my friends call me Tip' 'You've never. Been my friend' 'You're back!' 'He's my friend' He nearly turned pink again, but staggered a little bit when Tip's feeling exploded in his mind, open, large, and more intense than ever. I think I understand now. Lucy turned to him, and he almost expected to be kicked again, but she only took his hand. «Thank you» she whispered, and Oh smiled at her. And then the two females were embracing again. «Tippy… my beautiful girl» Lucy whispered. «I've been looking everywhere, mom!» Tip smiled. Yeah, right. «I was so scared I'd never see you again!» Lucy complained. «Oh Mom, I'd never stop looking until I found you.» Oh stopped still in his tracks, and he furrowed his brows. Something… something in that… stirred his mind… it happened quickly, when he realised it. 'he took a great trophy, the Shusher!' 'why do these Gorg hate you so much?' '…we call them the takers' 'I hate upon the Gorg, they are always finding us!' '…never stop looking until I found you!' He gasped. «They are still looking…» Looking at the Shusher, he carefully removed the rock on the top. Oh opened it slowly, and just a crack, but it was enough. Purple smoke welled out, and he knew exactly what he was holding in his hands. His heart nearly shattered. «Gorg are not the takers» Oh gasped, and turned around to look at the sky. «Boov are!» A great shadow fell over them, and there it was. The Gorg mothership. His nose uncurled. Aw, this is bad, this is bad, this is really really really bad. He quickly turned to the embracing couple behind him, tripping slightly on the spot. «We must demonstrate our affections later . Uh, there is still a little problem.» Lucy took a frightened step back, but Tip looked like she knew this was coming. «Uhm, excuse me, what is that!?» «That is Gorg mothership» Oh rushed, as it slowly came closer and closer to the ground. «It is here to destroy the planet» he added helpfully. This time I must save us. «It's going to destroy the planet!?» Lucy cried, and mentally, Oh facepalmed. Wasn't that what he just said? «Yes» he told them. «But I haves a plan.» This is probably the worst plan ever , but what else can we do? As the Gorg mothership landed, and people begun running away, Oh found himself running towards Gorg for the third time that week. Running towards danger. Boy, this humansgirl had changed his life! The trio quickly ran to the Slushious, and Tip and her Mymom almost threw themselves in. Oh stopped right before he did. They were innocents, they hadn't done anything wrong. He had, he was one of the species and he had done nothing when Smek showed everyone the Shusher. It wasn't his fault, and he knew it, but he was more faulty then his soulmate and her Mymom. Oh closed the door again with a slight smile. «Oh?» Tip asked. 'You will be safety.' He locked the car, placed the key into the key-whole and broke it off so they couldn't open the door. «What are you doing?» Tip demanded, and Oh could hear the fear in her voice increasing. «I am sorry» he told her. «Tip cannot come into the out now» he explained, and turned slowly pink. I've put you in danger more then I like. This time, you are not needed for me to survive. «Oh! You- you can't do this on your own!» Tip cried, and placed her hand on the glass. Oh, following an alien urge, placed his hand on top of hers with a slight smile. «Maybe not. But I haves hope.» he smiled, and felt her fear turn into panick as she desperatly tried to open the door. «Oh!» she cried, slamming her fists into the glass. «Stop! No!» I'm sorry, I really am. He took out a scanner from his front pocket and quickly scanned the car. «No Oh, please don't do this by yourself!» Oh shrugged slightly, threw the scanner up in the air and turned purple again as Tip yelled «No! Stop! No no no! Oh!» Oh turned around, looking at the Gorg mothership. Am I really doing this? he thought, taking the Shusher out of his pocket and looking at it. Of course I am. «Stoooooooooooooooop!» he cried, waving it in the air and begun running towards the ship. Already in this distance, Oh could feel the anger radiating from the Gorg leader. The white fence he and Tip had been standing at earlier blew away from the pressure of air being caused by the Gorg. Oh, being so panicked and dazed he couldn't really focus, opened the white gate, went through it and closed it behind him again. Polite to the end! Okay, now I'm only being stupid he realised as the gate also disappeared into the sky. «Looooooooooooooook!» he yelled, holding the egg up as high as he could. «Heeeeeeeeeeeeey!» He danced away from a crack opening next to him. «Goooooooooooooooorg!» He stopped for a moment. «Oh, it is useless to yell…» he said. But really, what other choices did he have? It was too late to stop now. «Gooooooooooooooooooooorg!» he cried, getting desperate with thick, blue stripes pulsing over his body. His breath came harder again, and his stomach begun to complain abou the distance from Tip. «Stooooooooooooooooooop!» he cried again. The anger from the driver did not cease, indicating that the Gorg had still not seen him. Then, suddenly, he felt confusion, and looked up. «Finally!» he yelled, and held up the Shusher, jumping and smiling like a maniac. And the ship actually stopped! «Wooooo!» Oh laughed, and had a minor JoX attack. But, as he noticed, there were wide cracks just growing wider and wider around him, and even if he didn't realise, he was stuck, and the feeling of distance from his soulmate? It only got worse. He threw a quick glance at the ship, froze and then quickly changed to purple then white. A ship at that size wouldn't stop in time. It was going to hit him. «Stop faster!» he begged It was going to hit him. Tip he thought as his breath came a little harder. Oh backed off as far as he could, only wanting to get back to his soulmate. You know, in movies people always get a last death-wish. I really only want to see Tip again he decided as he stepped onto the edge of a crack and turned yellow. And the ship came closer. And closer. For the third time, Oh saw himself from the outside, not really thinking, as the spikes came closer and closer. Then, suddenly, the pain and ache in his stomach ceased, and he breathed normally again. Wha- Tip. Tip. 'come 'ere' 'Thank you! Thank you thank you thank you!' 'How do you say cat in French?' 'Yes!' 'You were awesome !' 'He's my friend' 'call me Tip' Oh's eyes widened, and he turned around, still watching from the outside of his own body. Not in control of his ows limbs. Ah, yes, there she was, running towards him, crying, almost falling. Huh. he thought. I guess someone heard me . Casting a quick glance down at the rock in his hands, and then up at the spikes, he was suddenly inside of his body again, watching as Tip came closer. Time slowed down, and Oh saw everything he could have. Everything he wanted to have. A smile spread over his mouth, and he cluched the stone tight to his chest. She wants to save me. Oh, Tip, you'll never have to save me, you know that. Never, never, never. And really… you won't need to anymore. The spikes were right over his head now, coming closer, closer , closer . She'd know what to do, he realised. She's not stupid, Oh knew that. Please don't- don't do something stupid because I am gone. And if you even dare to die because I did, then all this is pointless. And then he admitted something to himself, something he never thought that would be able to admitt . A warm feeling bloomed in his stomach and spread slowly to his chest, his arms, his legs and it stroked his mind gently. Slowly, he threw the Shusher in her direction, praying she'd give it to the Gorg. He mouthed 'I love you' as he did so, laying all his feelings behind these words. He would never be able to say them; he'd never be able to even think them more, and so he mouthed it once . But it was still more then he ever had hoped to say, and then mean it. Please understand that he begged. I love you, Gratuity Tucci. His last thought, he realised. And then everything went black. -End Chapter Four-[Chapter 5] A/N: Okay, so I decided that I wanted to give you this today! Whooray, last chapter! At least for now, hirr hirr hirr... question! When do you want Trust Me Part Two to be up? And then let me just say how happy I was when I got that long review today (or was it yesterday?). You know who you are. And I want to say thank you to that one fangirl/boy that reviewed on the first chapter (and second. And third.). If you hadn't review'd on that chapter, I probably wouldn't have uploaded the next part. Yeah! Now that's away from my chest, we can begin Seeing the Truth chapter five! WHOHO! (fuck yeah, so excited to hear your thoughts on this) Trust Me – Part One Seeing the Truth – Chapter Five, Ending You, ending Me, begining We. Word Count: 2921 Song(s): 'As Real As You And Me', by Rihanna It's silent. And dark, so blissfully dark… oh, wonderful. It's been a while since the last time they saw and heard exactly that- darkness, emptyness, boldness… silence, lonelyness, more emptyness… They're not surprised to find it amazing. They don't know how long time passes- though, they believe they're dead, and really, no one really knows how it is to be dead, now, do they? And after all, they can control how they feel time pass. Eventually, low, soft tones begin to unfurl and show themself in the dark. Of course, they cannot see them, but they know how they look. It's the tones of an ancient song, sung by a choir of angels- or so it seems. And it doesn't take long before they recognise them. It's a loved song, at least for them. It's the death song, and it's beautiful, the tones merging and changing, increasing and ceasing, high-pitched and low-pitched against each other, rubbing each other perfectly and making a perceft yet odd harmony. Chaining the truth behind their words together with the beauty. They cannot see any movents; but they can feel them. The tones of the song, vibrating through their body as it moves on, and finally, finally, they can make out the words, though the words really are just the sounds sticking together and forming words- it's complicated. Beautiful. One single creature singing alone would never be able to re-create it, it doesn't matter how good they are at the art of singing. The tones are too many, the sounds too different. 'The butterfly sour high in the sky, never forget that or what it left to move on' They don't move; they can't. 'Know that in the darkest nights, to remember is the hardest.' They don't know how they know, but they know it's true, just as true and real as the tones pushing and pulsating through their body. 'Within every shadow there's a light, that will always stay alight. So stay bright, stay bright' 'Don't hold on too tight; you'll forget to breathe. Death isn't dark, it's light.' Beep Beep Beep The tones begin to disappear, but they can make out the last line in their dazed state. 'Miss me, but not too much; forget me, but not too much,' And then- light. Oh was not a 'they' anymore, Oh was a 'he'. He was not dead anymore, he was alive. Everything he knew came stumbling down on him, rushing quick, too quick for him to follow, but then one simple thing. Tip. I'm- I'm confused he decided. What just happened? He quickly tried to stock his memories in the right order, so he was born before he met Tip and not after. The first thing that came to mind was his plan. He sees it now, how utterly stupid and idiotic that was. Wait! Slow down! I died, didn't I? What. Just. Happened. He goes through it all again. The- the cracks, opening up and- the ship, not stopping and- Tip. God, always Tip, eh? And the ship. Driving on top of him. And what was that!? Okay, fair enough, it was beautiful, but- he was hearing the Death Song with- with everything like it originally was meant! What!? But, he suddenly decided, wondering could wait until later, because right then Tip was holding him tight, sobbing on his shoulder. He scanned his mind and tried to remember if he'd told her; no, no he hadn't, but she still sobbed like there was no tomorrow, she still sobbed like she couldn't afford loosing him, she still sobbed like she knew. Like she knew she'd almost lost her soulmate. Oh couldn't for it; he raised his hands, hugged her back and turned hot pink. He could almost feel her, at the back of his mind. It was almost as if there was a little voice that just kept whispering 'Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh'. It took a while before he realised he probably did just that, hearing a small voice, feeling Tip's mind. Their position right now, their closeness both emotionally and physically could bloody well be just strong enough for their minds to barely meet, without sealing the bond. Tip was probably screaming his name in her head, and Oh could pick it up slightly. It warmed his heart more then even he could imagine. They stood like that for a short while; well. Short for a human at least. Oh made it seem like it was hours, before she finally let him go and the precence of her mind faded away from his. «You're alive!» she exclaimed, and Oh realised she'd been crying. Good god , what I'm doing to this girl is unbelievable. «But you scared me so bad !» A push in the chest followed this claim. Oh almost smiled at that. She cared about him! Actually cared! But he bit the smile in; it was not appropriate for the situation. « You were scared?» he asked instead. «I almost did a number three!» He noticed happily that it was the right thing to say, when Tip smiled, shook her head and hugged him again. «Not too tight!» he complained, smiling and hugging her back. «It is still a possibility.» Before any of them could say anything more, or do anything for that matter, the Gorg ship started making sounds. The two humanspersons closest didn't know what was happening, but Oh knew. It was opening up. And not very soon after, a long piece of the metall slid open, revealing blue smoke and blue lightning, with green, glowing lights wandering about inside. Oh was surprised at this. It was beautiful, in it's own way. They all shielded their eyes slightly when a shadow appeared inside the blue smoke. It was tall, with surprisingly octopus-ishy skin, and it's right arm was smaller then it's left. And then it came walking towards them, making horrible yet hilarious sounds when it walked. It's shoulders were full of spikes and skulls, but no blood could be seen nearby- could it be fake? Oh's instincts told him to run, to hide, to get the fuck away, because this was his enemy , the enemy of the Boov- but right now, he had more important matters at hand. When the tall alien stopped right in front of him, Tip and Lucy, he turned around, looking at the two females. Lucy handed the Shusher to Tip, and Oh felt his heart warm up when she went down on her knee and gave it to him. He took it, very carefully, before turning to the Gorg behind him. My captain stole this from you. Now, I'm giving it back. His actions was wrong, and I am sorry. He wanted to say it, he really did, but he couldn't. It wasn't polite; he was waiting for the Gorg to speak. He was clearly the strongest one, and the strongest one always spoke first. The Gorg's eyes widened, and then his face. Begun. To open up. Oh… should probably be surprised. He surprised himself when he weren't, but still, he shielded his eyes slightly and took the smallest of steps backwards. And then he gasped. Inside of the Gorg- there was this little, orange starfish with purple eyes, staring at him. Oh almost smiled and said 'aw', but he held it in. The Gorg jumped out of the robot's face and walked down it's arm, looking unsurly at the trio. Oh smiled reassuringly at him, before he held out the rock for the Gorg to take. It did, with an amazed smile, before it opened it and took a quick look inside. It gasped lightly, before it turned to Oh again. «You- you brought me my children back! To who do I owe this thanks, Boov?» he asked, before smiling a most adorable smile. Gorgspeak was surprisingly few words, and it worked mostly with feelings and body language, since the Gorg, just like the Boov, could sense other beings feelings and signs. « My captain stole this from you. Now, I am giving it back. His actions are wrong, and I am sorry. I am the new captain now, and I did not want you to be in pain for this.» Oh told him, and he knew that the Gorg immediatly knew much more then he said. «I understand. Are you aware you just saved a whole species? I am the last of my kind, and this is the next generation! However, I must wonder how you managed. Your journey has been long, and it has been stressful. However, I sense another being within you. Without it, your journey would have been, and will be, harder. How did you manage this, Boov? My name is Quetr.» Quetr said, and Oh understood what he meant. For anyone else, it might sound random to suddenly speak your own name. But it wasn't, and the Gorg requested to know Oh's. «My name is Oh. The being you sense is simply another soul; and you are right, this journey would be harder and more diffucult without it. I might not even have ended up here. It was not only me; this is my soulmate, Gratuity Tucci.» Then, he turned around and pointed at Tip with a happy smile on his mouth. The Gorg lent to the side so he also could see her, and she waved unsurly. «She is a great companion. Do not loose her by any means. If you ever need a friend, the Gorg will be there for you. Thank you. Thank you both.» Quetr finished and bowed at them, before he disappeared up the arm again and inside of the robot. He turned around without looking at them. Oh was overwhelmed! He had litterally saved a whole species. That's-! «What was all… that?» Tip asked behind him, and Oh snorted. Of course, she wouldn't understand anything of what was just being said. Oh, well. It was probably for the best. «Not all Gorgspeak has humanswords. But!» Oh said and turned around to face the two women. «It turns out, Gorg was not here because of my invitation.» He'd picked up as much, from body language, feelings and- well. Pretty much everything in between. «Though Gorg would have been happy to attend.» he assured Tip. He'd also picked up that. Isn't it cool being a Boov? Tip smiled brightly at him, and Oh warmed slightly. «Gorg was here» he began, turning around again just in time to see Quetr walk inside, and the 'door' slowly close. «Because Gorg was tracking the rock.» Oh explained, smiling. He'd never had a family, but really? He was begining to understand, or at least see , now. And, well. In reality? He badly wanted one. Speaking of family, Lucy spoke up. «What was in that thing?» Oh smiled again, begining to feel dazed. Awestruck, even. «Gorg family» he breathed. «It is entire next generation.» A wave of emotions washed over Tip, and her mouth fell slightly agape. Oh felt it, too. She understood. «All of them?» she asked, awed. Oh had to stop for a moment, and shook his head lightly. «All of them!» he gently told her as the Gorg mothership took of into the skies. «No wonder they've been chasing you!» Tip laughed, and Oh had to stop himself before he burst out laughing. He was hysterical, he knew. It'd been one hell of a day, with exitement, loss, (lots of love) nearly death and the worst masterplan ever. Oh was simply too disorientated to actually focus. He turned around, smiling at them. «Oh, not 'they'. 'He'! Apparently, that Gorg, is last Gorg. That was why rock was so important.» he explained hurriedly. «Uh, without it, he was alonely, and would someday, be extingtly. Which, made Gorg cranky, and irrational and physically violent.» he said, making grimaces as he explained. Sudden realisation made him giggle lowly and smile at his soulmate and her Mymom. «He was just like humansgirl.» Tip raised an eyebrow at him. It was an 'ex-ca-USE-meeah' look. «He was… sad-mad.» Oh smiled, and Tip's raised eyebrow turned into a smile. He turned around again, and before he knew, Tip was hugging him from behind. He smiled, pressed lightly against her and took hold of her arm, the exact moment she placed her head on top of his and closed her eyes. And again, Oh could barely connect their minds. I'm so proud of you , she told him. She didn't know, of course, but he heard her, and he enjoyed that greatly. He was proud of her, too. I'm proud of you, too Oh told her, and pushed all his willpower in it, sending it in the direction of her mind's precence. She froze, and quickly let him go. The smile never once left her face, her feelings never once staggered, but Oh could feel mild shock and confusion underneath it all. And he knew she'd heard him. Suddenly, the three of them were surrounded by a hoard of humanspersons. Oh was surprised to find them cheering, laughing and hugging, but when they all turned to him and a few children began high-fiving him, he almost fainted. He'd never been used to people cheering for him. He'd been bullied his whole life, the Boov had been pushing him away and through Tip, he'd learned that the humanspersons were not happy to be placed in Australia. Now, today, he'd been cheered for twice . He'd stood up to a mean and rude Boov with temper problems, turned into the new captain (Personally, he thought that captain Oh just sounded ridiculous. Well, he'd bee able to change that soon.), realised he had a soulmate and knew her, helped Tip finding her Mymom, saving both a whole planet and uncountable species and made friends with the leader of a former enemy. And all in one day! Is it weird he felt amazing? He had all reason to. «Oh! Uhm, and, by to the way, Tip, I am new Boov captain.» « What!? » Trust Me – Part One Seeing the Truth, Epilogue. Oh, you want to know how everything went after that day? Well then. Oh got a cat, called it Tippy and she slept with him and he never went anywhere without her. The Boov decided to move to the moon, placing bubles with copies of places on Earthland to live in. They made machines who could adjust the atmosphere on the moon so both they and humanspersons could breathe there, and both species often visited each other. Some Boov decided to live on Earthland (Oh included), but no humanspersons chose to live on the moon. Kyle was one of those who chose to live on Earthland, and he became a police officer working in traffic. He found it both hilarious and amazing that those who drove their cars actually looked at him, and not their mobiles. It made his work much more important, and he loved it. Smek found his calling in music, and he quickly became one of the most used and loved DJ's both on the Moon and in a few large cities on Earthland. Toni, the Boov who wanted to make an alternate universe, and a few other Boovs became an amazing team who began to produce high-technologic video games together with a few humanspersons. Ani, the Boov who wanted her species to play dead in order to escape the Gorg, begun a dancing group and became good friends with Quetr. He named his personal daughter after her, and Ani was asked to be her god-mother. She happily agreed. Kyle and Smek suprisingly became friends with the Tucci's, and with them, Oh too. Though Smek fought it in the begining. Both Tip and Oh found it hilarious that Ley, the male Boov who was supposed to live in Lucy and Tip's place, was too scared too walk further into the room, so he slept by the door. Apparently, he changed his name to Leya and had Tip fix him up every once in a while. Oh! Sorry, she. Oh, you want to know what happened between Tip and Oh? Okay, if you really want to know… After Oh chose his Boov-Captain name (Smek was old , but he was not born 'Smek'. When he became captain, he chose to be called Smek ((something captains can choose)). Only his closest could call him his born name, and, since he didn't have any close ones, he'd eventually forgotten it.) things begun to turn interesting. About one week after the 'mirror who saved the world' incident, Oh finally Boov'ed up and told Tip about what they were. It turned out, Tip had feelings for him too, and was only thrilled about them being soulmates. So, they quickly sealed the bond, and a few times Lucy caught them speaking in unison, among with a lot more happening between them (she didn't really understand it, but that was okay). And when the Tucci's threw a minor party two weeks after out favorite couple saved the world, Lucy invited some humanspersons, Tip invited some humanspersons and Oh invited some Boov. Well. Let's just say that when a certain Boov and Homo Sapien danced together, all the nine Boov who were being there knew exactly who their captain's soulmate was. (Lucy became extremely suscpicious at that, but that's a whole other story) -Trust Me – Part One, Seeing the Truth- -The End- A/N: YEAH! PART ONE DONE! So now, PLEASE tell me what you thought on this? And remember my question? It would be great if you answered. Thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu. ","Summary":" A/N: Eyyo! Welcome, welcome. So, this is chapter one in Seeing the Truth, part one in the (probably"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Lighting it up blue for Aleu","Author":"SparkleEyes18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11876059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own Quest for Camelot. But I do own Aleu and this story. TODAY IS AUTISM AWARENESS DAY (SHOUT OUT TO ALL WHO WORE BLUE TODAY)! I have one more assignment before finals, but I gotta get this story out. I wonder what Kayley and Garrett would do with their daughter on April 2 nd (considering their daughter-Aleu-has Autism) , so that is where the idea came from. ENJOY![Chapter 2] A Heartfelt Letter April 2, 2016 Dear Kayley and Garrett, You've come a long way. You have one beautiful little girl to show for all of your years together. Not just as a couple, but as a family as well. She is a symbol of the love that took you by surprise when you looked through each other's eyes that fateful night. Never doubt her beauty. She is your world now. Now that your three hearts beat as one. I am writing this letter because I am so proud of you guys. I remember how heartbroken you were when your daughter was first diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder. I remember how hopeless you guys felt. It is not like you two to feel hopeless, but you did. Anyone would. But you did not give up. You did not let that stop you or your lovely daughter from anything. Thank the world for your loving souls, because that child that you call \"daughter\", \"baby\", \"honey\", \"love\", \"sweetheart\", \"kid\" (or just simple \"Aleu\") is a blessing to everyone that she meets. In the past 10 years (123 months), your daughter enchanted the world with every springy little step. It takes a while to look into her emerald stone eyes, but she is enchanting. Your house screams her. It's cozy and a little messy, but we are always welcomed. Just like her. The milestones of the past 123 months! Your daughter is talking now! And she learned how to use the toilet just over three years ago (even though she can't say the word for \"toilet\"). We all know Aleu's love for animals. All animals, but mostly cats, dogs, hamsters, piggies (like Peppa), rabbits, 'chirpies\" (birds) and especially zebras like Khuma, Tombi, Zigby and Stripes. (and 62% of your iTunes playlist is made up of songs that reminded Aleu of her zebra friends). The music! She introduced us to all kinds of songs and taught us to enjoy every single song we could hear from upbeat Chris Brown's \"With You\" (that reminds her of Khuma and Tombi) to LeAnn Rimes and old-school T-Swift and everything in between. Aleu showed us how impactful music can truly be. For what might seem like a simple little song to us, is her whole world. That's why some songs make her cry (like \"Holiday\" by Boys Like Girls –her cousins love that one), they express the thoughts and words that she can't. Aleu at the One Direction concert a couple years back. We remember the pictures on Facebook. She was a natural with her sensory headphones, her sparkling smile and her Bristol board sign that you guys worked on the day before. For a couple hours, we could see Aleu so happy to feel like \"one of the girls\". We know that Aleu is like one of the girls, with her fair share of boy band music including One Direction, The Vamps and 5 Seconds of Summer. Yes, through every up and down, Aleu has taught everyone to never take anything for granted. No word, no opportunity, nothing. There are few things that Aleu can enjoy. And things that you guys only dream about. We remember how happy you guys were when she called you \"Mommy\" and \"Daddy\"! One woman laughed at you guys, asking you what the \"big deal\" was. Clearly that woman did not know what you guys have been through. We always knew you two will make great parents one day. We never thought that you guys could have the daughter that you do. You love her regardless of all her challenges. You guys made the best out of a tough situation. If anyone can do it, you guys can. We are so thankful you guys did not give up; we have heard of so many people who do. Aleu IS your daughter. No denying that one. All the courage you two share was passed on to her. She is brave. Braver than anything or anyone—except you guys. But even you guys can appreciate that nothing is scarier than the challenges of her condition that she must face everyday. The limitations of her words, the power that her love of Khuma has over her, just to name a few. Today is April 2 nd . World Autism Awareness Day. A day when we spread awareness for the children, teens and adults like Aleu. We are more than thankful to know someone as beautiful and as free-spirited as your 10-year-old Aleu! She is the rey of sunshine in your lives and in ours. Even in her darkest moments, she can always make us happy—or just humble. Thank you so much for giving us the glorious opportunity to meet your wonderful child. We are thankful for her, Autism and all. Keep up the exceptional work! Always there for you, Your family and friends[Chapter 3] Note: I am writing this story through the perspective of Aleu, Kayley and Garrett's 10-year-old daughter. Aleu has Classic Autism (moderate to severe) and loves the movies Khumba and Adventures in Zambezia. (both movies, along with Quest for Camelot, I do not own). MENCHIES WITH MOMMY ALEU'S POV 1:14 PM The sunlight is not so bright today. Which is weird because it is spring-time and spring is suppose to be bright and sunny. And everyone still has winter coats. That is really weird. Zebras are awesome. I like zebras. Khuma! Mommy took my hand. I look to my left. I saw a tree. I like trees. Trees are where birds live. Birds like Kai. Kai is a blue bird and he lives in a tree. I saw Kai at the movie store and I was really excited. I like Kai. I want to touch the tree, but I can't. I want to see if the branches will carry me to the sky. \"Come on Aleu.\" Says a sweet sounding voice. The sky is blue. Kai is blue, but he is darker than the sky. Kai loves flying. Kai and Zoe fly. Zoe is a bird, too. Zoe is white though. \"Aleu, we're here.\" I am standing on a sidewalk. My shoes are purple. I like purple. Kayley wears purple. I picked my shoes because they were purple and Kayley wore purple. I look over at Mommy. Mommy is holding the door open. There is loud music and I do not want to go because of the loud music. I look at Mommy. I look at the place. Pull back. I don't want to get yogurt anymore. I want to get ice cream at McDonald's instead. The colours are too strong. I hate green. I don't like that green. It is too bright. It is too bright. The music is too loud. I don't like the music. I only want to listen to Camelot. I hate this music. \"It's okay, Aleu.\" Calm voice. Calm voice means that everything is still good. \"Aleu, no.\" Not-so calm. \"Stop it, Aleu.\" Less calm. I cover my ears and start screaming. Mommy's hands get tighter. I do not like it, so I scream even louder. \"No, Aleu. We're going to get some yogurt.\" I scream. Let out one big one. Before crying. Mommy hugs me and we move out of the way to let other people in. 1:45 PM I'm done crying now. Mommy holds me. She takes my hand and look into her side so that the scary green does not bother me. Mommy guides me. We stop and I look to see why we stopped. But I saw the green, so I get even more upset and look away. We walked some more and then we stopped. I look, but I saw more green, so I looked away. \"Aleu what kind of yogurt do you want?\" \"There's chocolate, vanilla, cake batter, Oreo.\" Chocolate yogurt? Oreo yogurt? I like chocolate. More green. I don't like green. \"There's chocolate, vanilla, cake bat—\" I started screaming. How do you say chocolate? Ch…aw…chaw…this is really hard. I wish it was easy to say chocolate. \"Do you want chocolate yogurt?\" Without looking up, because then I will see the green and I do not like the green, I nod. \"Say 'I want chocolate please'.\" I…wah…wah…how do you say that? \"I want\" Mommy continues, she expects me to repeat her, but I can't. Doesn't she know this is hard for me? \"I…I…\" I respond. \"Want. Wah.\" \"Wah…Wah…na…t.\" This is exhausting. I just want chocolate. That is all I really want. Just chocolate. Chocolate. \"Ch…ch…ch…\" I guess I have no choice by to repeat her. This is too much, all I really just and chocolate. 2:15 PM \"Chaw…co…let.\" I say. Wow! That was a nightmare. \"Good girl!\" Happy voice. Happy voice is light and sounds like the person is smiling. Just then, Mommy leaves me to stare at the green again. Just look down. Stay calm. How does my lullaby song go again? Look at the sky. Tell me what do you see. Just close your eyes and describe it to me. The heavens are sparkling with starlight tonight. That's what I see through your eyes. Mommy returns so I do not have too see the green again. She hands me a cup full of chocolate yogurt. I touch the yogurt and start to eat it. \"Aleu.\" Mad voice. Whisper. \"No, no.\" Mommy takes the yogurt from me and I get really upset. I want my yogurt. I stomp loudly. I scream at the top of my lugs. I start crying. Try to calm down. Think of the lullaby song. Calm down. Lullaby song. Look at the sky. Tell me what do you see. Just close your eyes and describe it to me. The heavens are sparkling with starlight tonight. That's what I see through your eyes. I see the heavens. Each time that you smile. I hear your heartbeat just go on for miles. And suddenly I know my life is worth while. That's what I see through your eyes. 2:30 PM I finally calm down. But then I see a table full of candy. I run to the table. Laughing. I grab some chocolate chips and eat them. \"A. LEU!' Really mad voice. Scary voice. Do not like this voice. \"Do not do that!\" Do what? Eat chocolate chips? I was hungry! You made me talk and I get hungry if I talk. I don't like loud noise. The music is loud. There is scary green everywhere. Just think of the lullaby song. Calm down. Don't cry, Aleu. Look at the sky. Tell me what do you see. Just close your eyes and describe it to me. The heavens are sparkling with starlight tonight. That's what I see through your eyes. \"Do you want anything with your yogurt?\" I am sad because you yelled at me. So I will just start crying. 2:55 PM All calm down. I point to the brownie. I like brownies. 2 brownie pieces. One. Two. 3:49 PM We are in the car. Mommy got two yogurts. One is for Daddy. We are going to see Daddy, he had an event today, so he couldn't come to get yogurt with us today. But everyone gets yogurt today. But we did not get any yogurt for Shadow and Sparkle. \"Are you enjoying your yogurt, Aleu?\" Happy voice. \"Dah.\" I reply. \"You waiting for Daddy?\" Mommy ask happily. \"Dah-dee.\" \"Mommy is waiting for Daddy, too.\" \"Shah….shah…dough. Spar…kul. Yo…gert.\" We did not get yogurt for Shadow and Sparkle. That is not fair. \"Dogs can't have yogurt, sweetie.\" Calm voice. \"No?\" I reply. No yogurt for Shadow and Sparkle. \"Yogurt makes dogs very sick.\" Okay? but what about Starlight and Sunlight? \"St…st….star…luh…luh…ight. Suh…suh…suh…na…luh…ight.\" \"Cats can get sick, too.\" Mommy replies. Calm voice. \"Oh.\" I do not wat Sparkle and Shadow to get sick. I do not want Sunlight and Starlight to get sick. No yogurt for them. But zebras can still have yogurt. Khumba would love yogurt. And so would Tombi. I think that they'd like chocolate yogurt. I like chocolate yogurt. It sounds yummy in my tummy. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own Quest for Camelot. But I do own Aleu and this story. TODAY IS AUTISM AWARE"},{"Movie":"Ratatouille","Title":"Kindred Spirits: Mousewing","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12373529","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, Mousewing here. People on the surface calls me Minnie. I am the second to last warrior of the Sierra Travelers Clan. I live with Reedheart and our leader, Sunrise at HQ. We use a dimension portal to go to our chosen worlds. For myself, I chose the world of 'Ratatouille'. Apart from my duty to patrol, I really love to cook, so I am a foodie when I go out and such. That's why I felt like I have so much in common with Remy. Being in a new place, sometimes disagreeing with my parents, and passionate about cooking and food, and appreciative about friendship. My day came about 6 weeks after Bootpelt left for his chosen world. It was getting close to Thanksgiving, and since I was the cook, I got a large half of chicken to share with the others. I was wearing my totem necklace, which held two large wooden carvings. The first carving is of Remy, and the second carving is the chef hat. My radio is inside the carved Remy. The thread itself is French Wire Bullion Silver. I was wearing a cotton red jacket over a sky blue sweater, and black pants, and gray/black sneakers. I had my long black hair pinned up in a high ponytail, and my dark blue eyes glimmered in sync with soft blue mascara. I finally came into HQ, starting up the cookers as one, splitting the leg, wing, and breast into each pan, nodding with a hello to Reedheart who was reading her book besides her tent, sitting in a camp chair. She shortly replied that Sunrise was checking on something up at the surface. A hour passed with the chicken pieces well done, and a returned Sunrise, who surprised us with the revelation of a small box of large cupcakes, saying that we need dessert as well. It had our favorites; vanilla with blue icing for me, mocha chocolate with white icing for Sunrise, and for Reedheart, velvet red with purple icing. We soon finished lunch, and the others were ready to see me off, and so Sunrise turned on the portal, the rainbow colors coming out. I smiled, hugging the others, and saying goodbye before I proceeded to enter into the portal. The tunnel was dark, then it became bright. I heard warm laughter and suddenly I tensed as somebody appeared out of nowhere. I was ready to strike someone. \"Easy, ma'am. I am not here to scare you, rather welcome you here.\". a translucent portly man with a kindly face spoke as he floated close to the ground, and I blinked as I recognized the man and slowly calmed down. \"Gusteau?\". I gasped. Gusteau chuckled, smiling as he replied, \"Real as a star, dear Mousewing.\". I asked, \"What are you doing here?\". Gusteau clasped his hands calmly, and replied, \"I am here to tell you of two important things you will bear and become once you arrive into my beloved world.\". \"And that could be?\". I replied curiously. Gusteau smiled softly, \"First, you shall become a unique mouse, capable to help Remy in all situations, and secondly, you will remain your cooking skills. I suspect you will improve them once you're there.\". I nodded, excited to think of all the possible food I can make. Gusteau chuckled, \"Keep your head up, and look after Remy. Do you promise that?\". I replied firmly, \"I do, Gusteau.\". Gusteau laughed warmly and quoted my favorite motto before he disappeared in a soft white wisp. At the end of the tunnel, I saw a picture of Paris at nighttime, sparkling and glimmering with all the lights. I smirked, and set to run. I leaped to the picture, went through, and blacked out as I heard a nearly quiet squeak.[Chapter 2] I groaned lightly as I woke up to the sound of dripping water. I opened my eyes and saw that I was in the sewers. I got up gingerly, surprised to see paws, so similarly to hands so much. I remembered Gusteau's words, and I was curious to see what I actually look right now. I moved to the edge, looking over into the clear yet filthy water to see my reflection. I blinked as I took myself in. My ears are tan brown, having a silver earring in the base of my right ear. From the face to down the back to my thighs, the fur is black, while I had a cream white star above and between my eyes, and from under my muzzle to my belly is cream white. My paws are tan brown, while my tail is pale pink with a black tip. My nose is gray, and my eyes shockingly remained human, and still is dark blue. My fur is also short and smooth like Remy. I also have whiskers as well. Gusteau was right. I am really a unique mouse. My totem necklace has shrunk down to mini size, accommodating my new size. For some reason, the rhythm of the dripping water got to me, and tempted me to sing to the beat. So I sang. Who's to say What's impossible Well, they forgot This world keeps spinning And with each new day I can feel a change in everything And as the surface breaks, reflections fade But in some ways, they remain the same And as my mind begins to spread its wings There's no stopping curiosity I want to turn the whole thing upside down I'll find the things they say just can't be found I'll share this love I find with everyone We'll sing and dance to Mother Nature's songs I don't want this feeling to go away Who's to say I can't do everything Well, I can try And as I roll along, I begin to find Things aren't always just what they seem I want to turn the whole thing upside down I'll find things they say just can't be found I'll share this love I find with everyone We'll sing and dance to Mother Nature's songs This world keeps spinning and there's no time to waste Well, it all keeps spinning spinning round and round and Upside down Who's to say what's impossible and can't be found I don't want this feeling to go away Please don't go away Is this how it's supposed to be A clapping sound startled me and I turned around to see Remy standing on his back paws, his front paws clapping, with a impressed smile on his face. I swore I blushed lightly as I saw him. I shyly smiled at him, and he walked up to me. I was literally as tall as him, only a cm smaller. We're both maybe 4-5 inches in height from nose to tail. \"That was beautiful, ma'am.\". he complimented in awe and politeness. I slightly nodded, \"Thank you, sir.\". Remy waved a paw, \"You can call me Remy.\". \"Remy. I like it. Which area are you from? I never heard a accent before\". I replied softly and asked. Remy chuckled, \"Says from the mouse who's american.\". I smiled in surprise, \"Is that obvious?\". \"Well, actually, your eyes gave it away. To answer your question, I lived in the lowland country beyond Paris.\". He responded quickly. I flickered my ears bashfully as I listened to him. \"My name is Minnie.\". I replied quietly. Remy smiled, \"That's a really pretty name.\". I tried to hide my blush at that. Remy gave his famous crooked grin, his hazel eyes sparkling in curiosity. I giggled. I have a good feeling about this.[Chapter 3] It was a hour before dawn, and we spoke about everything, anything we can have in common. Remy wanted to show me his world, so I followed him for at least 15 minutes to Gusteau's. The place was bigger than I thought, or perhaps it has to do with my new size, in either way, the restaurant looked amazing on the outside and inside. We got into the back doors of the kitchens, and instantly we could hear snoring. Remy climbed into a table and I did the same, soon seeing Linguini sleeping awkwardly near his mop cart. Remy sighed, \"He must have been working all night. This is not the impression I wanted to show you.\". I giggled, \"No matter, Remy. When does the restaurant start?\". Remy flickered a ear thoughtfully, \"The restaurant starts out at 7, but the staff gets here a half hour, hour earlier to get everything set up.\". I grimaced slightly, \"Some stations are cleaned up, but it's still messy. We have to wake your friend up now .\". Remy nodded, \"His name is Linguini, and do you have any ideas?\". I looked around to see any inspiration, and grinned slyly as I spotted it. \"What do you say to a surprise wake up call?\". I gestured to the sink with a random glass nearby which is on the counter where Linguini is literally next to. Remy grinned at me, \"I always wondered how humans react to surprise wake up calls. Here's my chance!\". I nudged him, \"My chance too!\". He laughed briefly in a playful tone, and we quickly scampered off our counter into the floor, using the mop stick to climb into the next counter, and running to the sink. Remy jumped into the faucet, causing it to move over to hover above the counter edge where the random glass are. I mumbled to myself, \"If the sink has the same controls for temperature like back home, then right should be warm while left is cool.\". I headed to the left knob, and spoke up to Remy, \"You better hold the glass, Remy. Water from that height tends to wobble any glass if it's too much power.\". Remy nodded and slightly hopped off, landing upon the edge with ease, soon standing up once more, with his front paws on the surface of the glass, holding it tight as he could. \"Ready, Minnie.\". He called to me. I turned the knob slowly, increasing speed and power as the water filled up the glass, then I stopped, turning the knob back to off, as the water has nearby topped the rim of the glass. I headed to Remy, nodding as I assisted him, holding my side as he held up his side, and we slowly walked with steady steps, making it to the spot where I could see the slight rim of Linguini's torque. I looked over to double check the position, and replied, \"Remy, we're not in the position yet, just a midge bit more.\". Remy steadily pushed the glass, sliding to my designation spot where my tip of the tail is, landing in just two minutes, and I smirked as I noted the distance from the glass to Linguini's head. I walked up to Remy, chuckling, \"We're in. Shall we?\". Remy grinned mischievously, \"Let's do it.\". We both pushed it with excited fervor, seeing it tip over, the water washing out of the glass, down into Linguini's face. We immediately heard a mix of yelp and shriek as Linguini woke up fully as he jumped up, his eyes open and darting around, his face in a stupefied and surprised look. I ended up laughing on my back, as Remy thumped his tail, chortling in laughter. I knew that to humans, our laughter sounds like chirping in a way. \"That's not funny, Little Chef!\". Linguini tried to reprimand Remy, but Remy spoke, \"It's not funny, it's hilarious!\". Which is a amused and overjoyed squeak to our human friend here. I laughed louder, adding a couple of giggles here and there until I stopped, needing air to breathe. Linguini joined with some chuckles and some tittering laughter. \"Okay, I could see why it's so funny. Oh, is that one of your friends?\". Linguini asked curiously after a chuckle. I tilted my head and nodded as I stood up like Remy, smiling friendly-like as Remy smiled at me in a side glance. Linguini smiled widely. Looks like I am making another friend after all.[Chapter 4] Since there was no rant from Colette for Linguini was awake already, able to keep our secret longer, the day went normal with conversations and chatting with a intended incident included with my help myself. Linguini had went into the pantry within Remy's controls, looking for some lemon and so with Linguini's sneaking, he gave some cheese to us. I was next to Remy, watching him control Linguini when he needs to. We were heading out of the pantry when I noticed Colette coming around the corner, and smirked. \"Remy, make Linguini trip over himself as he's closing the door.\". I whispered slyly. Remy raised a eyebrow in confusion yet he nodded, proceeding to control Linguini again, immediately making him tripping over himself, and within a second, as Lingini tried to grab a table corner to regain balance, he crashed into Colette, a tangle of limbs as they fell to the floor. Linguini had the floor, blushing heavily as Colette was hovering close to him, her eyes widened in shock and embarrassment. I slyly grinned as Remy glanced at me, \"Did you plan that?\". I nodded with another smirk, \"It's obvious that Linguini really likes Colette, and I noticed that Colette likes him in a sense of respect and teamwork, maybe more, so it doesn't hurt to do a little push, or in this case, a trip over feet.\". The human pair quickly regained their balance, glancing at each other with embarrassed and blushed looks. They returned back to work with a bit more awkwardness, but it slowly got gone over the day. The boys showed me their tiny apartment, and since we are hungry for dinner, I was able to show my cooking skills now. I decided to make one of my specialties, which is Tomato soup with the additions of chicken and Gorgonzola cheese. I told Remy to toast the remaining bread with cheddar cheese. When I was done making, I gave the signal to the boys that they can go eat now. I was amused to see Remy using his nose, his eyes closed as he took in the enticing smells of the soup. \"Did you add basil to it?\". Remy glanced at me with a curious smile. I nodded, replying, \"I figure we could use some freshness in the soup, so, yeah.\". Remy had his sized bowl as Linguini carefully poured a portion of the soup into it, and then had his turn into his bowl, and poured another portion into a mini container, putting it besides me. I nodded an thanks to Linguini, and proceeded to eat with shared grilled cheese. I heard contented sighs and exclamations from the boys. \"Wow, this is really tasty. I didn't know that you can use a putrid cheese into a soup.\". Linguini complimented as Remy agreed. \"This is so good. It's a contestant alongside my version of tomato soup.\". Remy gave a surprised compliment. I giggled at his awe, flickering my ears in happy fervor as I ate my portion. I used to cook this soup very often for my old clan-mates. Heck, Sunrise complimented it by giving it two thumbs up! After we all finished dinner, Linguini gave a affectionate name like he did for Remy. He called me, 'Tiny Co-Chef'. I liked it neutrally, but I decided to show another skill that I never got the chance to do. I grabbed a piece of paper, and grabbed a pen, scribbled it as I managed the size of the pen, and it showed Remy and mine's true names. Linguini read it out loud. \"Remy?\". Remy squeaked a yes, nodding as he pointed to himself. Linguini smiled and turned his eyes on me, \"Then you must be Minnie.\". I nodded, flickering my ears in joy. Linguini smiled bigger if it was possible, and replied, \"Finally nice to know you at last since, well, since when I first met you, Little Chef, I mean, Remy.\". Remy shrugged a paw, smiling with his other paw on his hip, his body language saying that he doesn't mind the nickname at all. Linguini had a relieved look, and kept smiling with a curious look as he looked over to me. \"What about you?\". he asked and I pointed to the paper, gesturing that I am used to be called Minnie for so long and Linguini nodded, \"Makes sense. I just met you this morning, and Minnie suits you so much better.\". I blushed at that, rolling my eyes as I haven't heard that for a while back in HQ. Remy then yawned, infecting Linguini and me soon enough. Linguini dropped into his couch, said to us, \"We got another day tomorrow, guys. Good night, Remy, Minnie.\". He soon fell asleep, snoring slightly. Remy held up a paw to say that I wait a minute, and he jumped into the chair, leaping into the floor, scampering to the other side of the cabinets, jumping up into a cabinet after he opened a door, and he came out, holding a dinged handkerchief, and I smiled. Remy smiled at me, and then scampered back to me using the same way again, grabbing the blindfold which I thought it was a scarf or something similar. \"There you go. It's not the best bed ever, but it's alright, if that's okay with you, Minnie?\". Remy replied with a smile then a concerned look. I smiled at him. \"I was never a spoiled house mouse, so it's okay.\". Remy nodded, and we both hopped into the window aisle, myself folding the blindfold into a cushioned layered bed, with the handkerchief as a blanket. Remy scooted to his oven mitt aka bed, and glanced at me. \"Night, Minnie. Sweet dreams.\". I flickered a ear, smiling gratefully. \"Good night, Remy. Sleep well.\". We both went to cuddle under our covers, and went to sleep, welcoming dreams. One last thought I murmured to myself before my brain went to sleep. \"Good night, Paris.\". I blacked out to dreamland.[Chapter 5] A few weeks passed with me eventually meeting Emile, and his friends. Emile was very polite. He never cared that I was a mouse, not a rat like him. Some of Emile's friends were wary of me at first, but once I got to show them some warrior moves, gracefully using my tail as a extra appendage, they soon accepted me. Remy was worried and careful about me since he didn't want his father to show up for he told me that Django was wary of house mice because for some reason, long ago when Django was a young pup, he met a stuck-up/arrogant house mouse once, and he was nearly caught by that mouse's owner. So, ever since that time, Django is wary of house mice. Work went well and busy with Linguini and the rest of the kitchens staff. Linguini became best friends with me and Remy, becoming our owner, making us pets after receiving our vaccinations and such. Remy became my very best friend. With a bit of persuasion from myself and the blessing of Remy, Linguini finally ought the courage to tell Colette of his feelings for her which Colette confessed her feelings back to him. I really liked Colette because she reminded me of several great women, who's tough on the outside yet soft on the inside. Remy was reluctant to 'borrow' food for Emile and his friends, but he really wanted his clan to be full, not starving all the time. I knew how he felt. Being in a old clan myself, buying food lots of times when the clan was full, and cooking so much as well, but I really loved it as cooking is one of my passions. Then the big day came when the will and Renata's letter was discovered. I was there with Remy, and I actually was able to see Gusteau's soul affect his copies of the frozen foods. I grabbed Renata's purple letter in my mouth while Remy grabbed the will and the dna paper in his teeth once Skinner showed up suddenly. I muffledly shouted to Remy, \"Split up. Meet up at the apartment!\". Remy nodded to say that he understood me, then ran off with Skinner chasing him instead of me. I made it to Linguini's apartment by phone line, seeing Linguini taking a nap. I shook my head amusingly, then heard a thump behind me, and I turned to see Remy panting slightly from the run/chase he had with Skinner, dropping the papers on the table as I dropped my piece as well. \"Which turn to wake up Linguini?\". I asked him curiously. Remy took a second to think, and looked at me, \"Your turn, Minnie.\". I sighed, \"Knew it.\". I scampered into the couch, and tiptoed up to Linguini's head, facing him, and patting him on the cheek with my paws. He remained sleeping, snoring slightly as normal. I snorted in frustration, and thought for a minute, then smiled, climbing into the top of the couch, turning around. I tensed my back paws, posing for a jump as I positioned my target point. I jumped, landing on Linguini's stomach, startling him to wake up with a loud shriek and a 'oof' as well, looking at me with surprise as I smiled guiltily to him. Remy squeaked, grabbing his attention to the papers as Linguini got up with me in his hands, and letting me off into the table as Linguini read the papers, not one time, but three times, to make sure he wasn't imagining this. He quickly called Colette, slightly lying that his other friends found something important, and that he wanted her to help him. I and Remy hid inside his pockets as Colette came, and read the papers more quickly than Linguini did, and so with Colette's motorcycle, we made it back to the restaurant, and then soon enough, Linguini was known as the new owner of Gusteau's, and Skinner was fired. I and Remy looked at each other, smiling in our silent congratulations as we watched the celebration party tonight of the staff and Linguini. I hope, with my help, all this power and responsibility doesn't go to Linguini's head, otherwise Linguini and Remy's fight will happen as it did in the movie.[Chapter 6] Another couple of weeks of work and reassembling things back as they should be, and Linguini was grateful for us as we came into a new condo apartment, with one window aisle for Remy's room, and another window aisle next door for my room with a table between us to meet up every morning and greet Linguini. I was able to write down all the recipes that Remy did with Linguini's help, and so we made copies for the restaurant to keep safe in the office. Linguini spent free time with Colette, their budding relationship growing day by day. Then another big day came. The day of Linguini and Anton Ego's challenge. I was on the rafters, watching the press hound Linguini, wondering what Remy was thinking about all of this when I widened my eyes and perked my ears in surprise when Linguini inherently said that Colette was his inspiration, and I heard Remy's exclamations. \"No, no, it's me, you idiot! Remy, not Colette!\". Remy ranted. I winced as Linguini non-carefully put Remy plus his torque down on his table. I heard angry muttering from Remy as Linguini continued talking with the press, and I flickered a ear in boredom as I knew he and Remy is late for the dinner rush. Colette came out soon enough, telling that Linguini should return back to work, and the press began talking to Colette, saying that she is Linguini's inspiration. \"I would like to think so, but Chef Linguini here thinks otherwise, saying it is a secret of his own.\". Colette spoke casually. Linguini spoke, \"That's silly, Colette. I never had any secrets, why could I have one for cooking here?\". I heard Remy exclaim again, \"It's my secret and your secret! Ours!\". Linguini began to stop Remy from talking when the front doors opened, revealing the one and only Anton Ego. I watched his body language, and observed him. Sheesh, HQ was right. Ego really looks like a vulture somewhat. Remy and I watched the bantering conversation between Linguini and Ego, then the challenge came. Minutes later after the press left, Linguini and Remy started their fight, and I sighed, realizing this was actually meant to happen, even with my interference. I quickly crossed the rafters into the outside windows, turning around the corner when I saw Linguini suddenly threw Remy out of the torque, angry and glaring as he finished the fight. Remy was enraged, actually lifting a bottle, intending to throw it when Emile was caught in his view. \"Remy, what are you doing?\". I asked in surprise. Remy retorted sharply, \"What do you think?\". I said, \"You shouldn't be stealing like a rat, you are a cook!\". Remy snapped, \"You saw what that idiot did! I am not a cook. I am a rat literally!\". I growled back, \"Remy, this isn't right!\". Remy shouted, \"You think you are always right, do you? Well, I don't know why I am talking to you.\". I widened my eyes, \"What are you saying?\". Remy spat, \"Get away from me, you salope!\". I heard gasps from Emile and the group, and I sighed, glaring at him. \"Fine, I know when I am not needed. To think, I had respect for you, maybe..love you, but I see I was wrong. Goodbye, Remy.\". I spat slowly before I left, tears flooding my eyes, and as I climbed a post into the phone line, sobs broke out as the memory of the fight repeated over and over in my mind. I was trying to help, but he..he didn't want me. He called me that word. The others knew not to do that, but Remy did. I can't believe I said that I love him, but now, I don't know. Gusteau, please help me here.[Chapter 7] I sighed heavily as I rested my head on my paws, glancing at the Eiffel Tower on the closest building ever possible, the moon rising and Paris' lights turning on at times here and there. \"I hated seeing anyone in pain, heartbroken, hurt, yet I am here to give some company if you don't mind, young Mousewing.\". replied the soft voice of Gusteau as he appeared at the edge of my eye. I whispered, \"Hello, Gusteau. I am relieved you're here. I guess you saw everything, huh?\". Gusteau nodded slightly, \"I am shocked to see that Remy actually said that word. My species may be confusing, but they can infect animals to do worse, say worse things. Remy must have heard that word somewhere that the clan knew of. I saw Emile looking after your path once you left, he looked like he wanted to help you, but he didn't know how yet he actually fought with Remy.\". I blinked in shock as I glanced at Gusteau, \"Emile?! He may be a sweet guy, but he never acted angry in the times I've seen him.\". Gusteau shrugged, \"Just saying what I have watched. Remy actually looked guilty and shamed when I left my spot, intending to look for you when I heard you pray. And here we are.\". I sighed heavily, \"I want to return and make up with Remy, but I still feel hurt. I believe in him and he is my best friend, you know, but now,...\". Gusteau finished, \"You are afraid to find out the possibility of Remy rejecting your affections and perhaps ruining your friendship.\". \"Yeah, that about sums it up.\". I replied softly. Gusteau was silent for a while, watching Eiffel Tower twinkle with me, then spoke. \"I may not be helpful right now, but can you perhaps listen to my advice for a moment?\". I looked at Gusteau who's having a reassuring small smile for me, his hands grasped in anticipation. I smiled weakly, \"Who else can I talk to, anyway? Okay, Gusteau, go ahead.\". Gusteau's smile grew bigger, and he spoke, \"As you know, my motto is 'Anybody can cook', but did you actually know that it's just not that motto, but some more, from my beloved lover, Renata?\". My eyes widened, blinking and flickering my ears in surprise. \"Renata's favorite was actually a poem, that I often recited in my office long before my death. It said, 'As a cloud wafting through the sky, Blowing with the wind, Never quite complete in form, Ever sought, ever evading. Gust after gust reforming, renewed, Sometimes to dissolve away. Then again to be reborn, In a completely different view. When finally the formation full, The shape and lovely hue, And sweet rain from it fall, In a promise of sunlight anew.' \"This poem helped me through ruts and sadness, and I even recited it moments before I died.\". Gusteau finished. I thought about the poem over and over until I thought of Remy, then I exhaled, \"I got to go back. I need to tell him. I got to find him.\". Gusteau chuckled merrily, \"Knew you could get it, Mousewing. Now, get your man, er, rat.\". I smiled the biggest one I could manage, watched Gusteau wave as he disappeared. I ran and climbed down the pipes from the rooftop, thinking furiously. I am coming, Remy. I didn't want to fight with you. I know you didn't mean to say that word. You were angry, and I was hurt. I want to make up with you. I..love you. Wait for me, Remy.[Chapter 8] It took me a long time to return to the restaurant, as the sun was touching noon, and I saw Emile looking distraught as he stared at a black car. I blinked in memory as I realized that Skinner caught Remy. \"Emile, where is Remy?\". I called out. Emile grinned at me, \"Minnie, thank goodness. I was wondering what happened to you since that..\". I nodded, \"Since that fight, I know. Now, tell me, where's he? Where's Remy?\". \"In there.\". Emile responded as he pointed to the trunk of the car. I sighed heavily. I glanced up to see the gargoyle statues on the next building, and grinned, spoke of the plan to Emile. \"Go get your father, now. I'll be fine.\". Emile nodded frantically and scampered off into the sewer vents, disappearing to go to the clan's location. I glanced at the back doors, and set my chin as I then ran on all fours, heading to the open window, making care that no one sees me as I make it steadily to Linguini's office, sliding under the door, and saw Linguini sitting on his chair, sleeping. I shook my head, flickering my ears in frustration, as I scampered up the chair, and swung my tail into his cheek like I was slapping him in a way to wake him up. Linguini yelped as he woke up, his eyes wide and his hand clutching his chest as I could feel high vibrations of his heart beating furiously, then slowing down as Lingini took deep breaths. I squeaked, \"Hey, Linguini.\". Linguini glanced at me, his face taking on a relieved look, his hand moving to my position as I walked into it. We soon faced each other equally. \"Minnie, you're okay. I didn't see you anywhere, not even at the apartment. What happened?\". Linguini asked. I pointed to him, gestured with my eyes as I then pointed to the torque. Linguini winced, \"You saw the fight?\". I raised a eyebrow, nodding, and then pointed to myself. \"You fought with Remy too?\". He asked in surprise. I dropped my ears sadly and nodded. A hand rubbed my back gently, startling me to see into Linguini's brown eyes, \"Hey, it's all our faults, getting into these stupid fights and all. Heck, I started it in the first place.\". He said sadly with a weak reassuring smile. I hugged his hand as a sign of forgiveness and understanding. He smiled bigger. \"Do you know where Remy is?\". he asked curiously. I shrugged my paws, and flickered my ears in a half-back, half-forward way. \"You have a idea of where he might be, but you're not sure.\". Linguini surmised. I nodded slightly when suddenly a knock came, and Linguini grabbed me, put me under the torque. One of the staff was asking for his advice, and from that moment, I watched more and more people ask for help as I felt Linguini's voice vocalizing nervously, and his tittering body didn't help any better. I knew of the recipes in the safe in the office, but I knew it couldn't be enough to sway Ego. We needed Remy back. Linguini screamed in frustration as pressure from the staff overwhelmed him, even Colette. Moments later, we heard yells, and Linguini peeked through the windows, and with incredible speed that he somehow drew out of nowhere, he saved Remy in time, defending him furiously like a loyal best friend should be. From that minute, everything went on like the movie, with Linguini introducing me as Remy's partner and co-chef. Remy was overjoyed to see me, and when the staff left, and a depressed Linguni went back to his office, he couldn't stop apologizing to me, and I had to do the brave thing to make him stop. I kissed him, hard. His eyes actually looked lopsided as his brain was overloaded by the new feelings he was having from the sudden kiss. I giggled, loving his awestruck look, startling him to refocus back, and he smiled at me. \"I'd never thought I could fall in love with a beautiful, and amazing mouse like you, Minnie.\". Remy complimented, and I blushed lightly. \"Oh, stop it, Remy. \". I nuzzled him lightly as I looked around. \"So, what do we do now?\". Remy sighed, \"I don't know.\". I touched his shoulder as he slumped sadly with a slight smile at my comfort for him. We both turned around, and I saw Django. Remy looked at me, and I gestured for him, \"Go ahead, talk with him. I am okay here.\". Remy nodded and paddled toward his father, and the confessions was made, and with a bittersweet look at me from Django, the clan was called forward, and the invasion, er, teams began cooking at Remy and my instructions. Later on, the ratatouille was made by a returned Colette and Remy together as I overlooked the teams working on the entrees and desserts as the night was closing down. After I was introduced to Ego, with my new title of work, and the restaurant done for the night, I remained with Remy as he gently refused his father's offer and Linguini's offer as well as I did too. I took Remy to my newfound spot, watching and quietly talking like we didn't want to spoil the night, and we fell asleep in each other's arms. Soon, we will have the bistro, but some things remain the same. We have Linguini, Colette, Ego, and the rat clan including Emile, and a reluctant Django as well. I suspect the future is promised to be a interesting one for us all.[Chapter 9] A year later- I was right. The future got interesting for us all. Upon the morning when we got the newspaper, heard the positive review, Remy asked me to be his mate, and of course, I accepted. However, some things had to end, so we lost Gusteau's, thanks to Skinner and the Inspector, and Ego lost his job. In time, we gained much better things. With Ego supporting us, we founded Bistro La Ratatouille, gave the rat clan a safe place to eat and chat with no worry, and Remy and I becoming chef and co-chef, with Colette becoming our cook, and Linguini becoming our waiter as well. Linguini asked Colette to marry him some time later, and I can finally say that Colette accepted quite happily. I and Remy became witnesses to their small, private wedding ceremony. For the rat clan, I often babysat the pups (baby rats), and after showing my warrior moves, a slowly accepting Django came to teach me how to fight rat style, as he did for Remy and Emile. He has a wary fondness for the humans, and recently, he has a wary yet impressed opinion of me as we came to know each other. Well after we had settled into our jobs, Linguini and Colette decided to adopt a baby from one of the local orphanages. As soon as they came home with their new 13 months old son, Remy and I fell in love with the babe. He has soulful smoky gray eyes, and his hair is dark blonde. His name is Geoffrey Reule Linguini. He is one of the quiet ones, gratefully, but he's so sweet. He took to like us as he saw that we could never harm him, and that we are affectionate pets, so we soon had paternal instincts. My paternal instinct was evoked one day. It was like any other normal day. Colette was out getting new supplies for Bistro Ratatouille while Linguini was sleeping like a little kid. Remy was reading a new cookbook while I was checking Geoffrey and then heading down to Remy. Suddenly that day was changed once I smelt a new scent in the household. Now, I knew everyone's scent including all the pups and adults of the clan. But this scent got me on defense and pure instinct. I was upon the middle of the stairs, turning immediately. Once I entered the nursery, I saw him. Tense and lying under the rocking chair, a large Norwegian rat was staring at me with beady, vicious eyes, his jaws slightly foaming at the edges. I immediately knew I was facing a rabid rat. I hissed, my rat instinct assisting me as I set my body language in a defensive, challenging position. He kept staring at me as I crept closer, sensing that he used to be a pack rat, and older than me, about equal to Django's age. I knew I had a regime of warrior moves and rat instincts to aid me in this dominance and survival battle. In minutes alone, I and the foreign rat fought, earning a free moment to shout to Remy who just came in to wake up Linguini now. Once the rat almost got to the crib, making me outraged and protective as I slammed into him, my paternal instinct overriding my natural instincts, killing the rat almost immediately with a straight bite to the neck. I won the battle, saving the baby, and earning some battle marks as well. I had a bite upon my left ear, a large claw mark across my underside of the chin, a injured paw, and my tail sported three claw marks. Remy took to nurse me as Linguini frantically and gratefully looked over little Geoffrey. A while later, Colette returned and she was so happy that she had tears falling, thanking me so much. The dead rival rat was disposed of, and later on at the clan's location, Django was honest with me, saying that he was proud and impressed of me. I was delighted, realizing that I finally earned his respect and blessing. With my injured paw looked after, my bed was improved with a extra feature, a gesture of the human couple's gratefulness. I knew that they will tell Ego of the events, but I didn't care, for I knew it was my duty to protect anyone in need, especially helpless ones as I am truly a warrior in heart and instinct. I also was happy to receive Sunrise's relieved happiness in approval. It's my world, my home, my family. I intend to protect it all from anyone who dares to harm it all.[Chapter 10] (Sunrise's P.O.V.) Mousewing was right. I was silent and anticipated as I watched her battle that rat, and I was very, very impressed since she's small and in a different form, yet she performed her duty most excellently. She acted protective yet fierce for the baby, leaving no thought for herself until she won. She may received marks, but she bears them proudly. That day was the most exhausting yet terrifying day for Linguini and Colette, and I was relieved to see no harm on little Geoffrey. Of course, Ego was informed, and he congratulated Mousewing for her victory, giving her a loyal friend in Ego. Remy was the most concerned for Mousewing, but when he saw that she was mostly okay, he was greatly relieved, that he was the nurse to her for many days, checking that injured paw until it healed. The big event was soon put away into the past, for there were great surprises in the near future. You see, Remy and Mousewing became proud parents of a big litter of pups; literally sextuplets. That means 7 babies; 4 girls and 3 boys. The firstborn pup is a boy, he has Mousewing's fur pattern, but he has Remy's blue-gray color. His paws are pale pinkish tan, and his tail has a dark gray tip. His eyes are stormy blue, and his name is Flint. The second-born pup is a girl, she resembles Remy to a point yet she has Emile's dusty brown color. Her eyes are pale almond brown. Her name is Zurie. The third-born pup is a boy, he has a reverse pattern of Mousewing's fur scheme yet he was said to resemble his late grandmother, Maria who had brown fur like Emile. His eyes are dark blue, and his name is Arnett. The fourth, fifth, sixth pups are girls. Surprisingly, they are fraternal triplets. The first girl is a near-clone of Mousewing, with Django's grey eyes. Her name is Nicole. The second girl is a resemblance of Django with Remy's body type, with dark brown eyes. She is known as Maia. The final girl resembles Mouswing, but that's where it ends. All her fur is coal black, and her eyes are light blue. Her name is Nerissa. The final pup, a son, is the youngest and smallest of the litter. Some call him a runt, but I don't believe that. He resembles Emile in a way, yet his fur is salt-white/black-peppered almost like he has been rained on. His eyes are bi-colored; his right one is dark blue while his left one is light brown. His name is Saffron. Emile and Django was delighted to welcome the kids into the rat clan, and everybody else was happy. Linguini and Colette was awed of the big litter, and loved the names that Mousewing wrote down. Pups grow faster than humans respectively, so little Geoffrey was delighted to have little playmates to hang out with once the litter was given all the shots from the local vet like their parents did long ago. And for Ego, he was wondering very much of who will be the future chefs out of the litter. He seems to favor Maia and Saffron since they took to take after their parents a lot in actions and behavior. I believe Saffron is the future chef Ego is looking for, with Maia perhaps as the co-chef as well. Who knows what will be becoming of the litter after all? Either way, Mousewing is very proud and happy. I am very happy for her. Lead your family into the future and their destinies, Mousewing. Good Luck. ","Summary":" Hello, Mousewing here. People on the surface calls me Minnie. I am the second to last warrior of th"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"A New Carrie","Author":"BoladeMeme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13133168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carrie belongs to Stephen King Carrie walked through the hallway, shrunk and nervously, feeling the evil looks and smiles of those who judge her. \"Freak.\" \"Crazy.\" \"Ugly.\" \"You should kill yourself.\" Carrie could hear the whispers, it would never end, that avalanche of problems that choked her. \"Why doesn't that end? What did I do to deserve this? Why is everyone so mean to me?\" Carrie always wondered about that. Looking in the direction of the lockers and saw a janitor cleaning a graffiti: CARRIE WHITE EATS SHIT Tears were beginning to coming out through her eyes. \"Look at that, a crying freak.\" \"Fuck, the devout of Jesus is always crying.\" \"Maybe she masturbates with a crucifix.\" \"Haha, very funny Mike.\" More whispers and wicked smiles. Carrie rushed the step and went to the bathroom. There she stood in front of a mirror, heaved her strawberry blond hair from a cloth that fastened it. Anger and Sadness was what she felt, so she stared at the mirror with a lot of hatred. But then, the mirror began to crack,and then the mirror broke, breaking into several pieces of glass. Frightened, Carrie sees that the pieces begin to float. No longer frightened, and rather amazed, she smiles, a true smile, one that she has not given for a long time. \" Amazing \" She thought. A noise at the door caught his eye, taking the concentration of the glass and removing it from his power. A girl came in, Heather Shyres, one of the Ultras, a group of rich and popular girls, she's one of the most tortures her. Carrie took her things fast and came out of the bathroom. In the library, (one of the few places she felt safe, perhaps the only one) picked up some book on telekinesis. She sat on a chair in front of a computer and typed it on the keyboard: Magic powers She watched a video of someone moving a sheet of paper. She didn't know if it was true or fake, but it was amazing. Freddy Holt, better known as The Beak, one of Ewen High's nerds, (he did not mock her, but also did not help her) came towards her. \"Um... you know...Sorry\" \"I was just going to say, you can make it in full-screen\" He clicked with the mouse on an icon, and as he had said, it went full-scream. And he left. She turned her attention to the video. In the classroom, she sat in her place waiting for the class to begin. As the class did not start, he laid his head on the table and reflected on her life. Her \" life \" could be called hell, there was never peace. At home, she was abused by the one who was supposed to love and protect her, her own mother, Margaret White. Margaret was a religious fanatic who prevented Carrie from having a normal life, for her, everything is a sin, she was the cause Carrie suffered bullying. At school she was bullied by many students, the worst was the bathroom incident, the day she had her first menstruation. \"What a horrible day, the worst of all\" . She thought. She thought she was dying. Mama didn't say anything and I suffered for it. They laughed and threw things at me. As she remembered that day, tears came out of her eyes. At home she was locked in the closet, the worst place of all, where she would be locked up and prayed for hours. \"I hate that closet.\" She thought angry. \"Is there anyone who understands me?\" She wondered. Mr. Ullman, the English teacher, entered the room (he also hated Carrie). He sat in his chair and announced: \"Class, we have a new student.\" This caught the attention of Carrie and the rest of the class. \"Great, one more to torment me.\" The rest of the class spoke things like: \"Is he handsome? \"and\" I hope she's single\" \" You can come in, Mr. Hargensen\" \"Is he related with Chris?\"Some girl said. Some people gasped. No knew Chris Hargensen has a brother. The silence has taken over the room. A boy enters the room, all looking directly at him. He had an oval face, dark and smooth hair, had a clear skin and had blue eyes. He was wearing headphones, obviously listening to music, and it was his clothes were all black, shirt, pants and sneakers. His expression was blank. \"Satanist.\"That's what mama would say. \"Introduce yourself, Mr. Hargensen,\" said Mr. Ullman. The same sighed ,and murmured something: \"What a drag.\" \"What did you say?\" the teacher asked. \"Nothing.\" he replied. \"Hi, my name is Jason Hargensen.\" \"That's it ?\" \"I'll tell the rest to those I think deserve\"he replied, bored. The girls' cheeks in the room turned red, while the boys looked at him with envy. \"Wow, he's so mysterious. \" \"He's perfect\" \"Emo displayed\" \"Feeling superior\" When Mr. Ullman asked the class if we had any questions, a girl raised her hand and asked. \"Are you single?\" Yes, but right now I'm not interested in dating. \" He replied seeming bored. \"Too bad, you're cute.\" She said His expression was still neutral, but he had a little red on his cheeks. Mr. Ullman told him to sit in the spot in front of Carrie. \"And who is Carrie? \" He asked. The teacher pointed to Carrie who shrank in her place, not liking the attention. He went towards her and sat down in his place. He withdrew the materials from his backpack and put his head over his hand. What Carrie didn't expect was for him to turn his head and give her a little smile. Carrie blushed a bit, but then she seemed surprised. Something came over her head. \"I know him from somewhere.\" She thought. \" Looks like this is going to be interesting.\" He thought. Author Notes: Hey guys. This is my first fanfic so i hope you like it.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2-Poems and a friend? Carrie belongs to Stephen King Carrie was watching a flag. So she used her powers to move it. Carrie smiles a little bit but something draws her attention from the flag. Mr. Ullman was calling her. \"Carrie,favorite poem. Did you bring one ?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Why don't you come to the front of the and share it with us all?\" Carrie then walks ahead to front of the class and then starts reading her poem. While she was reading, some students snickered and others chucked. When she finished, she looked at the class. \"Okay,uh,that was,uh ...\" Looks at Tina. \"Disturbing\" Tina gives him a smile. \"That was the time you talked the most all year. Do you want to share anything else or are you done scaring us to the day ?\" Everybody starts to laugh, well almost everybody. Carrie looks down sad. \"Asshole.\" \"What did you say, Mr. Hargensen?\" \"Are you deaf? I called you an idiot and for your information, Carrie's poem was awesome.\" Everyone was surprised, especially Carrie. No one's ever defended the freak. \"Detention Mr. Hargensen.\" \"Chris will love to hear that. \" Tina thought . Jason then sighs. Carrie then returned to her place still a little surprised by what happened. At the school cafeteria, Carrie walked to her lonely place. No one's ever sat next to her. Being Carrie's friend meant you'd be an outsider like her and nobody wanted that. Carrie then started reading the books she had picked up in the library. \"Excuse me, can I sit with you? The other tables are full. \" Carrie then looked to see who had called her. It was Jason, the new student. \"Y-y-yes you can.\" Carrie replied timidly. Jason then sat beside her and stretched out her hand to her. \"My name is Jason Hargensen, but can you just call me Jason.\" \"I-i know. You said that in class. \" Oddly, Jason seemed a little upset, but then he gave her a little smile and scratched the back of his neck and laughed. \"Hehe. It is true. \" \"And you're Carrie, right?\" He asked. \"H-how do you know M-my name?\" She asked nervously. \"Um... The teacher called your name in the room. Do you remember? \" He said smiling. Carrie smiled a little bit, but then she noticed something strange. Carrie noticed the difference in his personality. For everyone in the room he was apparently anti-social and very serious, not to mention his blank expressions and seeming to be bored. But to her, he was someone totally different. The tone of his voice and his behaviour was entirely different to what he presented in the room. Like she was someone very important to him. He took one of her books and said: \"Telekinesis: Unlocking the Mind.\" \"No, no.\"Carrie said nervous, quickly taking the book out of Jason's hands. \"Do you believe in telekinesis? Psychic powers? \" He said smiling and with an interested look. Carrie was going to open her mouth to answer, but she was interrupted by a ball that hit her head, making almost everyone laugh. While Carrie was holding her head in a lot of pain and crying, Jason took the ball and shouted, \"WHO THREW IT?\" That shut everyone up, many were frightened by his tone of voice, including Carrie. An jock stepped forward. He was accompanied by a group of four boys. \"I'm the one who threw the ball. Why, you gonna do something? \" He said, smiling. Another boy was next to him. \"It was just a joke man, no big deal. \" \"Just a joke?\" Slowly, Jason rose from the chair. It looked like he was going to kill someone. The tone of his voice was cold and dead, his empty expression and his eyes were dead and looking scary, causing a huge strain there in the cafeteria. Jason threw the ball straight into the nose of the one who threw the ball at Carrie, knocking him out instantly. Two of the other boys ran towards Jason while the other two helped their friend. Jason held the punch of one and threw him towards the table, making him hit his face on the table. The other tried to kick Jason's belly, but he held the kick and knocked him down with a kick in the chest. Another one of those boys was coming, but Jason took a milk box and threw it on the floor, making the jock fall and hitting his head on the ground as he stepped on it. \"ANYONE ELSE ?\" Jason screamed. Everyone was shocked by what happened. One guy, just one guy, knocked down four of the best athletes who were bigger than him, with little effort. Jason looked at Carrie and gave her a smile. The cafeteria door opened violently, the physical education teacher entered. She looked around and screamed. \"CAN SOMEONE TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED HERE ? \" \"Man, she looks furious.\" Jason explained to her what had happened and the reason for the fight, saying that he was just defending Carrie. She took him to the principal's office so he could explain to the principal what happened. In the principal's office, Jason explained what had happened in the fight and listened to the director's lectures. When he left the room, he found Miss Desjardin. \"Professor, can you give me a information about a student?\" \"About who?\" She seemed a little curious. \"Carrie White. \" He replied. Her expression became serious, she walked closer to him. \"Why? If you're thinking of plotting something against her, I will... \" \"Believe me, professor, I'm not the kind of person who likes bullying other people.I want to know what she's going through here, because from what I've seen, it seems to occur often. \" He said serious. She sighed and told him everything about Carrie. Jason thanked her and asked her where Carrie was. \"In the library.\" Jason thanked her again and went to look for Carrie there. When he entered the library, he soon found her at a table reading the same books she was reading at the cafeteria. \"Hi,\" He said smiling. \"H-hi.\" She said smiling a bit. He sat down and then they started talking. \"Why did you defend me? \" \"Carrie, no one should go through what you're going through.\" This caused a silence between them, but that silence ended when he asked a question. \"Carrie, you want to be my friend?\" Carrie was looking at him shocked. \"What ?\" I asked you if you want to be my friend? \" He he stretched out his hand to her. \"Y-you're just trying to trick me, you're Chris's brother.\" \"Believe me, Carrie, I'm not like my sister or one of those idiots at this school. I know how you feel. You can trust me. \" Again he stretched out his hand. For some reason Carrie felt that she should trust him, something inside her said that he was different from the others. She then took his hand and smiled. \"Yes, I want to be your friend.\" By saying that Jason smiled back. Unknown to them,they were being watched. \"What does that freak want with my loser brother.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3- Flashbacks Carrie rights belongs to Stephen King Jason and Carrie were still chatting in the library. While they were talking, Carrie kept thinking about why Jason was so familiar. She's sure she knows Jason from somewhere but she didn't know why. They decided to know each other better. Well, Jason decided it, Carrie just agreed. \"Tell Me more about yourself. \" He said . Carrie was going to open her mouth to speak, but she interrupted herself. \"Uh, what do I talk about?\" She asked, a little uncertain about what she should speak, after all, she was not used to this kind of talk. \"Uh, how about I go first and you do it like me ?\"Carrie nodded. Jason then sighed and began to speak. \"My name is Jason Hargensen, I'm 17 years old. The things I like are my mom, coffee, chocolate, rpg, anime, manga, comics, games and cooking. The things I don't like are bullying, criminals and a certain someone. My hobbies are drawing, reading, cooking, cosplay and training. My dreams for the future are to become an illustrator and travel to Japan.\" He finished his presentation, leaving her amazed. \"My name is Carrieta White but everyone calls me Carrie, I'm 16 years old. The things I like are my mom, chocolate pudding, rabbits, and orange juice. I don't like it when they mock me or when they hurt me and the closet. I don't have many hobbies, but the ones I have are reading and sew. I have no dream for the future.\" She finished, looking down, that last part made her sad. That didn't pass unnoticed to Jason. \"Very good, Carrie. That was really good Carrie. \" He said smiling. That surprised Carrie, she didn't think he'd like it, she smiled back. \"Carrie, what's your family looks like? \" Carrie froze when he asked that. Jason noticed that. \"What should i say? Do i talk about the way mama treats me? \" She thought nervous. That was a question she didn't know how to answer. \"Carrie, are you ok?\" \"Nothing. I live with my mother, I never met my father. He died before I was born. The relationship between me and my mother is... complicated. \"She said a little sad. Jason hugged her and she hugged back. \"I'm sorry.\" \"It's fine. \" They let go and kept talking. \"And what's your family looks like?\" She was curious about how his family should be. He sighed. \"Me and my family... we're also a complicated case. I lived with my mother after my parents divorced. She's very good to me. My relationship with my father has always been complicated. With my twin sister, ... our relationship used to be good, but it changed, she started beating me and ridicule me because of my looks and the things I like. My dad... he cheated on my mom when Chris and I were nine and it made them get divorced, but recently they got back together.\" \"Oh, i'm sorry.\" \"Nah, it's okay. I'm sure someday these problems will disappear and things will get better. The problems between you and your mother will also disappear and the relationship of you two will get \" He said smiling. She didn't say anything, but she smiled back. \" Nah, it's okay. I'm sure someday these problems will disappear and things will get better.\"A little boy said smiling, making a small Carrie smile and answer. \"Ok\". The voice and image of a little boy came into Carrie's mind. It was a memory, one that was long forgotten. \"What?\" \"Did you say something ?\" \"I had a flashback with a little boy and I when I was little and he said the same thing you said to me. Strange, isn't it? \" He smiled. \"What?\" \"Nothing.\"He looked at the clock and sighed, he seemed disappointed. \"I think we've spent too much time here, we have to go back to class. \" He was right, they were talking for a long time. They took their stuff and went to class. \"What does that flashback mean? \" Carrie thought. \" Great, she's starting to remember .\" Jason thought happy. When school was over, Carrie waited outside the school for her mother. She said she'd pick her up early, but she didn't show up. As she waited, she felt the looks and whispers of several students. Apparently, the news of Carrie being the only one who talked to the new student has already spread throughout the school. Carrie decided to ignore everything, and it worked, until a certain group of girls showed up. \"So, what were you doing with my pathetic brother, Carrie?\" Carrie recognized the voice. \"Everything was going so well. \" Carrie Sighed and looked back and there they were, the most popular girls of Ewen High, the Ultras. The ultras are led by Chris Hargensen. Her friends Tina Blake; Sue Snell; Heather Shyres; The twin sisters Nicki and Lizzy Watson; Rachel Spies and Myra Crewes are also part of this group. Almost all of them were there, Sue wasn't with them. They all hate Carrie and do everything to make her life a living hell. \"W-what do you mean?\" \"C'mon Carrie, the whole school already knows that you two are very good friends.\" She said crossing her arms and with an expression of disgust. \"Y-y-you want m-me to g-g-get away from him?\" \"That's right Porky Pig, i want you away from him. I may not like him, but even a piece of shit like him should know you're a waste of time. \" She sneered. Carrie's eyes widened and she put her hands in her mouth. \"How can you talk like that about your own brother?!\" She was shocked. Chris was angry and prepared to punch her. \"Listen, freak, I'll treat him the way I want. It's bad enough that you two reunited again and now you...\" \"Wait, what did she said?!\" What Chris means with \"you two reunited agai n\"?! Chris's fist was interrupted from hitting Carrie's face. They turned their heads to see who was holding, it was Jason who was holding. He had his cold eyes. \"Chris, stop it now. \" His voice was very calm. He loosened her fist and they stared at each other for a while. \"STOP IT NOW!\" The same little boy from before shouted, a little Carrie turned her head and saw him. Carrie had another flashback. \"Let's go.\" Chris said to her friends. A car parked in front of the school, and from it came out the guy who Jason most hates in the whole world. Billy Nolan. \"Hargensen.\" \"Nolan\" \"Come on, Chris. \"He said and went towards the car with she following him. On the way to the car, Billy slapped Chris in the butt. Jason clenched his fists and glared at Billy. \"That bastard has the nerve to do that to her in front of me. We hate each other and he does it to make me angry. He already tormented me too much by bullying me, and now he's found a new way to torment me. \" Jason thought very angry. Billy e Chris got into the car and went away \"Is everything ok?\" \"Yeah.\" He said smiling at her and kept watching the car go away. Carrie knew that he was lying and that his smile was fake, she knew that he obviously cared about Chris even though she treated him badly and he also didn't like Billy or the fact that he was dating his sister. \"Carrie, get in the car.\" Carrie recognized the voice and froze. Her mother, Margaret White, had arrived and she did not seem happy. \"Mama.\" Carrie said with fear in her voice. She went towards her mother's car and got in the car. Margaret did not enter, she glared at Jason and pointed her finger. \"Stay away from my daughter, Devil spawn.\" She got in the car. Carrie looked at Jason and he was smiling and waving at her. \"Bye Carrie, see you tomorrow.\" \"Bye Carrie, see you tomorrow. \" The same little boy was smiling and waving at Carrie who smiled and noded back at him. \"Bye, Jason.\" Another flashback. This time Carrie found out what the boy's name is, his name is Jason. \"Maybe that's why Jason's so familiar. But why didn't I recognize him? And why didn't he say anything? Does mama know him too?\" Now Carrie is determined to figure out this mystery about Jason.[Chapter 4] Carrie rights belongs to Stephen King Jason Jason observed Carrie getting into her mother's car but also noticed her fear. He noticed the fear in the eyes and in the voice of Carrie when Margaret asked her to get in the car with that cold look. Margaret pointed her finger at him and gave the best glare at him but he just ignored it was nothing. \"Stay away from my daughter, Devil spawn \" He saw her come in and saw that Carrie was looking at him with fear and concern. He breathed deep and gave the best smile he could and waved to Carrie. \"Bye, Carrie, see you tomorrow.\" \"You haven't changed at all, Margaret. You still treat her like she's trash . \" The car started and left, leaving Jason alone on the sidewalk. Jason's cell phone vibrated, making him pick up his cell phone. It was a message from your father saying \"really? It's the first day at your new school, and you goes to detention? When I get home we'll talk. \" He sighed and prepared to go to his detention. \"Hey, you know you should be in detention, right? \" Jason turned around and saw who called him, was the physical education teacher, Miss Desjardin. \"Yeah I know, I had to sort things out.\" He said and went to detention. When he walked into the room, he saw the same boys he had fought. When the detention was over, Jason took his stuff and left the room. On the way to his house, he bumped into a girl he hadn't seen in years. When he bumped into her, she dropped some books. \"Hey, watch where you're going.\" He decided to help her pick the books. When he was about to apologize to the girl, he looked at her and recognized her. \"Olivia?\" He drew the attention of this Olivia. \"Jason?! Oh I'm so glad to see you again.\" She said and hugged him. Olivia Cooper is a girl with a beauty that many would kill to have. She has short, red hair with black tips, brown eyes and a beautiful face, her semblamt full of goodness and joy despite all that has passed. At the age of 14, she lost her mother and Mary, her younger sister, both committed suicide. She went to live with her father in Chamberlain, but she never communicated with Jason or one of her friends. She defended Jason and Mary from bullies and she taught Jason to defend himself from many bullies. The two were always great friends, but they had to cut their relationships after all that. \"How are...\" \"Sorry, Jason, but I'm super late for an autograph session. See you another day. \" With that she ran away with her books. Jason shrugged his shoulders and went on his way. Carrie Fear. Fear is what Carrie is feeling right now. Why is that? Because she and Margaret came home, and she knows what's going to happen. Along all the way they didn't exchange a word. Carrie looked at the house, the place where she had many sad memories, the place where she is abused and deprived of living. They left the car and Margaret looked coolly at Carrie. \"Get in the house, little girl. We need to talk. \" Carrie didn't say anything, she just followed Margaret into the house. When she entered the house, she saw Margaret standing in the living room and whispering words that Carrie don't understand. Carrie took courage and went to her mother with slow steps. She touched her shoulder with shaky hands, making her stop whispering. \"M-mama, a-are you ok?\" Margaret said nothing, the silence in that room was frightening. Margaret turned and looked at Carrie, her cold stare was making her tremble with fear, she knows this look and knew what was to come, all she can do is to prepare physically and mentally for what would happen. Carrie was afraid of her mother, but she also loves her, even with the way she is treated. She's sure she's loved, even if only a little. But that doesn't mean it didn't hurt. Having her own mother treating her like that is something that only made her lose hope in her life. Margaret took her Bible with her two hands and hit her Carrie's face and kept hitting her with that Bible. \"STOP IT MAMA! PLEASE, STOP! YOU'RE HURTING ME! \" Carrie yelled, but then she got hit in the right eye. She was already crying but Margaret ignored Carrie's cries and continued beating, and over, and over, and over, and over until she stopped. When she stopped beating, she looked at Carrie who was crying and sobbing, she was holding her right eye. \"Carrie, you need stop seeing that boy who was with you. You can still be saved from the demonic power that he carries with him before it possesses you. He should never have come back. \" That frightened Carrie, she finally found someone different from the others and she will have to get away from that person. But something that Margaret said caught Carrie's attention. He never should have come back. That proved Carrie's suspicions about her mother knowing who is Jason. \"N-no m-mama, you don't understand... Jason... He is good boy... He...\" She did not finish her sentence, because Margaret slapped her face so hard that leave a red mark and making Carrie cry even more. Margaret looked at Carrie angrily and growled. \"SILENCE.\" \"Yes, I know him, or at least I thought I knew him. Me and his mother Kimberly were friends, we met at church. He was a good little boy and he was the only one I authorized to be your friend and play with you when you two were kids. But it changed when he was possessed by the devil. \" \"Possessed ?\" \"Yes, he was possessed. The devil put his filthy hands on him and gave him demonic powers. And it was those powers that hurt you when you were a kid, so I forbid him to see you before he hurt you again and use his powers against you again. \" She ended her explanation leaving Carrie shocked. \" She can't be serious. Jason would never hurt me. Right? \" Carrie didn't want to believe what her mother said, Jason wouldn't never hurt her, even less with a \"demonic power\" that the devil give to him. \"Go to your closet, Carrie.\" Everything around Carrie got slow and cold, the closet, that horrible place, seemed to be bigger and darker. Carrie didn't know if what she was seeing was real or she was finally gone crazy after everything she been through. Her attention was taken from the closet when she felt the pain of having her hair pulled too hard by her mother. She was being dragged into the closet and she'd be in there for hours in that infernal place. Margaret not only ignored the screams of Carrie but also ignored several tremendous furniture because of Carrie's powers. She locked Carrie in and started asking her to pray while banging her head on the door like she was crazy. A noise in the kitchen drew the attention of Margaret, who was frightened to see various objects flying around the house. Carrie stayed inside the closet for hours until she was released from that damn place that she hates so much. Jason He approached his house and opened the door. The house was silent, indicating that no one else has arrived yet. He went into the kitchen and opened the fridge, picking up a can of soda and went to his room. In the bedroom he put his backpack on the floor and took some clothes and went to take a bath. After he got out of the shower, he locked the room and went to sleep. A few hours later he wakes up with knocking on the door. He gets up out of bed and opens the door. His mother, Kimberly, had arrived. Kimberly is a beautiful woman with 37 years old, blue eyes and long brown hair. \"Hi, Mom.\" \"Hi, Jason. I want a little help with dinner. Your father is still at work and your sister is with her boyfriend. \" She speaks the ' boyfriend ' part with pure disgust and hatred. She and Jason hate Billy with passion and they don't approve him as Chris's boyfriend, John is too busy to realize what kind of person Billy is and that he shouldn't date Chris. It was Billy who turned Chris into the arrogant, cruel girl she is today. He also bullied Jason when he was little. \"All right, I'll be right there.\" In the kitchen they start preparing dinner. Kimberly taught Jason many things like cooking, making coffee, cleaning the house and washing clothes. \"How was school?\" \"It was good.\" \"I heard you got into a fight and went to detention. Jason, you know I like this fight stuff. Gee, you responded and offended a teacher in a very rude way. Jason, I thought you... \" Jason raised his hand, interrupting her and signaling that he wants to talk. \"Mom,I've had my reasons for everything I've done. The professor was a jerk, I was defending a girl he was mocking. Already the part of the fight, there were four idiots that threw a soccer ball in the head of that same girl and then laughed at her like she deserved all that. \"And who is this girl? Is she beautiful? \" She asked interested. His face got pretty red. \"Oh someone is in love. C'mon , tell me already.\" \"It's Carrie White, do you remember her?\" Her eyes widened, but then she smiled like she was a maniac and held her shoulders very tightly and sopping his shirt. \"CARRIE ? OFCOURSE I REMEMBER THAT SWEET LITTLE GIRL. ARE YOU REALLY STUDYING WITH HER ? HOW IS SHE ?IS SHE STILL BEALTIFUL? IS SHE...\" \"Calm down, mom, you're going to make me deaf with you screaming like that. Yes, I'm studying with the same Carrie who used to play with me when I was a child. And yes, she's very beautiful. * Jason's cheeks got a little red when he said it * but unfortunately she's not well, I think she suffers from Margaret's abuses and to get worse, she suffers bullying from practically the whole school, that's why I fought today , I was defending her from those four idiots.\" He left out the part that Chris is the most bullies Carrie because he didn't want any trouble for his sister, even though she deserved it. Kimberly got a furious expression, she likes Carrie very much and she doesn't like the fact that she's being abused by her own mother. \"Margaret, you ... I have no words to describe that woman. I really thought she had become someone better. Poor Carrie, she must suffer a lot in that school and in her house. But was she happy to see you again? \" Jason sighed and put his hands on the counter. \"She... She didn't recognize me, for her I was a random face she saw for the first time in her life. \" Was? What do you mean? \" Jason smiled \"I believe she's starting to remember that we were friends. Today in the library she said she had a flashback, a flashback about a little boy saying the same thing I said to her when we were kids.\" \"That's good a thing, Jason.\" \"More or less.\" He whispered that part. At that moment the door of the house opened, Chris had arrived and she was not alone, Billy, Tina and Heather were with her. \"Mom, I'm home.\" \"Hi, Chris, how was your day?\" Although Chris is who she is now, Kimberly still loves her daughter but she's sad to see what her sweet little girl has become while she's gone. \"It was nice. Look, Billy, Tina and Heather are going to stay for dinner, okay mom? \" \"Of course, dear, it will be great to have them here to dine with us. \" She said it in a sweet, fake voice. \"Your brother is helping me, we just need to do a little more now.\" \"Is he cooking? Great news, we're all going to die poisoned. \" Billy, Tina and Heather held their laughter. Jason smiled and replied. \"Then why are you still alive, after all, I made the food yesterday. And at least I know how to cook and I don't need any money from mom or dad to not starve myself. \" Heather and Kimberly held their laughter. Chris glared at Jason and then went to the room along with his company. Some time later John arrived and everyone went to dinner. \"So, what's this about going to detention, boy? \" He said looking directly at Jason who just ignored and kept eating. \"Jason Hargensen, I asked you a question and you better answer me right now. \" Kimberly kicked Jason's foot and gave him a look of the kind ' talk now before you get into more trouble '. He then sighed and began to speak in a bored voice. \"I was defending a friend. The professor was a jerk, he was mocking her. And there were four idiots that threw a soccer ball in her head and then laughed at her.\" \"Did you go to detention because you were defending a friend? I don't believe it.\" \"Believe it if you want. And I would do it again i if needed, and also I would do that if they did that to Chris. \" Chris was surprised by what he said. Her brother, the one that she offended and hit so many times, is willing to protect her. But then she thought he might be faking it, but still, a small part in her mind made her wonder if he meant it. \"Jason has a girlfriend. Jason has a girlfriend. \" Jason ignored Chris ' childish act and kept eating, but he couldn't hide his red cheeks. Chris and Kimberly noticed that and smiled, one for wickedness and the other one for happiness. Oh, so my little baby Jason is growing up, he's already dating. \" After Kimberly said that, Billy tried to hide the smile but couldn't. \"Little baby Jason? Pathetic as always.\" He whispered, but Jason listened and gritted his teeth. Suddenly, Billy's glass burst into his hand and the food on the plate went to his face, leaving his face all dirty. While Billy complained and the others were frightened by what happened, Jason smiled and opened the palm of his hand, which was hidden beneath the table. Carrie The closet door was opened, showing a girl holding her knees and crying. Margaret touched the girl's head, drawing her attention and showing her wounded face. \"Did you do your prayers, little girl?\" Carrie nodded with her head quickly, afraid of being punished for not being able to pray right, the pain was so much that she could not reason properly. She also saw that she lost control of her powers by seeing the mess of the room and hearing the screams of her mother. \"Let's have dinner.\" She said and left Carrie alone. Carrie got up and went to the kitchen. There they both prayed and dined. \"Mama, I'm going to stop seeing Jason.\" Margaret said nothing, just looked at Carrie and then keep eating. After she finished eating, Carrie went to the bathroom to take a shower and then she went to her bedroom. In her bedroom she looked in the mirror and almost cried when she saw the state of her face. Her right eye was purple and slightly swollen, her forehead had a purple stain and a part of the lower lip and cheek were had small cuts. She went to her bed and withdrew the books from her backpack and put it on the bed. She focused on the books making them fly. Deciding to see how much she could lift, she made the bed and the books fly, leaving her amazed by the power she has. \"Carrie?\" She heard Margaret call her name. She quickly put everything back in place, hid the books (with her power), turned out the lights and pretended to be asleep so Margaret wouldn't suspect anything happened. She felt her mother lie in her bed and hear her say she won't let anyone hurt her. She used her power to move the knife, which her mother brought, and made the knife fall to the ground. After a while, Carrie ended up sleeping. The next day Carrie walked down the hallway at the school, doing what she could to ignore all the laughs and jokes directed at her. Most of the jokes were about her appearance, specifically her face, which for them was very funny. She went into the room and waited for class to begin. She saw Jason come in and told him that they needed to talk. Jason agreed with her and told het that in the free period they would talk. He also asked about her face and she said she'd talk about it later. When the free period came they to an isolated part of the school and there they began the conversation. \"So...\" She interrupted him by giving him a slap on the face. Jason looked at her shocked and saw that she had tears in her eyes. \"Jason, you didn't tell me anything, why? Mom said she and her mom were friends and we were friends when we were kids, so why didn't you say anything if we were both friends? I had flashbacks from when I was a kid and you were in them. Mom also said you hurt me. I need to know, so please TELL ME WHY YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING TO ME! WE AREN'T FRIENDS?!\" He closed his eyes and sighed. \"Yes Carrie, we were both friends, our moms were friends and your mother let me be your friend. Your mother was my babysitter and she looked after both of us. We were friends for two years. When I was nine, I moved in with my mother. \" \"Then why didn't you say anything?\" \"Because I hurt you.\" \"What? But why did you do that? \" \"It wasn't intentional, it's just... Look, Carrie, you can't tell anyone about what I'm going to show you. I'm serious Carrie, do you understand? \" Carrie got confused and just nodded. He looked around to see if anyone was around them and took his cell phone out of his pocket and left it in the palm of his hand. \"Look.\" He closed his eyes and his cell phone started to levitate. Carrie was surprised, not believing that Jason also had powers like her. The cell phone went back to his hand and he put it back in his pocket. \"I have powers. I can move things with my mind if I concentrate enough. One day, when we were kids, I saw Margaret beating you. I couldn't stand to see you crying and screaming and I ended up using my power for the first time. I ended up losing control and one of the objects ended up hitting his head very hard. Margaret forbade me to see you and said she would do anything to make you forget me. When I came back and saw you, I was a little happy and a little sad that you hadn't recognized me. The reason I don't tell you anything is because I thought it best not to tell you anything and I didn't want to cause you any pain. \" He finished his explanation with a sad smile. \" I see. I need some time alone to think. \" \"Carrie, what happened to your face? Who hurt you? \" \"Later.\" She said that and turned her back on him, leaving him alone.[Chapter 5] Carrie Lunch period came and she went to her place that she always went. That place was always lonely, showed that she was alone and that she couldn't count on anyone. Well, no more, now she has Jason, but what was revealed to her left her without knowing what to do. She was not angry with him (well, not anymore) but she was a little sad. She knows that he had a good reason to hide the truth from her. After all, knowing that the guilt of his best friend (perhaps the only friend) being severely injured is all yous should not be easy, even more with powers out of control being the cause of it all. He had good intentions for all this, but it also doesn't mean it didn't hurt. She saw Jason sitting in the place next to what she sits on. He looked at her and gave her a sad smile, but she did not repay, making him look down. She sat down with her lunch, withdrew the books from the backpack and began to read while eating some of the lunch. She and Jason didn't exchange words, just looks. He took one of her books and asked if he could read it. She nodded and he started his reading. As they read their books, the people around began to look at them as if they were seeing the greatest enigma in the world. Carrie White, the religious freak of Ewen High, is the only friend of Jason Hargensen, and he's Chris Hargensen's brother, the same girl who hates Carrie more than anything. Everyone thought he'd be like Chris, but he'd rather be friends with the school outcast. For them, that's a great mystery. Some people saw her books and thought she was crazier than she already is, but she has her reasons for still keeping the books. And from what they're thinking now, she managed to make Jason crazy like her. She was still reading those books on telekinesis in order to learn more about her skills and what her abilities and limits were capable, but a thought came into her mind. \" Now that I think about it, Jason also has powers. Maybe when things between the two of us get better, I can ask for his help and maybe I can help him too. But is he still going to want to talk to me? Anyway, I'm going to keep the books. \" She thought. She looked discreetly at him and saw him reading the book, he was calm and as he read, he also ate some of his snack. When he noticed that she was looking at him, she quickly turned her head and went back to her reading. Another thought came to her mind. \" He said his powers began to manifest when he was 9 years old, so maybe he's more experienced in using his powers .\" She felt a hand in her pocket that quickly made her turn to him. \"What are you doing?\" She whispered to him. He smiled and said. \"Calm down, take it and see what I put in your pocket. But take care not to spoil.\" She did what he said, she put her hand and felt something in her pocket. It was small and seemed to be made of paper, which made it take care not to spoil. She decided to use a little of her telekinesis to protect the paper so as not to knead. Seeing his present, her cheeks were a little pink. It was a heart-shaped origami with a drawing of a girl in the center of it, which by the way was very beautiful. It was also written ' I'm sorry, Carrie ' in the back. \" Did you liked it?\" \" Y-y-yes. Uh, who is she?\" She asked pointing to the girl. \"It's you, Carrie.\" Her cheeks went from pink to red. \"M-me?\" He nodded. \"You know, it's the first time anyone's ever made a drawing of me without being offensive. Thank you so much.\" She smiled at him. She looked at the message from the drawing and understood what it meant. \"Jason, it's okay. I'm not mad at you, I just got a little sad. But it's all right, you had your reasons and I understand. \"she said. Tommy Tommy Ross walked down the main corridor of the school. On the way, students and a teacher greeted him. Tommy is the most popular kid in school and also the best athlete, which makes him admired by many. Another thing that makes him admired by his colleagues is that he never bullied anyone or thinks he's superior to others by his status. But now he's looking for Carrie, he had to ask one thing for her. Flashback He was in the field after finishing his game. His girlfriend Sue Snell was coming towards him. They kissed and went to another area of the field and there Sue asked for something he didn't expect. \"I want you to take Carrie White to the prom.\" He chuckled. \"That was a good one, Sue.\" Her expression was serious, indicating it wasn't a joke. \"Wait, are you serious? Take Carrie White to the prom? \" \" Yes, I just want to fix what I did. \" \"Okay, I got it, but this... Sue, this is crazy.\" \"Okay, I know it's crazy. But after we've done with her, I want to do something, something that compensate what I did. \" \"Uh... And what makes you think she's going to say yes? \" \"She'll say yes.\" \"We barely spoke.\" \"Tommy, you're one of the few who ever bullied her, she'll say yes. What girl doesn't want to go to the prom? What girl doesn't want to have a special night? I can give that up for her.\" \"I want you to have a special night. I don't want to go to the prom with Carrie White. Besides, she's probably going with Jason. \" \"I know, but at least try. Maybe he doesn't want to go.\" Flashback's end In the end, Sue managed to convince him to take Carrie to the dance. Maybe she's right, maybe Jason doesn't want to go to the dance. He went to the library, where they said she'd probably be, but she wasn't there. So he went to the canteen, where he spotted Carrie and Jason sitting together at a table. But what drew his attention is that Carrie was smiling and with her red cheeks, she also seemed to be holding something but he can't see what it was. By the smile on her face, it seems like a nice thing. Carrie She looked once more at the present that Jason made for her. \" It's very beautiful. \" She thought. \"Thank you, Jason. I will cherish it. \" She said smiling. All she has to do is hide her present from Margaret. Jason was blusing, he seemed to be taking the courage to ask her something. \"Carrie, I want to ask you...\" \"Hey Carrie\" She turned her head and saw Tommy Ross coming towards her. This also caught the attention of almost everyone in the canteen, after all, it is not every day that the most popular student of the school will talk to the school's outcast. \" What does he want? \" She wondered, well, everyone in that place was wondering. Carrie and Jason were already preparing for any kind of evil prank. He sat on the table and kept talking to her. \"I was looking for you in the library because they said that's where you'd be. But you weren't there, so I figured you'd be here.\" \"What does he want with me?\" She saw him taking one of her books, just like what Jason did yesterday. \"Telekinesis: Unlocking the Mind.\" She took the book out of his hands. \"Is this like, uh, hypnosis?\" Carrie heard Jason choke. Worried about his well-being, she turned to him and saw him looking at Tommy with a ' You're serious? ' look. If she wasn't nervous right now, she would have found Jason's reaction funny. But she had to agree with Jason, how could he confuse hypnosis with telekinesis? That's beyond her. He said something about him and some friends hypnotizing a dog, expecting some laugh from her but had none. Seeing that she wasn't going to laugh, he got serious and sat in front of hers. \"So... How are you doing? \" He asked with education and also because he didn't know how to start a conversation with her. \"I'm OK.\" She responded timidly, yet, politely. \"Good. So, you know about the prom that's going to be next week? I wanted to ask you if you don't have someone to go with. So, you want to go with me? \" Carrie froze, and her eyes widened. She saw Jason look at him with a lot of suspicion. That's really weird. \"What?\" She asked, not believing what she heard. \"The prom. Next week. \" She looked around and saw that many people were looking at her, snickering and pointing at her. Afraid of being another joke, she took her things and left with quick steps. Tommy was calling her, but she ignored him. He gently holds her arm, making her look at him. \"Please, just stop trying to trick me.\" \"No, I'm not trying to trick you.\" He tried to convince her that it's not a bad joke. \"Aren't you going with Sue Snell?\" She asked. \"Yes, but she doesn't want to go.\" He was going to hand her coat over to her, but she took it out of his hands quickly and turned her back on him and left him alone. As she passed through some people, tears came out of her eyes. She went into the girls changeroom, where she'd have privacy. There, she sat on a bench and started crying while holding her knees. While she was crying and thinking about this dance story, she didn't notice someone coming near her. \" Why? Why can't they just leave me alone? I know what they want to do! They want to fool me one more time. I really thought Tommy was different from them, but he and his girlfriend just want to fool me. \"Another thought came into her mind. \" Would... Would Jason take me to the prom? He's my only friend. When I'm around him, I feel so... safe. \" \"Carrie, what happened?\" She turned her head and saw Professor Desjardin coming to her. The teacher's eyes widened. \"Who did this to your face?\" She asked with her hands in her mouth. \"I fell.\" She lied. The teacher didn't believe it and put Carrie's shoulder hand. Compared to yesterday, her face was better, but she still had some minor bruises. \"Did any of those girls hurt you?\" Carrie did shook her head. \"Did Jason hurt you?\" Again, Carrie shook her head. \"No.\" Seeing as she wasn't going to talk, Desjardin left that aside, but she made a mental note to talk to her later. \"So what happened?\" \"I was invited to go to the prom.\" \"Really, who invited you?\" \"Tommy Ross.\" \"Wow, Tommy Ross. He's a charm, isn't he? \" \"But I know who he's going with. They just want to trick me, right? \" \"Maybe he's serious.\" She said. \"No, why would he go with me?\" Years of abuse and being despised has made Carrie to be someone with very little self-confidence and self-esteem. The teacher took Carrie's hand and took her towards the mirror. \"You know what I see? I see a beautiful girl. Use some makeup, put some blush on your cheeks, fix your hair and that's it. You're going to be gorgeous. And remember to give a beautiful smile.\" Carrie looked at her reflection and smiled, what the teacher said raised her confidence. It's nice to know there are people who care about her. \"Miss Desjardin?\" \"Yes?\" \"If I could choose with which I would go to the dance, I...\" \"You mean choose Jason or Tommy, right?\" She asked grinning. \"How do you...\" \"It's obvious, Carrie. When you were going to ask that question, I knew you were referring between Jason and Tommy. But tell me, what do you think of Jason? \" \"Jason... he's a nice guy. Even though he's Chris ' brother, he's different from her and the others. In that short time he was here, he treated me very well and defended me from some people, including his own sister. He even made a gift for me. \" \"Really? Let me see? \" Carrie showed her the gift. \"Wow, it's very beautiful.\" \"I also found out that Jason is my only childhood friend.\" \"Then why didn't he say anything to you?\" Carrie explained to her why Jason didn't tell him anything about him accidentally hurting her and that he had to move in with his mother. However, she lied or hid certain parts. \"I see. In the end, he was just hiding the truth from you because he was thinking of your own good, even if means hurting both of you.\" Carrie didn't say anything, but she just nodded and went back to her thoughts. After a period of silence, Carrie decided to talk. \"I... I've decided I'm going to the prom. I... I'm going to the prom with Jason. \"She spoke with confidence. This conversation she had with Miss Desjardin really helped raise her self-confidence. Desjardin smiled and put his hand on her shoulder. \"Believe me, you're going to be so beautiful that Jason doesn't take his eyes off you.\" After saying this, Carrie turned red as a tomato and miss Desjardin smiled and went away. Now she has going to talk to certain people. Desjardin Rita, Sue and Tommy were in a room alone talking about a particular person, Carrie White. Rita wanted to know what their motives were for Tommy wanting to take Carrie to the prom. \"Sue, you and Chris are best friends. If you three are thinking of making another bad joke on that poor defenseless girl... \"Sue interrupted her and said. \"This has nothing to do with a Chris, or with you, Miss Desjardin.\" She defended herself. \"and to me...\" This time, it was Tommy who interrupted. \"Teacher, with all due respect, but this is between Sue and me. It's kind of like a private thing . \"he said \"Besides, what's the problem? It's just for one night. Famous athletes like Tim Tebow, take girls to parties all the time and everyone loves them. \" Rita resisted the urge to slap her forehead. \"Really? You're not even a famous athlete. You have no idea how much that means to her. \" She's right, something like the prom would mean a lot to Carrie. \"Listen, it doesn't matter anymore. She said she doesn't want to go. \" Then try again. \" Sue said. \"No.\" Rita protested. \"Ok.\" Tommy said, not knowing who he's supposed to agree with. \"It's not OK.\" Sue protested. Rita then decided to ' reason ' with him. \"Tommy, when you show up at the prom with Carrie White on your arm , don't you think you're going to look a tiniest bit ridiculous?\" She didn't like to use those words. Unlike the other teachers, she doesn't hate Carrie and she doesn't think she's weird. To her, Carrie is just lonely and misunderstood girl. Sue still tried to convince her. \"We don't care about that, do we?\" She asked Tommy, who responded with a ' no ', showing that he didn't care if it sounded ridiculous. Seeing that they weren't going to give up so easily, Desjardin released them to leave when the bell rang. When they opened the door, they saw Jason. Jason Jason was looking for Tommy, he wanted to know what his intentions were to take Carrie, his best friend and only childhood friend, to the prom, even if he already has a girlfriend and he was going to take her to the prom. \" That's make no sense. Why would the most popular guy want to go to the dance with Carrie? Ahh... He interrupted me just when I was going to ask her if she wanted to go to the prom with me. \" He thought a little angry. When he came near a room, he heard Tommy's voice. Seeing that Tommy was in the room with two other people, Sue Snell and Miss Desjardin, he decided to listen to their conversation. \" So it was Sue's request. She's a friend of Chris's, maybe they're trying to humiliate Carrie again. Man, this is starting to get annoying. Seriously, what they have against Carrie? \" The bell rang and he heard Sue tell Tommy to go out with her for class. The door opened and they saw Jason standing there. \"Miss Desjardin, can I talk to them before I go to your class? I promise I won't be to long. \" He asked looking at Sue and Tommy, who seemed a little nervous. Well, there's no way you can't blame them for being nervous. Jason's been in this school a short time, and he's already got a reputation as 'Carrie White's protector'. After what happened to the four boys yesterday, some people decided to stop bullying Carrie. \"Okay. Just try to get there in time. \"She said grinning. She went out and closed the door, leaving them alone. When the door closed, Jason got serious and looked into Tommy's eyes. \"So, Tommy... You want to go with a Carrie at the prom, why? \" He inquired with his arms folded, quietly tapping his left foot on the ground. \"Uhh... Sue wants me to invite Carrie, as a form of apology.\" He said. \"TOMMY!\" She punches him in the arm. \"Ow... I get it. I'm sorry, but it's the truth. Sue's feeling guilty about what she did to Carrie and she thought that's the best way to apologize. \"He said holding his arm. Jason didn't seem to believe it, especially in this apologizing way. \"Ridiculous.\" \"What?\" They both asked him, not understanding what he meant. He sighed, then he took a chair and sat on it. \"That way of apologizing, it's ridiculous. And even if I believe that... \" \"I'm not lying!\" Sue protested. \"I messed with Carrie and I really feel guilty about what I did to her. It's just that I didn't know what the best way to apologize was, so I thought if Tommy took her to the prom... I thought this could be a start for things to get better between the two of us. I started to feel bad about what I had with her after I saw her face in that bathroom. Please believe me, I'm not friends with Chris anymore. I'm not trying to do anything against Carrie, I swear. \" \"She seems to be telling the truth. Perhaps I should give her the benefit of the doubt. \" \"Do you really want to apologize to Carrie?\" He questioned her. \"Yes.\" She said. \"Well, I'll tell you a good way for you to apologize to her. Try to know her better, talk to her. You'll see she's a good person to have as a friend, she's not a freak or a weirdo as they say. She's just a shy, gentle and misunderstood girl. Try to understand the problems she spends in her life. Believe me, you will enjoy being her friend.\" Sue and Tommy stopped to think about what he said. After a while thinking, Sue decides what she's going to do. \"I think you're right. This seems like a great way to apologize to her. \" She said smiling. \" Sue, Tommy, I'm trusting you. Please don't hurt her, she's been through a lot of shit. So don't hurt her, or else... \" He gave them a cruel smile, indicating that they better not screw up, or it would have consequences. They understood the message and soon they quickly nodded. \"Great, so I'm sure we'll be great friends.\" He clapped his hands and smiled cheerfully, leaving the couple wondering how he could change his personality so easily. After a quiet time, Jason seemed nervous and had pink cheeks, which did not pass unnoticed by the couple. \"Sue, where do I get the prom tickets?\" He asked rubbing the back of his neck and looking at the floor. \"In the room of the decorating committee. I think there must still be some left, why?\" I want to take Carrie. He murmured. \"Uh, Jason, are you going to take Carrie to the dance?\" He asked, even though he knew what the answer would be. \"Actually, I was going to ask, but you ended up interrupting.\" He said scratching the back of his neck and blushing. Sue and Tommy grinned when they saw that, they both noticed that Jason has a crush on Carrie. \" Bem, vai fundo. Pede pra ir com ela.\" Tommy disse com um sorrindo. \"Well, go on, buddy. Ask her to go with her. \" Tommy said with a smile. \"Yes, after all, you like her, right?\" Sue teased him, emphasizing the 'like' word. She realized that he froze, and an evil smile formed on her lips. \"Of course I like her, I'm her best friend.\" He crossed his arms, trying to ignore his red cheeks. \"You understood what I meant by ' liking her '. I noticed you're pretty red around her. You also change your personality by being around her, you two are always smiling at each other when you're together. AHH, I also heard a certain rumor that you two went to an isolated part of the school. Looks like someone's in love.\" She sang the last part smiling, clearly enjoying this moment. She saw his expression and almost fell into laughter. His eyes widened, his cheeks get even more redder than a tomato and he seemed to be biting his lip. \"S-shut y-y-your m-mouth.\" With that he left in a hurry, going to physical education class. Tommy and Sue looked at each other and started laughing. \"They make a cute couple, right?\" Sue asked Tommy. \"Yes, but it's going to be good for Carrie. You know, she has someone who loves and comforts her. \" He said. \"Yes, you're right. After all she's been through, I think she deserves it. \" Little did they know, that Jason was listening to their conversation, with a little smile on his face. \"A cute couple? Yeah, maybe they're right. Well, I know what I'm going to do. \" Carrie Carrie was out of school, waiting for Jason. During the math period, Jason had passed a note to her. The note told her to find him after the lessons were over. While she waited nervously for his arrival, she was taking the courage to ask him for something. \"Is he going to accept it?\" That question was repeated in her head. She was totally distracted, to the point of she failing to notice the two hands that covered her eyes. \"Guess who it is?\" He said that voice that calms her down. Her cheeks were red. She took a big breath and replied. \"J-J-Jason?\" She stuttered. \"Ding-ding, we got a winner.\" She turned and smiled at him, pink was present in her cheeks. \"H-hello... J-Jason. \" She said in a shy way, looking a little to the ground and a little to him. Jason answered her with a cheerful hi. \"Uh, did you... want to talk to me?\" She asked softly. \"Yes, uh, you... your mother... will she come and get you?\" She shook her head slowly, signalling ' no '. \"Is that all?\" She asked. He shook his head. Carrie noticed that he seemed to be taking the courage to ask her for something. \"Can I walk with you to your house? You know, we can talk on the way.\" Carrie thought for a minute. \"My mom's going to be late today, so yes.\" She responded with her low voice. He smiled and kept walking, ignoring the looks that others gave them. During the walk, they were silent. At a certain point, they stopped on the sidewalk and decided to talk. They were both blushing, they were nervous and seemed to take courage to speak. \"CARRIE/J-JASON, DOYOUWANTTOGOTOTHEPROMWITHME? They both screamed at each other, then turned red with embarrassment. While Carrie looked like she was going to shrink from embarrassment. Jason looked at all sides to see if anyone had heard. Luckily, there was no one, which spared them much more embarrassment. Jason starts laughing nervously. They didn't understand what they asked each other. \"Sorry. You can ask first. \" For some strange reason, Carrie felt as if everything had frozen around them. She closed her eyes and asked her question again. \"Ah... o-o-okay. J-J-Jason, y-y-you w-want to go to the prom with me?! \" She asked. She was shaking and she had a cute expression on her face. Her heart was beating too fast. He never imagined these words coming out of her mouth. Jason was silent, a little shocked by what he just saw, he didn't expect that from Carrie. A smile forms on his lips and he responds with one. \"Yes.\" \"A-and I-I-I-I w-want to apologize for hitting you.\" She felt his arms around her body, wrapping her in a hug. \"It's okay, Carrie, I forgive you, you're my best friend after all. And to tell you the truth, I kind of deserved it after all. \" He said smiling at her. She looked at his face and turned red, completely lost in his embrace. He released her and said. \"Well, I was also going to ask if you would want to prom with me, but it's already decided.\" He gave a nervous laugh and went on. \" But I also want to ask you something else. \" He was blushing. \"W-w-what? \" She asked tilting her head to side, while rubbing her right arm. \"Carrie, will you go out with me?\"[Chapter 6] Carrie Time seemed to stop after he asked that question to her. The poor girl didn't know what to answer, much less what to think. Carrie stood there, listening to that phrase echoing in her mind as if it had been shouted from the top of a mountain. After a while, she came back to reality. Her heart beating at high speed and her face was totally red, like a tomato. \"W-w-w-what d-d-d-did you say?\" She asked him, wanting to know if she'd listened properly or was imagining things. \"Carrie, do you want to go out with me?\" didn't imagine anything, she really listened straight, he really called her out. Something she never imagined would happen. \"Like a d-date? \" She whispered the last part. She didn't think he heard it, but he listened. \"It doesn't have to be a date. It could just be two friends hanging out and having fun, you know? But if you want, then it can be. \" He whispered the last part, but she heard it and got redder. Carrie went into an internal argument about accepting it or not. \" What do I say? I'm already risking enough keeping a friendship with him, going out with him will be like playing with fire. If mom finds out... I'm afraid of what might happen. But... maybe she won't find out. If we're careful enough, we can keep our friendship and maybe go out more often. I like to spend my time with him, he makes me feel so... special. \" She looked at him, who was waiting for her answer. \" Maybe it's not a bad idea to spend some time with him. It's much better than being alone in that house.\" \"It's okay if you don't want to, I'll understand.\" He said it. The young telekinetic was taking a while to respond, making him a little nervous. \"No, I'm just thinking. It's just... no one ever asked to go out with me so.. uh... I don't know how to answer. I want to go out with you... but... \" She was looking for the right word to describe her fear. \"You're afraid your mother will find out and you're afraid of what she'll do to you.\" He spoke for her. Her eyes widened, she was shocked by what he said. \"How do you know?\" She questioned him, he sighed and crossed his arms. \"I'm not an idiot, Carrie. Remember I told you I saw your mother beating you when we were kids? I figured she'd still beat you. And my suspicions were confirmed yesterday, when I saw the fear in your face when she arrived. Not to mention you came to school with your face bruised. So, yeah, I know. \" He put his hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes, while smiling kindly. \"Carrie, you can talk to me about this. I'm your friend, I will help you, I promise . \" Carrie thought for a minute about what he said and agreed to talk with him, after all, he's her friend and maybe he can help. They went to a small park where they sat on a bench. The park was empty, which was good, less attention to them. It's going to be hard for her to say that to him, imagine with several people around. After a while mentally preparing, the telekinetic told him everything she has to endure in her life. About all the abuses she suffers from her mother, about all the bullying she suffers day by day during all these years and about the closet, the place she fears the most. As she spoke, tears ran into her face. After finishing her outburst, Jason hugs her while she cried on her chest, watering the boy's T-shirt. She held him as if her life depended on it, while he pet her head and whispered comforting words in her ears. The wind brought a calm and pleasant breeze, making her long strawberry blond hair fly. Unconsciously, Carrie laid her head on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. \"It is calm and relaxing. I feel oddly sleepy. \" She thought. The sound of his heartbeat was relaxing her, her hearing focused only on that sound. The sound was so calm that she began to feel sleepy. A smile formed on the lips of that girl, who was finding it all very peaceful. In the end, Carrie ended up falling asleep but was awakened by Jason, who gently shook her. She opened her eyes and looked at him, who smiled. \"Wake up, Sleeping Beauty.\" He squeezed her cheek gently. Carrie yawled in a cute way while stretching. She looked at Jason and asked him what happened. \"You slept for about 30 minutes, but I woke you up.\" \"Oh okay. Wait, why didn't you wake me up before? \" She asked, while her cheeks were pink. He laughed a bit, leaving her a little confused. \"Well, I figured you were still crying, or that you were just lying down, but I heard little snoring that were cute, and when I saw you, you were asleep, so I decided to let you get some sleep.\" He poked her nose, leaving her a little red. She turned her face, hiding her red cheeks from him. She turned to him and then looked at the ground. \"Uh... ahh... can we continue our walk?\" She asked softly, as she played with her blond hair and looked around, seeing if there was no one around. \"Sure, shall we?\" They rose and continued to walk. Upon arriving in front of his house, Carrie stopped to think once more. After seriously thinking, she finally makes her decision. \"Jason, I accept go on a date with you.\" She smiled at him, and he smiled back. \"Great, could it be tomorrow after school?\" Carrie thought about it. \"I think so.\" \"Then it is decided.\" He gave her a smile, showing his white teeth. After a while, Carrie said goodbye to him and came into her house. She looked at the window and saw him walk to another direction, probably to his home. \"I hope nothing goes wrong.\" Jason He walked down the street completely excited, humming, ignoring the funny looks that people gave him, he was very happy to care what others thought. He stopped at a convenience store, bought some things, like snacks and a soda can and went to the park that was nearby. There he sat on a bench and began to read a book, while eating cookies and felt the breeze of the wind on his face. After reading a good part of his book, he went home, after all the sun was already setting. The night had come, as he walked down a deserted street, he heard police sirens coming from behind him. He looked back and saw a police car chasing a car, and came at a high speed. His eyes widened, for a moment, he froze. For a moment, flashes of his life passed through his eyes. Then a single word came into his head, making him act quickly, while time seemed to slow down. \"NO!\" He shouted in his mind, and used his willpower to move from there. He didn't accept that, he doesn't want to die today, not now, not after spending that time with Carrie. On a push, Jason jumped to the side, but the problem is he was a little high. He saw that the vehicle kept chasing the car. For a moment, he thought he was dead and that he was a soul. He looked down at the ground and saw that he was levitating but lost control and fell to the ground. \"Sweet!\" He exclaimed, totally surprised at what he ended up doing. He never levited. An idea arose in his head, making him smile like a child who just received a box full of sweets. He rose from the ground and prepared himself for his daring idea. \"My house is only a few blocks away. This is going to be good.\" He held his backpack firmly, he concentrated enough and forced himself against the ground, using his telekinesis to levitate for a certain time and fall again. The result was equal to large jumps. He landed among the ceilings of the houses or isolated areas, preventing people from seeing him, also taking care not to end up break any roof. After a while, he spotted his house. He came to the ground, feeling tired. \"All this must have consumed a lot of energy. I think I'm going to go take a shower and go to bed.\" He thought, as he opened the house door. When he opened up, he saw his mother, she looked serious. She hit him in the head. While he complained of the punch, Kimberly crossed her arms and sighed, as she shook her head. \"Jason... you know you shouldn't use your powers in public, especially in that irresponsible way. You could have been seen or ended up hurting yourself. \" She spoke strictly, still with a motherly tone of concern. Yes,Kimberly knows about him having powers, her mother had it too, and she thought it was amazing when she was a kid. She was also happy that he possessed those abilities, showed how special his baby was, even if he already is. But she was also afraid of what could happen to him. She was afraid he'd get hurt, that he'd end up hurting someone. But what she feared was what would happen to him if they discovered his abilities. Once she had a nightmare that haunted her for a long time. Jason was being tortured, and he was a guinea pig, and she saw everything from his point of view, and also feeling his pain. Sometimes it was her that hurt him. Since then, she's always asked him to be careful with his abilities, not wanting that nightmare to become real. \"Ow, sorry, mom. It's just that I discovered this new ability... and I kind of got carried away. I was...\" \"Yes, I saw what you did. Jason, what were you thinking? Do you know how much that worries me?\" She put her hands on her hips as she stared at him with disapproval. He scratched the back of his neck while he looked down. \"I'm sorry, mom. Like I said, I just got excited. But I'm glad I learned that skill, it literally saved my life today. \" Her eyes widened. She grabbed his shoulders hard, while she looked at him with concern. \"What do you mean' saved your life'?\" What happened? Did you get hurt? \"She asked him. Jason explained to her what had happened. When he finished explaining, Kimberly muttered something about \"hunting people who threaten my babies\". He warned her that he would go to sleep, because it cost a lot of energy. However, Jason made a mistake: He warned his mother about the date he's going to have with Carrie, who made her smile like a maniac and drag him into the room, asking for details. Carrie The day has come, the day Carrie go on a date with Jason. She was very nervous, she came to the point of praying that everything works out. She was waiting for him in front of the school, after all the classes were over. While waiting, she watched some couples from Ewen High. Questions popping in her mind. \"I wonder if me and Jason could be like that. I wonder if we could... date? Wait, where are these thoughts coming from? \"She shook her head, taking those thoughts from her head. Your cheeks were pink. \"Seems that I am spending too much time with Jason.\" She spoke softly, without noticing who was after her. \"Wow, Carrie. Are you talking bad about me? I'm hurt, I didn't expect it coming from you \"Carrie jumped. She turned her back and saw Jason smiling at her. He also was acting dramatic, putting his right hand on his chest and the back of his left on her forehead, pretending he was going to fall on the ground. \"J-Jason... I... ah... I...\" She started playing with her hair, while biting her lower lip. Jason started laughing, making her embarrassed. \"Relax, Carrie. I'm just messing with you. So, are you ready?\" \"Ready to go?\" She asked softly, looking down at the ground and a little to him. \"For the date, you know.\" \"Ah... er... yes.\" \"Okay, shall we?\" He offered his hand to her, who reluctantly accepted. Along the way, some people looked at them as if they were seeing something impossible, the two telekinetic ignored everything, not wanting to disrupt this great moment. They went to a cafeteria where they ordered sandwiches and cappuccino. The attendant delivered the order to their table, Jason started taking his coffee. He saw that Carrie was quiet, she didn't know if she should prove it. Her mother's exaggerated beliefs began to take control of her mind, she could hear her voice in her head. In the end, she took courage and took a sip, it was delicious. Carrie was surprised at herself, she was going against those beliefs that her mother instilled on her mind. She noticed something. Ever since Jason came back into her life, she's slowly changing, doing things she never imagined to do. She never imagined she'd sneak out with a boy, she never imagined going against her mother's forced beliefs, and she certainly never imagined inviting a boy to the prom. Her mother always said boys were bad, always corrupting girls, and here she is, on a date with a boy. She decided to focus only on the date she's having now. \"Jason... This is my first date. So I apologize if I end up screwing up. \" He laughed and looked at her. \"This is also my first date, so I also say the same.\" She smiled at him. \"Did you know I'm not very social? Actually, I don't have many friends. \"He said smiling \" What? But you don't look like the kind of person who wouldn't have many friends. You're an amazing person, so I thought you had a lot of friends. \" He laughed and covered his eyes with his hand. \"Thanks for the compliment. But it's true, I don't have many friends, I prefer books than people.\" \"Why is that? \" That made her curious. She always wanted to have friends, and her best friend prefers books than people. \"For a long time I suffered bullying and I had no friends but you. When I left, I found comfort in one thing: literature. I went to another school, but I preferred to be reading alone, which ended up generating more bullying. Some people wanted to make friends with me, but I refused, preferring to keep my books, due to the fact that I don't trust people. But I had some friends. I saw that friendship is also important, and I accepted some people, but it had already passed a few years of loneliness. \" He looked at the cup of coffee, and took a sip of it. \"Oh okay.\" Carrie noticed some similarities and differences that they had. Both were bullied, left alone for a long time, didn't trust people and found comfort in the literature. But what differentiates them is that he refused friend requests, chose to be that way and had some friends. These are the differences between them, Carrie had no choices in life. \"JASON! How are you? \"The two telekinetic saw a redhead girl came at their table, smiling at Jason. \"Olivia, good to see you. I'm fine, how are you?\" \" I'm super fine, thank you.\" She sang. Jason hugged her, and she hugged him back. She sat next to him and started a conversation with him. For some reason, Carrie started to fell a little... jealous. \"Sorry about the other day, like I said, I was in a hurry, so I couldn't talk to you.\" She smiled, clasping her fingers. Jason smiled at her. \"It's all right, I'd probably do the same thing.\" \"So, Jason, who is this? \" Olivia asked with a smile on her face. \"Oh, of course. Olivia, this is Carrie White. Carrie, this is Olivia Cooper. Carrie's my childhood friend. Olivia was one of the few friendships I had that I had at school that I was \" \"Nice to meet you, Carrie.\" She stretched her hand to her, which Carrie accepted. \"Nice to meet you.\" Carrie said softly. Olivia squeezed Carrie's cheeks. \"Aww, she's so cute. Wait a minute. Jason, is she your 'destined one'?\" She was with an evil smile on her face. Jason turned red and froze. \"Destined one?\" Carrie asked, failing to notice the look Jason was sending to Olivia, as if he begged her not to open her mouth. Olivia grinned and loosened Carrie's cheeks. \"Let me tell you a story.\" \"Olivia, please don't.\" Olivia obviously ignored him, she was enjoying that moment. \"For a long time, this boy, Jason Hargensen, has received several requests for dating from several girls, but he has refused all of them. One day I asked him why he refused, you know what he said to me? \" She asked with a evil grin. Carrie shook her head. \"He said ' I already have a destined one, she is my childhood friend. When I find her, we... \" Jason covered her mouth, he had a red face. He didn't like her trying to imitate his voice either. \"S-s-shut up. I was 14 years old, I was a stupid kid back then. I spoke a lot of nonsense. \" He took his hand out of her mouth. \"Okay, if you're saying. Anyway, I'm going, I have to go to work. Bye, Jason, bye, Carrie. I'll see you guys some other time. She waved at them and left. \"I'm sorry about her. She is always cheerful, and also likes to tease me when it comes to girls. \" He laughed a little. \"It's all right. She's funny.\" \"Yes, and you can trust her, Carrie. She's a good person, she's helped me a lot, I'm sure she'll do the same for you. \" He assured her. \"Ok.\" After finishing their coffee, the two decided to walk around the city, while conversing about random things. When they passed in front of a store, Carrie decided to buy fabrics for her dress. Jason offered to pay, but she resolved to pay with her own money. They didn't notice they were spotted by a certain group of girls. Chris Chris and her friends were walking around town. While the others talked, Chris thought about the recent problems she has. For her, it's all Carrie's fault. If it wasn't for that freak, she could go to the prom and her friendship with Sue wouldn't have ended. \"Hey, Chris, is that Carrie hanging out with your brother?\" Tina asked, pointing at a boy and a girl. She was right, indeed they were. \"It is.\" She said with disgust. \"I told that piece of shit to stay away from him, but it looks like that bitch doesn't listen.\" Another thing she doesn't understand is her brother. He prefers to be next to that freak than to be popular. Before, he could not be popular, but now he does. But it seems that it does not change, it was also strange when they were children, preferring foolish things than to have a normal life. \"Do you want to scare them?\" Lizzie asked. Chris thought for a moment. Carrie could be scared, but Jason's there to protect her. Old Jason would be scared, but he changed. He's no longer that weak boy he was, he came back different. She'll never admit it, but sometimes, this new Jason scares her. But she knows that he would never beat girls, that's not part of the personality. In the end, she chose to leave them alone, for now. She'd still have her revenge. Carrie After they left the fabric store, they went to a bookstore, where Jason gave a book of poems to Carrie. After that, they went to the park, and they read some of the book together. After 15 minutes of reading, Carrie remembered something important. \"Jason, I need your help with something.\" \"Sure, remember what I said? I am your friend and I will help you as best I can. \" Okay. Remember you showed me your powers? \"He nodded. Carrie looked sideways to see if anyone was around. Seeing that the only people were away from them, she decided to show her power to Jason. \"I also have this power. I need your help, I still don't have full control. When my mother was beating me, I ended up losing control and I made some objects fly. If she finds out, I'm afraid of what might happen to me. You're the only person who can help me with this, so... can you help me with that? \" Jason thought for a moment, after a minute of silence, he gives his answer. \"Well, I always wanted to have an apprentice.\" He said smiling. \"You mean that?\" \"Yes, I'll help you.\" Carrie hugs him. \"Thank you, Jason.\" The night came, and it made her eyes widen. \"Oh No. Mama probably getting home by now. \" They got up quickly, took their stuff and got ready to run. Carrie was very nervous, afraid of what might happen. \"My God, my God, my God. If she finds out. \" Jason put his hand on her shoulder, and she calmed down a little. \"Easy, Carrie. I can get you in time. \" \"How?\" Suddenly, Jason picked up Carrie's bridal style and she blushed. She looked at him, his expression was serious. He looked around and then turned his attention to her. \"Hold on to me and don't let go.\" She did what he said, she put her arms around his neck, holding firm. He crouched and gave a gigantic jump. Carrie took it long enough to notice that they were in the air, and when she noticed, they went back down. Carrie gave a little scream, she was frightened by it, she looked at him with despair on her face. \"Did you like it?\" He smiled at her. \"WHAT IS THIS?!\" She screamed and closed her eyes, they were in the air again. That was scaring her too much. She was holding him very hard. \"A new skill I learned. If I jump and use telekinesis, I can stay in the air for a while, and when I go down, I use it again to protect myself from the fall, then I just repeat the process. Will you want to learn? \" \"NO!\" After a few minutes of jumping, they finally stop near her house. Carrie decided to go alone, but Jason told him he'd be around in case something bad happens. When Carrie arrived in front of the house, Margaret was there, and she was furious. A/n: Hey guys, I hope you guys are enjoying the story. See you next time.[Chapter 7] Carrie Carrie froze, the fear quickly taking control of her, her heart rate accelerating. Everything was perfect, the day was perfect, keyword, was. Her perfect day was about to end. Her mother, Margaret, was already home, and that was obviously not good. \"Mom. I can explain.\" She spoke nervously. Carrie didn't notice that she was holding the handle of her purse too hard, enough to suffocate a person. Carrie is submissive to her mother, she was always afraid of her and what she could do. Carrie looked back discreetly, to see if Jason was there. He was not, which was good, but was also very bad. However, she remembered his words: \" Don't worry, it'll be all right, I'll be hiding out here in case something happens .\" It calmed her down until she felt something holding her arm too hard, hurting her. Margaret was pulling her into the house, where the nightmare would begin. \"Where were you? You know your routine, school and home. You are not allowed to wander around in this city of sinful souls.\" She spat. After entering the house, knocking at the door very forcefully and locking it, Margaret threw Carrie on the floor. \"Answer, insolent girl. Where have you been?\" Silence. Margaret kicked Carrie's belly hard, making her scream in pain. \"Where. Were. You?\" The teenager gathered all her forces to get up, it hurt too much. After being able to stand, she breathed deep, taking the courage to speak. A good lie came into her mind. She never lied, but she was really scared, so she'd have to lie. Carrie looked into the woman's eyes. \"I was in the center, Mom. I wanted to buy a book, so I went to a bookstore. After that, I was coming home, but I went through a beautiful park, and remembered something that you said to me when I was a child: \"We must always enjoy the beautiful nature, for it was created by our Creator.\" I decided to enjoy it, since it was a beautiful day. In the park, I started reading the book, but I ended up losing track of time.\" She spoke with a nervous smile on her face. Carrie was surprised, she was lying, and to her mother of all people, and it was a very convincing lie, that could deceive anyone. Unfortunately, Margaret is not anyone, the cold-hearted woman knows how to recognize a lie. \"Lying whore, I know what you were doing, you were sneaking off with a boy. I already told you what the boys are. They are just liars and perverse, doing everything they can to put that evil thing of theirs inside innocent girls. When they put that in a girl, they cause cancer in them, you were a cancer. I knew I should have killed you.\" Carrie started crying, she put her hands in her ears not to hear those words, but they kept repeating it several times. Those were the most cruel words Margaret ever spoke of. Carrie felt sadness and rage. For the first time in my life, Carrie was furious at her mother. That was the last straw, Carrie got tired of that treatment. \"How can you say that? HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT TO ME, YOUR OWN DAUGHTER ?! DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEIA HOW MUCH THIS HURT ME? \" Carrie screamed with rage, tears coming out of her eyes. Margaret slapped the girl's face, leaving a great mark. Margaret looked at Carrie angrily and shouted back. \"DON'T USE THAT TONE WITH ME, YOU UNGRATEFUL WHORE! I KNOW YOU'RE GOING OUT WITH THAT BOY, I TOLD YOU TO STAY AWAY FROM HIM! GO TO YOUR CLOSET! \" Margaret took Carrie's gift from her pocket, and tore it in front of her. Her anger was increasing. All around them began to tremble, her power began to take over her. \"NO, NEVER AGAIN! YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT HIM, HE'S NOT LIKE THE OTHERS! HE'S NOT WHAT YOU SAY! YOU'RE WRONG, YOU'RE ALWAYS WRONG! HE HELPED ME TOO MUCH,HE MAKES ME HAPPY. YOU HAVE NO IDEIA WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE TREATED LIKE TRASH OR FEEL LONELY! HE'S THE ONLY ONE WHO CARES ABOUT ME!\" The objects started flying, a vase hit a window, breaking it. Margaret was shocked, she gave a scream of horror and threw herself on the ground on her knees. She lifted her face and looked at Carrie. \"Mama, please get up.\" Margaret didn't do anything. Carrie lifted her arm, pointed at Margaret. Carrie used her telekinesis on her mother, making her levitate in the air. Margaret looked at Carrie, horrified. Her expression of horror became an expression of hatred. Because of the glare, Carrie ended up dropping her. Margaret lifted up and took her Bible, holding it very tightly. She pointed her finger at Carrie. \"Witch, daughter of Satan! I warned you to stay away from him, but you didn't want to hear me. Now look at you, his evil power has corrupted you. \" Carrie began to cry, hurt by the words of her mother. She looked at the window, Jason was there. He made a sign to her, as if he should come in to help her, but Carrie did not. \"I am not a witch, nor a daughter of Satan. There are other people like me and Jason, people with powers. If we concentrate enough, we can move things with our minds. It's nothing evil, I swear. \" Margaret walked up to the door of the house, she opened it and looked at Carrie, while pointing to the outside. \"Get out.\" Margaret spoke with her cold and emotionless voice. \"Mama, what are you saying?\" She asked. Her voice was weak, a part of her already knew the answer, although she was hoping it wasn't what she was thinking. \"GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE! I will not allow this evil power in my house, go live with your friend.\" Carrie kneeled down before her mother, begging her not to get kicked out of the house. Tears come out of her eyes as she begged. She felt Margaret touching her hair, giving her hopes to the girl. But those hopes died when Margaret started dragging her out, and tosses her down the street. \"Never come back here, witch.\" She spat with disgust and hatred. With that, Margaret locked the door, leaving the poor girl on the street. Jason He was listening to everything, that argument was getting out of hand. Carrie's screams stopped, but some objects began to fly, one of them crossing the window. Another discussion had begun, this time about their powers. Jason was angry at Margaret's words, not about those that were directed at him, but on those who were directed to Carrie. Jason looked out the broken window, he saw Carrie crying, obviously hurt by the words of her mother. It made his blood boil, he could feel his hatred for Margaret increasing. He made a sign for her, asking if he should help, but she replied back that she didn't. He understood what she wanted to do: she not only wanted to keep the situation under control, but also wanted to learn to defend herself. But of no avail, in the end, Carrie ended up getting kicked out of the house. Jason began to feel guilty, for him, it wouldn't have happened if he hadn't taken too long on that date. He walked towards her, she wasn't crying, she was in shock. When he touched her shoulder, she turned her head to him. She started crying and she was shaking, \"Carrie, are you okay?\" \" What a stupid question, of course she's not, she just got kicked out of her house\" He through. He started to mentally cursing himself because of his stupid question. After he asked that question, Carrie hugged him very hard, while crying in his chest, he put his arms around her and embraced her back. It made him feel more guilty still, she was very sad, and he had a part in it all. He looked at her and immediately felt terrible, seeing her like that was tearing him apart. \"Forgive Me, Carrie. Please forgive me.\" She looked at him confused, while tears came out of her eyes. \"What do you mean?\" She asked, sobbing, and with red eyes from crying so much. \"If we hadn't taken so much in that park because of me, you wouldn't have to go through all this. It's all my fault, now you have no place to sleep. \" Carrie took her arms from his body, she looked into his eyes and put her hands on his face. She smiled at him, or at least she gave the best smile she could. Jason knew this kind of smile, it was the kind of smile that is used to hide the pain, he had seen it in a smile many times, some people gave that smile to him and sometimes it was him who smiled. \"It's all right, Jason. None of this was your fault, so you don't have to worry about it. \" She assured him. \"It's not all right, Carrie. You got kicked out of the house, and I had a part in it, even though I didn't want to.\" That's a new problem, where would she sleep? Jason was right, she was kicked out of the house, and consequently, she wouldn't have anywhere to sleep. However, an idea came into the young boy's mind. \"Carrie, do you want to live with my family until things get better? I know you and Chris have your problems, but I promise nothing's going to happen, my mom and I won't let anything happen. And speaking of my mother, she's wants to see you. \" \"I don't know...\" She whispered. \"Wouldn't I be disturbing you? I mean, I'm useless, I'm weak and I... \" She started crying again. Jason interrupted her, holding her shoulders. \"Carrie, you never disturb, okay? Don't let other people's opinions affect you, you're stronger than them. Do you know why? \" She shook her head. \"You've been hurt your whole life, you've had to endure a lot, yet you haven't given up. A lot of people would have given up, but you didn't. So, believe what I say... you, Carrie White, you don't disturb, you are not useless and more important, you are not weak. Did you understand me? \" Carrie was silent but then she nodded, a little smile was forming on her lips, as his words always help her. \"Great, so do you accept?\" Carrie thought for a moment and gave her answer. \"Yes, I accept. Thank you so much, Jason. I promise not to do anything wrong while I'm at your house.\" They smiled at each other, but it started raining very hard, ruining their moment and leaving them soaked. \"Great. Come on, Carrie.\" The two telekinetic were running out looking for a place where the rain didn't catch them. When they found a good place, Jason took his cell phone and called his mother. \"Mom, I…\" \"WHERE ARE YOU, YOUNG MAN? DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS?\" \"Yes, I know, I'm sorry, there was a problem and... \" \"What do you mean, a problem?\" What have you gotten yourself into? \" \"I'm sorry, mom. I can't talk right now, but I promise to tell you later. Anyway, is there any way you can come get me? It's raining a lot and I don't want to use ' it '.\" \" Sigh . Sure, I will get you. Where are you?\" \"Thanks, Mom, you're the best. We're in front of a convenience store that's on the avenue... ah you know what store I'm talking about, you know that store I almost stole a chocolate from when I was little? \" Jason heard her laugh. \"Yeah, I remember. Don't worry, I'm going to... Wait a minute, did you say ' we '? What do you mean?\" \"Thanks, mom. See you later, bye. \" \"Jason... \" Jason hung up the call, he kept his cell phone in his pocket and chuckled. Looking around, he thought of buying some sweets. Carrie They entered the store and bought some sweets and then returned to the front of the store. 10 minutes later, a car stopped in front of them and the two telekinetic entered it. In front there was a woman who was serious, however, when she looked at Carrie her serious expression became a huge smile. \"CARRIE, it's been a long time! How are you?\" Carrie got a little confused, but she remembered that Jason said that his mother was friends with her mother. She said her name is Kimberly and a few more things that Carrie didn't understand, as the woman spoke very quickly. When she calmed down, Jason explained what had happened and Carrie confirmed what he said, and then he asked if Carrie could live with them until things got better. After finishing the explanation, Kimberly seemed furious (probably with Margaret) but agreed to let Carrie live with them. She turned on the car and started driving. \" I hope there are no problems.\" The girl thought. After a while, the three of them arrived at the house. When Carrie saw the house, she couldn't help but start feeling nervous, she never slept in another house, another thing that made her nervous is the fact that Chris Hargensen, her long-time bullying, live in that same house. \"Come on, get inside.\" Kimberly said as she unlocked the door. Carrie's heart was beating too fast, determined to face her fear, she breathed deep and entered. When she came in, the fear took control of her again and she hid behind Jason, she could hear Chris ' voice. \"Hey Mom, what did Jason do?\" When Chris spotted Carrie, time seemed to stop and focus on both. If looks could kill, Carrie would have turned to dust, she could feel the hatred coming from that girl. She was holding a magazine, but it was kneaded by the hands of the brunette, who was trembling with rage. \"WHY IS THIS BITCH HERE?\" Chris screamed while glaring at the girl. She started coming towards her but Jason intervening, holding his sister. \"Carrie's going to spend some time here, okay.\" Jason explained quietly. \"What? Are you serious? \" Jason nodded. Chris groaned, completely irritated by the situation. She looked at her mother, wanting to know her opinion. \"Mom, do you agree with that?\" Kimberly gave a smile and put her hand on her shoulder. \"Of course, she's a great friend of your brother's. Honestly Chris, Carrie's a good girl, I don't know why you two aren't friends. By the way, Carrie's in need of help right now, so we're going to help her the best we can, and you'll help, young lady. \" She said the last sentence with a serious tone. \"But, but…\" She gave up, completely frustrated. She went back to the room and continued reading her magazine, meanwhile, a man appeared, he looked like an older version of Jason. Carrie thought he must be Jason's father, since he and Jason look alike. \"May I ask what's going on?\" \"Uh, Jason, take Carrie to your room, change your clothes, you're drenched. I already carry clothes for you, Carrie.\" Kimberly went to the man and grabbed him by the arm and took him to the kitchen, probably to explain what had happened and that Carrie would stay there for a while. \"Uh... shall we?\" Carrie nodded, Jason took the girl's hand and took her to a room. Carrie saw it was his room. \" I'm in a boy's room... I'm in Jason's room, a boy. Stay calm, he will do nothing evil. \" \"Uh... Jason... what are we doing here? I mean, this is your room, right? \" She asked in a timidly tone while playing with her strawberry blonde hair. \"Well, as my mother said, we're soaked and we need to change clothes. I'm looking for some towels for me and for you.\" After a while, he took a towel and handed it to her. \"Go take a shower, I tell my mom to give you the clothes there.\" She took the towel and looked at it. \"Uh... okay.\" She gave him the best smile she could. \"Second door on the right.\" The telekinetic went to the bathroom, there she stripped of those wet clothes, and took her bath. While showering, she began to remember what happened at the beginning of the evening. All this fighting with mom and being kicked out of her house was killing her inside. Just thinking about it, made her start crying. After being crying for a while, a noise caught her attention. Someone was knocking on the door, which soon opened and revealed Kimberly at the door with a change of clothes in her hand. \"Hey, Carrie, here's some clothes for you to wear for now.\" \"Uh... Okay, Mrs. Hargensen. Thank you very much. \" \"You are welcome, dear. And please don't call me Mrs. Hargensen, that was my mother, so please, just call me Kimberly. \" \"Okay. I'll be right out. \" Kimberly nodded. \"When you're done, go to the kitchen for dinner. Jason's helping me make the food, you're going to love his food. \" She said a little giggle. Carrie got a little red. \"By the way, Carrie, it's good to see you.\" She shut the door and left Carrie alone. After taking her bath, Carrie dried herself and dressed for dinner. As I went down the stairs Carrie saw a painting that made her stop to look at it. In the photo, Kimberly was hugging two children, probably three years old, who she recognized as Chris and Jason. The little girl and Chris she knows has the same face, but little Jason is a little bit different than the Jason she knows. Little Jason was chubby, with long black hair and chubby cheeks. Carrie can't help but smile. \" He was so cute . \" She thought while giggling. \"Hey, Carrie. Dinner time. \" Carrie recognized the voice of Jason, who was extending his hand to her, who accepted while giving a little smile. Jason smiled and took her to the dining room, where everyone, except them, was seated. Carrie sat next to Jason, and he near his mother. \"I'm glad you could join us, Carrie.\" Kimberly gave a smile. \"Thank you, Mrs. Hargensen. Once again, I thank you for letting me stay at your house. \" Carrie smiled back. \"I told you not to call me that.\" \"Sorry.\" Kimberly nodded and addressed everyone. \"Well, let's have dinner.\" Everyone started eating. Carrie was amazed by the taste of food, it was delicious, she had never tasted anything so good. \"Do you like it, Carrie?\" Jason asked her, who nodded and gave a little smile. \"Yes, it's delicious, it's the best thing I've ever eaten. Well, it's not as good as chocolate pudding.\" She whispered the last sentence, hoping no one heard. But she felt a breath in her ear and heard a whisper. \"Well, if you want, I can make a chocolate pudding for you, my mother taught me how to do.\" Carrie smiled at him and came back to eat. While they were eating, Jason's father decided to start a conversation. \"So, you're Carrie?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"I'm John Hargensen, Chris and Jason's father.\" \"Nice to meet you, Mr. Hargensen.\" \"The pleasure is all mine. A few days ago, my son talked about defending a girl at school. That girl was you? \" Carrie nodded. Chris decided to talk this time. \"So what happened to make you stay here?\" \"Chris.\" Jason looked at her with a serious look. \" What? I want to know what happened. \" While the two were arguing, Carrie was silent while she was deciding whether to talk or not. After a while, she decided to talk. \"I... had a fight with my mother and I ended up getting kicked out of the house.\" She explained, immediately regretting having said that \"Damn, you fighting, with your mother of all people? Maybe it's the end of world.\" She jokes with a fake smile and Carrie gives her a fake smile back. After a brief period of silence, Kimberly decided to ask something that was making her anxious to know. She looked at the two telekinetic and asked. \"So, how was the date?\" She asked with a evil smile. Carrie turned red while Jason choked on the food. Kimberly grinned, while Chris stood still and John raised an eyebrow. \"Date?\" \"Why, of course. Our little boy is growing up, he's already dating a cute girl. So tell me, how was the meeting? \" \"Well, first we went to have coffee and eat sandwiches.\" Jason started it. \"There, Jason introduced me to Olivia, a friend of his. Then we went to a dress shop, where I bought fabric for a gown. \" Carrie went on. \"So we went to a bookstore, where I bought a book about poems for Carrie.\" Jason added. \"And we went to a park where we read the book together. That's all. \" Carrie finalized. They looked at each other and gave a giggle. After they finished their explanation, they gained some reactions. Kimberly was happy, her smile showing her happiness for them; John was indifferent, however, seemed to conceal a little pride; Chris,well, she seemed... furious. \"Gee, what a day, a pity that had to happen something bad.\" Chris said with a very fake smile while hiding her anger. After everyone finished eating, Carrie offered to help wash the dishes, but Kimberly said she had no problem and she would clean it herself. When the question arose from where Carrie slept, Jason said that he could sleep on the couch and Carrie could sleep in his bed. But Kimberly decided that Carrie would sleep on an extra mattress in Jason's room, since the guest room was temporarily unavailable due to being a big mess, but that would be tidy tomorrow. They both agreed, though they were reluctant about the idea. After everything was ready, the two were his room. There, they decided to sit in bed chatting and watch some TV. After staying almost 40 minutes talking, she noticed that Jason seemed to want to ask her something important. How does she know? She learned that when he gets very nervous, it was a sign that he wanted to ask her something, and it was something that made him very nervous. \"Uh... Jason, are you okay? \" After a time of silence, he looks at her and sighs. \"Carrie, I know it's not a good time to ask this kind of thing, but is that…\" \"What, Jason?\" She asked, a tone of concern in her voice. He closed his eyes and did something that made her shocked. His lips touched her soft lips, he kissed her. Carrie turned red and her heart was beating too fast. \" He... he... he kissed me... My first kiss... He kissed me... Jason kissed me . \" She thought shocked yet a little happy. Their lips were separated, their faces were red like a tomato. Carrie touched her lips, still not believing what had happened. But then Jason panicked. \"I'm sorry, Carrie. You want to be my girlfriend? Oh, my God, I'm so weird. I shouldn't have asked you or did that. I'll understand if you're angry and you don't want to be my friend, or if you just wants to be my friend. Damn, I'm so stupid, I was going to ask you before our date's over, but I just forgot. \" He seemed pretty nervous. If Carrie wasn't shocked, she would have found it very funny, she had never seen him so nervous, he usually is calm. \"What did you say?\" \"I'll understand…\" \"No, the second sentence, what did you say?\" Jason looked at her and sighed. \"Carrie, you want to be my girlfriend? \" This time, he spoke with his quiet voice. After a quiet time, Carrie gave her answer. She hugged him, in her face was a true smile of happiness. \"Yes, I want to be your girlfriend.\" She spoke with her soft, shy voice. Jason smiled at her and they gave her second kiss, this time, the kiss was a little longer. After they kissed, they were lying on the bed, cuddling. \"Want to see a movie?\" He whispered in her ear. \"Of course.\" She replied with a smile. \" Despite what happened today between me and my mother, despite everything I had to go through, for the first time in a long time, I'm really happy .\" She thought happy, while she did everything not to remember any bad memories, focusing only on this happy moment. Chris She wasn't mad... she was furious. Her hatred for Carrie had increased even more. \" She goes out on a date with him, makes him buy things for her, still has the audacity to come and live here and wear my clothes. I bet the fight she had with her mother was deliberate, just to have a reason to stay close to him and annoy me even more. Ugh, I hate her .\" Many people think Chris hate her brother. That's not true, she really cares about him, he's one of the very few people she really cares but she would never admit it. She also always wanted the best for him and was always a overprotective sister, but the problem is that she does not know how to demonstrate this, and became more like an abusive sister than a overprotective sister. Not to mention that she mistreated him too much when they were children, but could never think of a way to apologize to him. One thing she didn't approve of was the relationship he had with Carrie, she never liked that girl. When he had come back, she had hopes that he would want to be popular, but it was not what happened. Frustrated, she let out a tired sigh and threw herself in the bed took her cell phone and called Billy, her boyfriend. One thing she doesn't like about Billy is that he hates his brother. She told him everything that happened today, and Billy came up with an idea. \"Hey babe, I've got an idea how you can humiliate her.\" A diabolical smile formed on her lips, she sat in bed and took TV's control. \" Oh, I'm listening.\"[Chapter 8] Carrie The sun was shining, bringing a beautiful Saturday morning. Carrie was sleeping peacefully in her bed, the sun light was in her face and also illuminating the room. Carrie was the first to wake up, she let out a cute yawn while she was stretching herself. She looked around and saw Jason sleeping in his bed. Not felling tired anymore, she looked around and had an idea. She wanted to surprise Jason. She used her powers to close the curtains while she was taking off the blankets that was covering her. After she did that, she closed her eyes. After a while concentrating she wasn't felling the mattress that was under her, which means she was levitating. Carrie opened her eyes and smiled when she saw that she can fly, one of her childhood dreams. \" This is awesome .\" She thought, amazed by what she could do with her powers. She looked at Jason, who was sleeping. Then she started to move towards him, which take some time because she's still learning how to levitate. When she finally reached where she wanted- that was be flying on top of Jason- she smiled and blushed while she watched Jason sleep. She moved her hand towards his face to wake him up but then unexpected happened. A knock on the door startled Carrie, making the telekinetic loose her concentration. She felled on top of Jason, waking him up. The door's opened and Carrie's heart was beating fast. Jason's mother, Kimberly, stood there with her cheerful smile. \"Hey kids, it's time to… get up.\" Her smile vanished, a serious expression replaced her smile. She crossed her arms and looked at the couple. \"Can someone tell me what's going on here?\" Her voice tone was very scary. Carrie understood her Carrie understood what she meant and tried to explain, but she was very nervous. \"Y-YOU G-G-GOT T-THE W-WRONG IDEA!\" She exclaimed. Carrie was blushing madly, completely embarrassed by all of this. Jason looked at the two with a confused expression, the poor boy had no idea what was going on. \" Uh… what's going on?\" He questioned the both of them with a very tired voice while he rubbed his eyes. Kimberly sighed and turned around. \"You two… we'll talk about this downstairs.\" She stated and closed the door, leaving the two teenagers alone in the room blushing and looking at each other. After some time of silence and exchanging looks, Jason give Carrie a very passionate kiss, she accepted and kissed him back. After kissing, Carrie laid her head on his chest, while he pat her head and played with her strawberry blond hair. The girl closed her eyes, enjoying the affection that she was receiving. \"Hey.\" He greeted her. \"Hey.\" She greeted him back. \"I don't know that I would wake up like this. Can all the mornings be like that?\" He joked and grinned. Carrie giggled and blushed. \"Well, I wanted to make a surprise for you, but I heard a knock on the door and I fell on top of you.\" She explained. \"So you're flying over me?\" He asked and she nodded. He smiled and pinched her cheeks. \"But I thought you said that you didn't want to learn how to fly.\" He complained. \"You dork, it's just that your way of fly had scared me.\" She pouted and pressed her index fingers together. Jason laughed and kissed her neck, making her giggle. \" Gosh. Carrie, you're cute.\" He said while he was kissing her. \"Jason, we have to explain ourselves to your mother. She might have gotten the wrong idea when she saw both of us together in the same bed.\" She warned him. Jason said a very tired 'okay'- he clearly doesn't wanted to get up- the couple got up and Carrie went to the bathroom and Jason was cleaning the room. After she came back, Jason went to bathroom. After he came back, he started to prepare himself for a possibly angry mother. Holding hands, the telekinetic couple went downstairs to have their breakfast. But when they got there, they found an angry woman glaring at Jason and Chris eating her pancakes. Kimberly was leaning on the sink, her arms were crossed while tapping the tip of her left foot on the floor. After 5 minutes of looks, silence and tension, Jason decided to speak. \" Hey, mom.\" He sounded a little scared. \"\"Jason... You haven't taken advantage of poor Carrie last night, right? \" She asked in a frightening tone. Jason blinked, Carrie blushed madly and Chris choked on her breakfast. That was a very embarrassing and strange situation. \"What?\" The telekinetic tilted his head to side. He was trying to understand what she meant, confusion was on his face. \"I have got upstairs to wake you two, but when I get there, I found both of you lying on the same bed. SO, please tell me I'm wrong. Jason, did you have taken advantage of Carrie's last night? Because if you do, God help me, Jason. I DIDN'T RAISED MY SON TO BE THAT KIND OF MAN!\" She yelled clenching her fist, scaring him. Chris watched them carefully, wanting to see what was going to happen. She was mentally cursing Carrie and make a mental note to humiliate the blond even more. \"No mother, of course not. Y-you gotten the wrong idea, you see... I… Carrie and I… we…uh…\" He had no idea how he could explain that. For the poor boy's luck, Carrie came in his defense and explained to Mrs. Hargensen what had really happened (hiding the part of her powers and replaced it with a lie) and saving Jason from the beating of his life. \"Okay, so let me get this straight. Last night you two decided to date, right?\" She asked and they nodded. \"You two slept in separate beds. But this morning, you, Carrie, woke up early and decided to make a surprise for him, but I got there in the wrong moment, right?\" Again, they nodded. Carrie was holding Jason arm while she was hiding her face behind his shoulder. Kimberly looked at them again, trying to detect any lie. After glaring at them for a minute, a big smile spread on her face and she clasped her hands together. \"I'm glad I was wrong. For a moment I thought you had taken advantage of Carrie.\" She said with a laugh. Jason rolled his eyes. \"Thanks mom.\" He said sarcastically. His eye twitched. \"Anyway, congratulations for the couple.\" She went closer to Carrie's ear and whispered. \" I had no doubt. I knew that you two would be together, I knew that for a long time.\" She whispered and giggled. Carrie blushed and Kimberly looked at Jason seriously. \"You better treat her like a queen. Never break her heart.\" She warned him in an scary tone, making him nod quickly. She turned to Carrie and gave her a soft smile. She was holding Carrie's hands and looked at her eyes. \" And you, Carrie, please take care of my son. I know that I can trust you on this, after all, I know you for a long time.\" She let go of Carrie hands and she hugged the girl. \"Thank you, Mrs. Hargensen.\" She thanked her. Kimberly let go of Carrie and looked at the telekinetic couple. \"Go have some breakfast.\" She said. They did what she said and started to eat. The breakfast was great and they finished in a short time. After they finished and cleaned the dishes, Kimberly had an idea and a request. \"Jason, can you clean the guest room for Carrie?\" Jason put his hand on his chin and thought for a minute. \"Sigh. Sure.\" She smiled and turned to the two girls. \"Girls, how about we do some shopping?\" \"What do you mean, mom?\" Chris questioned. \"Well, I was thinking about getting some clothes for Carrie and buying some for both of us. What do you think? \" She replied in a cheerful tone. \"T-that's fine by me. \" Carrie answered a little nervous, she had never gone out to buy clothes, and to make her more nervous, Chris goes along. \"I'll pass.\" Chris answered, she looked pissed off. The brunette got up and went off. \"Oh…okay.\" Kimberly said a little sad. She turned to Carrie and smiled. \"Let's go?\" Carrie nodded and followed the woman. Before they went off the house, Kimberly turned to Jason with an evil grin. \"Hey Jason, everything I buy for Carrie will with your money.\" She heard a sound of glass breaking, which means that he had broken a cup. \"WHAT?! WHY?!\" He complained/yelled. \"This will be a gift for your girlfriend.\" She closed the door before he starts complaining again. They both got into the car, laughing at his reaction. After they stopped laughing, Carrie looked at Kimberly, who was turning on the car. \"Uh... Are we really going to use his money? \"She asked, not wanting to hurt Jason or anything like that. Kimberly turned to her and laughed. \"No, I was just messing with him. Well, after he break one of my cups… maybe. \" She stated. \"Oh… okay.\" Carrie put on her seatbelt and breathed deep, she was very nervous about everything that was going on. \"Relax, Carrie. Everything will be okay. \" She assured the telekinetic. Kimberly turned the car on and they went to the mall. They got off from the store, carrying many bags with them. Carrie liked Kimberly. She is good person, she is funny and she also a little scary. Carrie noticed that she and Jason have the same personality- despite Jason being more serious and her being more scary- and they also have the same blue eyes. Carrie- despite being kicked of her house by her own mother- was feeling hope, something she didn't feel for a long time. Before, her eyes were lifeless, but now, they. Before, his brown eyes were lifeless, but now they were getting back to being cheerful and alive. Kimberly had said she needed to go to the bathroom, Carrie nodded and waited outside. While waiting, Carrie heard a sneering laugh coming from behind her. \"Well, well, girls, what do we have here? A great piece of shit, of course.\" It was Tina Blake, accompanied by Heather, Nikki and Lizzie, all of them were carrying bags, probably with clothes. They were staring at Carrie with pure disgust. \"What are you doing here, Bloody Mary?\" Heather asked. \"I-I-I'm buying some clothes for me.\" Carrie answered with fear. Tina yanked Carrie's hair and make the poor girl yell in pain and face the other girl. \"I-I-I… Shut up, you damn freak.\" She said dangerously. Tina let go of Carrie hair and looked at the others, an evil grin formed on her lips. \"Girls, what do you think of teaching this bitch to learn to speak.\" It seemed more like an order than a request. The others, except Heather, grinned. Heather held her friend's shoulder and warned. \"I don't know, Tina. What if Jason or someone, you know, someone that is accompanying her come back here.\" Tina looked at Carrie, holding her right shoulder tightly. They dropped their bags on the floor. Tina grinned cruelly at Carrie. \"Fuck it, it's going to be real quick.\" With that, she punched Carrie in the face, Nikki and Lizzie soon joined the beating. Heather stared at Carrie to catch, undecided about what to do. Some people gathered around the girls, they didn't help, they just looked at the girl being beating up by three other girls. After a few punches, they stopped and looked at Carrie with a sneer. \"You've had enough, Scarrie White ?\" The girls laughed at Tina's stupid joke. Carrie was silent. Not liking being ignored, Tina prepared another punch. \"Don't ignore me, you...\" She didn't finish her speech because she saw Carrie's creepy look. \" Stop It! \" If Carrie's had eye powers, Tina would have exploded, because Carrie's look was too scary- she didn't seem like the shy, helpless girl they knew. Carrie was completely blinded by hatred. With that, the blond girl gave a hook to Tina's chin, knocking the brunette down. She turned to the others, who were terrified. Using her powers, Carrie opened the palm of her left hand and pushed forward. Thanks to her power, the other three fell on the ground. After realizing what she had done, Carrie's eyes widened. She put her hands on her head and panicked. \" Oh No. What did I do? I used my powers in public... I lost control. Now everyone will know. My God, my God, my God, what did I do? \" The security guard came and asked what had happened. Tina tried to accuse Carrie, but the people around defended Carrie saying that she only defended herself and the others girls had pretended that Carrie had beaten them. Carrie sighed in relief, no one had found out about her powers. After much discussion, the security guard released her. Kimberly came back and the two left that area. Carrie told her what had happened, Kimberly laughed and congratulated Carrie for defending herself. They both decided to leave the mall. When they were about to leave, a girl called Carrie. It was Olivia, she was running toward both of them. She was not with her cheerful and playful personality. \"Olivia, what are doing here?\" \"I work on that store.\" She pointed at a cosmetic store. \"Carrie, who is this girl.\" \"She is Olivia Cooper.\" Kimberly eyes widened. \"Mrs. Hargensen, how are you?\" She seemed scared, not with Kimberly, but with something else. Kimberly smiled and hugged the girl. \"Olivia, it's been a long time. How are… \" \"Mrs. Hargensen, it's good to see you and everything, but I have a serious problem. You can give this to Jason, it's very important. It's even better that you're here, I was going to give this Carrie.\" She delivered a small envelope under the name of Jason. Kimberly took the envelope and put it in her purse. After delivering the envelope, Olivia said goodbye and left, leaving the two of them very concerned. Olivia is usually a cheerful and playful girl, but now she seemed... different. Jason Jason came to the café, the same one he went with Carrie. He went there to find Olivia, who, by the note in the envelope, seemed desperate- which had worried him. She had requested them to meet there urgently, because she needed his help with something. She had also asked him to go alone. After waiting patiently, the door bell rang, indicating that someone had entered. Jason bent his head to see who had entered, and there she was, Olivia, who didn't seem happy, not even a little.. She found Jason and gave him a weak smile. She carried an envelope, which seemed to be being tightened in her hands. Jason waved at her and she went towards him. She sat down and the two made her orders. \"Hey.\" She greeted him. Her voice was weak. \"Hi,\" He greeted her with a forced smile, trying to ignore all that depressing tone of hers. After a pregnant time of silence, he put his right hand on her shoulder while staring at her with concern. \"Look, Olivia... Why do you... \" \"Jason, I'm going to be direct... We are in danger. \" She said as she looked around, as if she were looking for any sign of danger... or someone. Jason looked at her with confusion. The attending brought their order and left. \"What do you mean?\" He questioned her. She sighed and closed her eyes. \"A few months ago, my father died. The problem is that he died in a very strange accident.\" She drank a sip of her coffee. \"What does that have to do with us?\" Jason questioned her, not understanding where she meant. \"Calm down, I'll get to that part. However, shortly after he died, I began to receive this.\" What she took from the envelope disturbed Jason. There were pictures of Olivia in her everyday life that were taken from afar. But what really disturbed him was the messages and threats that were in the photos. The pictures looked like it was been taken from an instant camera. Jason looked at the redhead seriously. \"Why didn't you tell me? Better yet, why don't you tell the police?\" \" I told to an officer that was a friend of my father, but some time after I told him, he died in a strange accident. I didn't want to get you involved with this, I wanted to handle this alone. But...\" \"But what, Olivia?\" He demanded. \"Friday night, I got this here.\" She took from the envelope one more picture, the picture was Jason and Carrie in the park. Jason's eyes widened, he took the picture with shaking hands. Behind the photo was a message: after you, they will be the next ones. He looked at Olivia, wanting to understand all of this. \"Why? Why is this happening, Olivia?\" \"I don't know, Jason. This don't make any sense. I really want to know why somebody is doing that to me. Why would someone hold such grudge on me? I never did anything evil to anyone.\" Tears started to come out of her eyes. Jason hugged her and she hugged him back. She cried on his shoulder. \"Jason, please forgive me. I didn't want to put you and Carrie on it. \" She said while she was crying. \"Don't worry, it's not your fault. You're not the one that is making these threats, we're going to figure out how to beat this madman, okay? \" Olivia looked at him with a small smile and nodded. \"Thank you, Jason. It helped me. \" She said with a sad smile. Jason decided to change the subject \"You know, me and Carrie are dating.\" Olivia smiled happily and hugged him. Serious? That's great. \" She said in her usual cheerful tone. Jason smiled. \"I'm glad you're back, Miss Sunshine.\" She laughed and took a sip of the coffee. \" I think I needed that, you know, have someone to tell all your problems and know that you can count on your problems.\" She said as she looked at the cup, a sad smile was on her face. \"But anyway, aside from all this threatening talk on the side...\" She threw a serious look at him. \"Jason... I think you better take care of that girl. From what I saw in her eyes, I saw that she suffered a lot, so don't hurt her. \" He smiled and put his hands on the table. \"Of course I will.\" She smiled, but soon cast a threatening glance at him. \"But don't take advantage of her innocence either... She is very pure. \" Jason laughed and the two kept talking. Chris It was night and the two teenagers were preparing their prank against Carrie. After I invaded a farm, they killed a pig and took it blood. They filled a bucket with pig's blood. Billy had suggested two buckets- one for Carrie and one for Jason- but Chris came up with an excuse that only one would be fine, which actually meant that she didn't want to throw too much blood on her brother. Billy was tying up the bucket and Chris was downstairs, watching everything. Billy warned her he'd let her pull the bucket. A drop of blood fell on his face, making the girl smile. \"I can't wait for the prom.\" Author notes: For plot reasons, I may change the title of this story. I also wanted to warn you that when you that when I post the next update I will also post another story I'm making. Until next time. ","Summary":" Carrie belongs to Stephen King Carrie walked through the hallway, shrunk and nervously, feeling the"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Preying on a Sheep Girl","Author":"Auther of the Earth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12504889","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello this is a idea that came to recently. At first it was going to be a Carrie x Chris story, but then I decided to included Sue and Rita. Enjoy \"Carrie! Wake up or you'll be late.\" Carrie yawned and stretched as she heard her mom yell from the stairs before snapping fully awake. \"Oh my God! Today I start going to a real school!\" Since the 2nd grade Carrie's mother, Margaret White, has home-schooled her and has done a great job teaching her pride and joy. However Carrie has longed to enter an actual school and make friends and maybe even find love. So, after much beg and use of baby-doll eyes, Margaret finally caved in. She knew why her mother was so hesitant. With her father having died in a factory accident, she was all her momma had left and couldn't bear the thought of losing her. Plus, her being a demi human didn't help. Margaret came from a long line of were-sheep and her daughter was no exception. Both had blonde fluffy wool that covered parts of their body and it made cleaning harder when they needed to sheer each other. Carrie herself having wool on her forearms and her lower legs. Her horns now fully curved from her long fluffy hair helped show how mature she's become. The blonde sheep girl looked at her alarm, wondering why it didn't go off, only to realize her mistake was setting it to p.m. and bolted to the bathroom. As she washed up Carrie let her mind wonder to the endless possibilities that could happen today. She chose to go to Evan High which was only a short bike ride away. They accept both humans and demi humans alike. Provided plenty of clubs and sported for all students to enjoy. From the small tour she got, there were even classes she could take with both species or her own if she feels more comfortable. After finally getting dressed in her new uniform which was white shirt under a dark blue vest with a matching skirt and shoes. Carrie came down to the kitchen in a rush. The uniform for demi humans are interchangeable for each breed so to accommodate their unique bodies. Plus having all that wool stuffed in a jacket and legwarmers would be torture. \"Momma why didn't you wake me up sooner.\" She whined quickly eating a pop-tart. \"I'm going to be late on my first day.\" Margaret smiled at her daughter rushing to grab her bag while eating. \"Maybe if someone didn't stay up all night they could have gotten up sooner and had more time.\" \"I couldn't help it I'm so nervous. Would if no one likes me and I am alone. Or would if I do something embarrassing. Or if- \" The poor girl was going over all the worst-case scenarios thanks to her poor social skills. Carrie was a quiet, shy girl. Though most were-sheep break out of there shell at an early age. Carrie's past with bullies and her general nervousness around new faces left her being very reserved and fearfully of others. Margaret grabbed her little girl into a hug to calm her down and gently ran her hand in her hair, a trick that easily works to put her at ease. \"Carrie listen to me. You are going to do great. I know it will be scary at first and you may not know what to do, but I know you'll be fine.\" The sheep girl looked up with big hopeful eyes. \"Ar-are you sure people will li-like me?\" \"Of course. What's not to love about my special fluffy ball.\" She said rubbing their faces together lovingly earning a giggle from her daughter. \"Now go or else you'll miss the first bell.\" After shoving her out the door and to her bike Margaret gave her a quick kiss on the head. \"I love you Carrie.\" \"I love you too momma.\" And with that she rode off to her first day of school. \"Please be safe.\" Her mother whispered. X~X~X \"Wow.\" No matter how many times she seen it Evan High was an amazing sight. Lush green grass, freshwater fountains so that aquatic demi humans can cool off, even an open area for those who can fly to stretch their wings. And to top it off humans and Demi's talking, laughing, and enjoy one another's company. Locking up her bike, Carrie walked inside towards her locker. Passing goblin boy talking with his human buddies, a harpy girl eating her breakfast atop a golems boy head, to even a human boy making out with his werewolf boyfriend. The last one making her blush, but aside from that she couldn't believe that so many different species got along so well. Finally, at her locker, she started organizing and decorating it smiling the whole time. 'So far so good. Now I just need to find my homeroom. But this place is so big. Maybe I should ask someone for help.' Riiiiiing After the bell went off students started heading to class, leaving a startled sheep girl alone. Worried that she already messed up, Carrie ran down the various hallways checking door numbers to find hers. Being in such a rush she didn't see the person she ran into, knocking her down on her butt. \"Watch were you going!\" Carrie looked up to see a catgirl with two brown cat ears sticking out of her brunette hair and brown tail swaying behind her glaring at her. The girl's stare softened a little as she looked down before she turned away quickly. She pointed at the sheep girl saying. \"Um you might want to close your legs.\" Carrie quickly realized that she had accidentally showed her blue panties to a stranger. Blushing madly, she quickly got up and stared at the floor. \"S-sorry for running into you. I wa-was looking for m-my homeroom.\" The catgirl took a moment to look at the embarrassed girl. She hadn't seen were-sheep before or this girl at school. \"Are you new or something?\" She nodded. \"Okay then I guess I can forgive you but you better be more careful next time not everyone is nice.\" 'Especially to cute girls like you.' The catgirl shook her head to wipe away that thought quick. \"Anyways let me see you schedule.\" Carrie handed her the paper and watched as she scanned it. \"Lucky for you we got the same homeroom. Guess you better come with me if you don't want to be any later.\" Before Carrie could reply the catgirl grabbed her hand and rushed them both to class. Neither one seeing how the other blushed from the sudden contact. 'Maybe she could be my first friend.' Carrie thought. X~X~X \"Ms. Hargensen I was hoping you would grace us with your presence today.\" Carrie took a moment to catch her breathe from being dragged here. \"So, care to explain why your late today.\" Carrie looked up and saw a female werewolf with red hair, with red furry ears and a red tail, that she assumed was her teacher. She looked kind of intimidating to be honest, but also so kind of nice. \"Yes Ms. Desjardin. As a matter of fact, I was helping the new girl find her way here.\" For the first time since they entered, Rita looked that her newest student. She was a small timid looking thing, which doesn't surprise her since she a were-sheep with a werewolf for a teacher. 'Poor thing must think I'm going to eat her or something.' Rita walked over to them, telling Chris to have a seat and took the sheep girl outside. Carrie continued to stare at the floor hoping she or her maybe friend wasn't in trouble. \"Hello there, I'm Rita Desjardin your homeroom teacher for the semester. Pleasure to meet you.\" She smiled softly, careful not to show here fangs so she wouldn't frighten her anymore. \"He-hello m-my name is Ca-Carrietta White. But y-you can ca-call me Carrie.\" The girl whispered but Rita heard her clear enough. \"I just sta-started today.\" She glanced up but quickly lower head back. \"I know, I read your file. It said you were home-schooled until recently but I hope you come to like it here. I know school may seem scary at first, but you'll fit in soon. And if you ever need anything just ask me.\" \"Okay and please don't punish that girl.\" \"You mean Chris?\" \"Yes, it was my fault we were late. I ran into her and asked her to help me, but I didn't know we would be soon late. So, I should be punished not her.\" Rita was a surprised that this girl was asking her to spare Chris and take the detention herself all on her first day. She doubted that Chris forced her to say that. Chris may like to skip and sleep in class but she's not the type to bully someone. \"It's okay Carrie no one is in trouble. I'll let it slide today but do try to get in on time from now on.\" The sheep girl nodded and smiled a little as Ms. Desjardin led her back into class. \"Okay people this is Carrie White and she will be your new classmate. I true you all to make her feel welcome.\" The student started to whisper about the new girl until human boy asked a question. \"Is it true that sheep girl get horny when ya sheer their wool off.\" This caused several boys to snicker and one high five him. \"Looks like Ted and Nick will be run laps after school anyone else want to join them.\" Ms. Desjardin said cause the class to fall silent as a fox girl eyed Carrie with interest. \"No. Good now Carrie why don't you sit in that empty seat next to Chris. As she passed Chris she waved a bit and Chris waved back, but tried to hide it. \"Okay open your books to page 12. Carrie, you can just copy notes from someone for now okay.\" Chris perked up at this and was digging there her bag to find her notes to give to Carrie. 'It's just payback for seeing her panties nothing more.' She thought. \"Here you go you can use mine.\" Both girls turned around to see a fox girl offering Carrie her papers. She was just any fox girl though, she was a kitsune. She had shoulder length blonde hair like Carrie's, but her ears stretched upward and behind her were 9 long fluffy tails. Carrie wasn't sure why, but she felt her face heat up as she took the notes with a quiet \"thank you\". \"Your welcome. I'm Sue Snell by the way.\" \"Carrie White but I guess y-you already kn-knew that.\" Sue smiled warmly and touched Carrie's arm gently. \"Would you like to eat lunch with me later.\" But before she could speak someone else cut in. \"Sorry but Carrie and I are eating together later Sue.\" Chris said as her eyes went to slits as she stared down the kitsune. \"I'm sure we can all eat together plus what better way to introduce our new friend to the school. Unless you just want her to yourself Chris.\" At this Chris simply blush and turned back muttering \"whatever\" and buried her face in her textbook. During the whole exchange Rita watched and suppressed a growl watching Sue touch Carrie and the way Chris looked at her. 'They better not try and hurt her or else I'll run them ragged until their legs fall off. Carrie, oblivious to the three ladies eyeing with equal interest, could only smile. 'Looks like school won't be so bad. Chris seems a little rough but she means well. Ms. Desjardin was scary at first but I think she's very nice and kind of cool too. And Sue is nice to and a little mysterious. I hope I can be friends with them.'[Chapter 2] Hope you enjoyed this one. Please review with comments or mistakes on my part. \"So, Carrie tell us about yourself. Why haven't I ever seen someone as adorable as you around town before?\" Sue asked while their group walked to their next class, Gym. \"Did you just move into town?\" \"U-um no I've always lived here, but I was homeschooled for a long time. My momma taught me, but I don't go out mu-much.\" Carrie cursed herself for being so timid in front of her new friends. Chris decided to speak next. \"That's cool, wish I could stay home like that. So, what about your dad.\" At this the sheep-girl lowered her head. \"He…he's gone.\" Both girl's eyes widened and Chris immediately regretted opening her mouth. \"He died when I was young. He's wasn't like me or momma, he was human but he still loves us and we love him.\" Sue hugged the shorter girl to comfort her while Chris apologized for what she said. \"N-no it's not your fault.\" She turned to Chris with Sue now hugging her from behind. \"It's just that after he passed momma was very protective at first. But the problem is that I'm kind of shy too.\" The two monster girls didn't know what to say, but they both had the same thought. 'Nothing bad will happen to you!' Sue thought. 'If anyone tries to hurt her their dead!' Chris thought. Riiiiing \"Oh no we're going to be late again!\" Sue hide her disappointment well as Carrie left her arms. Chris simply smirked as the group ran down the hall. Both girls lagging to watch the third girls behind. X~X~X \"Okay girls today light exercise than dodgeball! Go get changed then be back here in 10 minutes!\" Ms. Desjardin yelled as her class left to for the locker room. She saw her newest student slightly confused and smiled. \"Hey, bet you weren't excepting to see me so soon.\" \"N-no that's not it.\" She said slightly flustered having been caught think exactly that. \"Relax the school is short staffed right now so I told over your class as well as half of the girl's P.E. class. It's kept me pretty busy but I like it.\" Rita smile as she hurried Carrie to the locker room. \"Now get changed we got a lot of energy to burn.\" The sheep-girl quietly walked in but was greeted with something she never thought she would see in her life. Multiple human and monster girls in various stages of undress. She quickly ducked her head down to avert her eyes as she felt her face warm up. \"Hey there you are Carrie I found a pair of cloths for you.\" Sue stopped in front of the shorter girl, making her look up and become a blushing mess looking at Sue in her newly changed sports bra that still showed off her cleavage. Carrie already knew that the fox girl was taller than her, but she didn't realize she was so much more…mature. Her chest was a least D if not DD-cup, dwarfing her own modest C-cup. Sue noticed her red face and where she was staring. So, she did what any kitsune would do. Tease her of course. She moved her arms under her chest and leaned towards the poor girl. \"My my I didn't think our little sheep-girl would be so forward and openly stare. Should I be worried that you might try to grope me?\" With a giggle and another push Sue was enjoying how Carrie tried to look away, but was more so enjoying her reaction. Until someone through and shirt at her head. \"Put that on ya nympho!\" Chris pulled Carrie away and gave her the cloths. \"You'll make her uncomfortable flashing her like that mega melons!\" Sue was sure which thing irked her more. The insults or having her bundle of fluffiness gone. \"Is someone jealous that she can't compete with the big girls.\" Sue pointed at Chris' B size chest. The two then decided to glare at each other. Both monster girls had a sort of rivalry with one another. Sue had nature beauty on her side. While Chris had more athletic achievements. They both looked ready to fight, but would settle this one in today's gym class. \"Try to keep up this time airbags.\" The catgirl baited. \"Just don't cry when I knock you out in dodgeball.\" The fox girl declared. Both girls left shoving and hitting the other with their tails. Leaving behind a stunned sheep girl. With that over with, Carrie then when to get changed. By the time she was done most of the others left. 'Chris and Sue sure are very intense with one another, but I hope they can get along better. Maybe I can get them to be nicer to each other.' As Carrie was lost in thought, that she didn't notice she stepped on someone's tail. \"Ahhhh!\" She was brought back to reality by the girl wrapping her long tail around her, binding her arms to her sides and rendering her helpless. \"What the hell is your problem huh!?\" A lamia shouted at her. She was more than a head taller and had light brown scales with angry yellow eyes. The sheep girl was too scared to speak and more so as she realized that the locker room was empty. Leaving just them all alone. \"I-I-I'm so-sorry I didn't m-mean to I- \" \"Yo-yo-you what huh?\" The snake girl mocked. \"You think just saying 'I'm sorry' is enough? Fuck that! You're going to have to try harder than that bitch!\" To scare her more she slapped Carrie hard even to leave a red mark. As the poor girl started to tear up her captor was hit with an idea. \"I should kick your ass for this, but I'm filling generous.\" That caught the sheep girl's attention while also making her tense. \"Tell you what if you're willing to pay me I could forgive you.\" Carrie wasn't sure she should agree, but thanks to the tail coiling around her tighter, she could only nod. \"Good I think that grand should make us even.\" \"A th-thousand dollar, but I ca-can't.\" She said meekly. \"I don't care you better have by to tomorrow or else!\" With another slap, she released the crying girl. \"And don't even think about telling anyone or they'll just make it worst for you. Got it!\" \"Y-yes.\" Satisfied with her threat the lamia left the crying girl alone. After two minutes, she calmed down enough to leave. 'What am I going to do.' X~X~X \"Okay girl's good warmup. Time to play some dodgeball.\" Rita's class just finished their workout. Watching them line up along the wall. \"Okay captains will be Summer and Chris.\" Carrie was terrified to learn that Summer was the same snake girl from earlier. Which made Chris picking her first more terrifying because now Summer could hurt her more. Even though she had Sue on her team as well she still could stop from trembling as the lamia whispered to five other girls. Each nodded and looked at Carrie like an easy target. Rita saw Summer leave the locker room, then awhile later Carrie and wondered why she looked upset and know she knew the answer. She suspected that Summer intimidated others, but couldn't prove it since no one would come forth. As much as she wanted to talk to Carrie she knew that would make things worse for her. So, all she could do was wait until after school to help her. It wasn't just her though Sue could feel Carrie distress and Chris heard the girls muttering. \"Aim for the sheep-bitch.\" Both girls made up their mind to protect her. As the first game started Sue stuck close to Carrie while took off hitting girl after girl and quickly won the first game. It didn't take much for Carrie to find out that her friends were defending her. She wasn't sure if they knew about what Summer did but she was still happy to have them. For the second one though she was dealt with first as she was ganged up on and hit multiple times. Sue however was still about to save the young sheep by simply catching each ball that came there way. Unfortunately, by the third game the opposing team learned their patterns. Chris was aggressive and fast, but was so focused on hitting one target. Sue was very gracefully and seemed to be able to see in all directions, but because she was so busy protecting Carrie she forgot to protect herself. With their best players, out now Summer's team started picking off the rest until Carrie was the only one left. Summer could easily see how scared the sheep girl was and relished in that fear. She loves making other fear her. 'Time to put you in your place little sheep.' She thought evilly. Her group decided to end her painfully. Hitting her twice in the chest, once in the gut, and finally one thrown from her own tail to her head. Hurting her horns more than anything else. With the added strength, Carrie was knocked back into the wall and hit head again. As she started to blackout, she saw three figures running to her while calling out to her. X~X~X Carrie awoke in a warm bed with a massive headache. She moved to sit but was stopped. \"Hold on their little missy. Take it easy.\" She looked up to see a black-haired human lady that was wearing a doctor's coat and a grey blouse and skirt. She was and older woman and looked about her momma's age. \"How are you feeling?\" Carrie rubbed her head and winced. \"Um a little better I th-think ma'am. But my horns and head hurt.\" \"Not surprising dear. That was a nasty hit you took. I'm Dr. Taylor by the way.\" She smiled warmly and she as handed her patient some aspirin and water. \"While you were out your friends brought you in and the fox one left with your teacher to deal with those girls that attacked you.\" Carrie finished her pills and laid back down. \"Now I was about to call your home and ask if they wanted to take for the day, but now that you're up and it doesn't look like a serious injury I'd like it see if you would rather stay. I know this has been a rough first day for you though.\" Carrie thought about it, but shook her head. Not only did she not want her mom to worry, but she wanted to also be brave and so that so could keep going. If it wasn't for meeting her friends she'd likely never have this new courage. \"No thank you ma'am I'll be okay.\" The doctor nodded and got up. \"Okay then I'll let Ms. Desjardin know your awake, but I think she'll but talking with the principal for a bit longer. Would you like your catgirl friend to stay with you?\" with a nod Dr. Taylor opened the door, and Chris was fell to the floor. It was clear she was listening the whole time. \"Ch-Chris are you okay?\" Chris couldn't believe that she was worried about her went Carrie was the one hurt. \"Um yeah I'm fine but what about you?\" \"I'm feeling better now.\" \"That's…that's good. You still haven't eaten lunch with me yet like you promised. So, you can't go until then.\" Carrie tilted her head. \"I did?\" Chris felt her face heat up at how cute she looked. \"Well kinda, you're my friend right so you have to keep your word.\" Chris was rubbing her arm and had her tail curled around her leg. \"Okay we can eat here.\" Chris' eyes lit up and her tail swayed happily. \"Um if that's okay Ms. Taylor?\" She asked. Chris just realized that the woman was watching her the whole time with a knowing smirk. \"It's Dr. Taylor and yes as long as you clean up after. Now I be in the other room if you need anything else Ms. White.\" She left soon after that. \"Okay wait here I'll go get us some food.\" The cat girl left with a noticeable pep in her step. Which went unnoticed by a certain sheep girl. X~X~X \"Okay I hope you're okay with a sal-. \"As Chris walked in she was not expecting Sue or Ms. Desjardin to be there as well. Her teacher with some fruit and Sue with warm soup. \"ad.\" \"Hey Chris. Welcome back we've been keeping daring Carrie here company.\" Sue said while smiling, trying to hide the fact that she like the other two wanted alone time with the sheep girl. \"You'll be happy to know that Summer won't be bothering you again Carrie.\" Rita said while standing to her left and rubbing her arm to help relax her more. She left out the promise to cause the snake girl large amounts of pain if she even looked at Carrie wrong. \"Now you should rest and eat up. I'll check on you later. As much as she wanted to stay, she knew that she had other things to do. But she stopped when Carrie grabbed her hand. \"Can you please stay for a while. I really want all of us to share lunch.\" Rita looked at Carrie's big soft eyes and knew she had to let her down gently. \"Well I guess I can stay for a while.\" 'Damn my weak will and that adorable face.' \"Your just so precious.\" Sue cried hugging her and rubbing her chest against her. Cause blood to rush to her face. \"H-Hey get off her already!\" Chris broke them apart. \"You're going to make her pass out if you smother her.\" Chris then offered her salad to her looking flustered. \"Hey, I didn't know if you'd like something with else so I just got this.\" The catgirl's ears twitched as she looked away. Carrie took a bit and her face lit up. \"Thank you Chris it's really good.\" The catgirl smiled and turned to Sue as Carrie continued to eat. Letting her see the catgirl's smug smile to showoff that she got more attention. The kitsune was not happy at all. \"Hey Carrie.\" Said girl looked up. \"How about you and I go shopping this weekend?\" Sue knew that their teacher and Chris had soccer practice to go to. Leave just the two of them alone. \"I don't know I'll have to ask momma but I'd like to. I just don't have a lot of money.\" \"That's fine we'll try on somethings and then buy whatever you look sexy in.\" While Carrie blushed at the thoughts in her head of 'sexy' cloths. Sue grinned at Chris to rub in the fact that she had Carrie to herself for a day. The whole time Rita started thinking of ways to get closer to the sheep girl. X~X~X From the next room Dr. Taylor smiled to herself as she filled out paperwork. \"Ah to be young and in love again. I just hope the young dear can handle the three of them.\"[Chapter 3] \"Well someone's in a rush this morning.\" Margaret watched her daughter getting ready to leave. She told her that she was going to be at the mall with a friend, Suzy or something like that, today as was happy for Carrie. After her first day, she came back and told her all about it. She mentioned meeting so many different people, some friendly and others less so, and loved every second of it. Margaret was glad to know that her little girl wasn't having a hard time fitting in. \"I thought you said you and Susan were meeting up later?\" \"We are but I wanted to go see Chris today too.\" Carrie said brushing her fur. She was dressed in a flora dress and wearing a sunhat. Although having to cut out holes so that her horns could fit through was a hassle, she still thought it was worth it because she liked how cute it looked. \"I only going to talk to her for a while then take the bus downtown. I'll be fine momma.\" Margaret knew that their town was relatively small, but that didn't stop her from worrying. What mother wouldn't? So, hugging her she saw Carrie to the door. \"Call me if anything happens okay. Love you.\" \"I love you too momma.\" Carrie said riding her bike down the street. X~X~X \"Okay girl's that's enough take five!\" Rita yelled watching her team finish running drills. They were a lot better than last year and might even make it to regionals this time. There was just one problem. \"Hargensen that means you to!\" Chris was pushing her exercises harder than the others, well more so than usual. But she had her reasons. She got a text from Carrie saying that she'd be stopping by. Chris knew that she'd be stuck with practice for the whole afternoon and that Sue would be alone with Carrie. 'That damn fox better not try anything with her!' Chris thought angrily. She didn't want to think about how Sue would shamelessly flirt with Carrie. And even if the sheep girl herself was clueless to her advances, it made Chris want to punch her each time she groped her or hugged her for too long. \"Hey Chris. That girl is calling for you.\" Her human teammate said causing her to turn and see Carrie by the bleachers. Chris walked towards her while admiring her dress and how cute she looked in that hat. But she'd never say that aloud. \"Hello Chris, it looked like you were so focused out there. So-sorry if I distracted you.\" Even after a week she was still so shy that Chris was sure most of her time was spent with a light blush on her face. As if readying for the next embarrassing event. \"Naw its cool I was just finishing up a warm up. You should see me playing though, then I'll be sweating.\" The catgirl said puffing out her chest a little. \"No one can touch me on the field. I'm just too fast for them.\" \"Wow Chris you must be the best player here.\" Carrie said awestruck and starry-eyed. \"I wish I could be like you and have something like that. But I'm too nervous of messing up.\" She looked down at her hands. \"You got to have more confidence in yourself. You can't fail if you don't try Carrie. Plus, if anyone tries to mess with you I'll knock em out.\" She even balled up her fist for added effect. \"N-no no I don't want you to do something like that.\" She said shaking her head. \"But thank you for that. I'll try and find something I can be good at too.\" Chris was about to say something next, but Ms. Desjardin chose that time to blow the whistle. \"Crap looks like break times over. I'll text you later okay.\" The pair said goodbye as the sheep girl rode away and the catgirl ran back to center field. X~X~X \"I wonder where Sue is?\" Carrie had arrived at the spot Sue told to wait by, the fountain next to the entrance. What she didn't know was that Sue was sneaking up behind her until it was too late. \"Ahhhhhh!\" Soft hands were squeezing her breasts as she cried out and turned to see her kitsune friend smiling at her. \"Hey Carrie, I love your outfit. So, pretty and thin.\" One more squeeze and one more scream made Sue stop. 'Can have her drawing a crowd and ruin our fun.' \"S-Sue please don't scare me like that.\" She whined \"Sorry I just couldn't resist a chance to hug my fluffy sheep.\" Sue was grinning mischievously. \"Now come on let's go shopping first then food later.\" Sue dragged Carrie toward some clothing stores. \"Let's pick out something cute for you.\" X~X~X Their first stop was a trendy store filled with the latest fashion and styles. Carrie was overwhelmed by it at, especially the prices. \"Sue! I can buy anything here.\" A single outfit would cost her two months allowance. \"Don't worry about it. Why don't you try on this?\" Sue handed her a crop top and skinny jeans. \"I think you'll look so hot in this.\" Carrie's was flustered, but shook her head. Sue was about to grab another outfit when Carrie left for the dressing room with the first thing she could find. Which turned out to be a short-sleeve pink sweater and colorful skirt. \"This looks fine.\" After she changed and stepped out Sue quickly looked her over. \"Wow you look so adorable. Hang on I want to get a picture.\" And that's how the next hour went. They'd try on different cloths and Sue would take pictures of Carrie. Sometimes in embarrassing poses or outfits that Sue said made her look sexy. Thankfully they stopped by the food court to rest. Sue left Carrie at a table to buy their food. While she was waiting though, someone sat down at her table. \"Hello their gorgeous.\" She looked up and saw a tough looking human boy. \"Why is someone like you all alone? Wanna come hangout with me? We can have some 'fun' together.\" The sheep girl was uncomfortable to say the least. She didn't want to go with him. \"Um… no thank you. My friend is coming B-back so- \" \"Oh yeah well if she's hot like you she can come to.\" Before she could say anything, Sue came back. \"I think I'm more sexy than hot, plus I don't think she wants to go with you though.\" Sue put their lunch down and wrapped her arm around Carrie. The boy was about to say something, but the fox girl's slightly glowing eyes told him to not even bother. \"Whatever your loss.\" As he left the sheep girl thought heard him mutter something about 'losing to a lesbo.' \"Th-thank you Sue.\" \"No problem, you could have just told him to leave.\" The sheep girl looked down. \"I wanted to but I didn't want to be rude to him.\" Sue could only laugh at that. \"Wow Carrie your too nice for your own good. Careful there are people who will take advantage of that.\" X~X~X \"Okay last place for today is this one.\" Carrie looked up and felt her face instantly heat up. Why would they go here of all places? \"S-S-Sue this st-store is…is.\" She said as Sue pulled her in. \"Welcome to Victoria Secret ladies.\" A female employee said with a friendly smile. Carrie was a blushing mess looking at all the different lingerie and underwear. Sue however was completely fine and was even checking out the bra section. \"I think you would like this one.\" She showed here a frilly black bra. \"Or how about this?\" Next was a white one with a red ribbon in the middle. \"N-no way I-I ca-can't wear th-that.\" Carrie eventually left to the changing room with some modest panties and bras, and one pair of 'not so modest', which she hid from Sue to avoid more embarrassment. As she was in the middle of trying on a couple when Sue knocked on the door. \"Hey, I got some sleepwear for you to try, open up.\" Carrie, still in the sexy underwear, cracked open the door and reached for the nightie. Or would have if Sue hadn't pushed her way into the room with her. \"Damn Carrie didn't think you wore something like this.\" Sue said with a smirk as she walked away from a tomato-faced half naked sheep girl. This wasn't the first time she saw her half naked, but it was the first where she was wearing something like this. \"Um miss are you okay?\" the same employee asked. \"Your nose is bleeding.\" She handed her a tissue while Sue had an odd look on her face. \"I'm fine. I just caught a glimpse at heaven.\" The woman was confused by what she meant, but chalked it up to a demi human thing. X~X~X \"So how did it your day go sweetie.\" Margaret asked as her daughter walked into the house with a bag. \"Did you have fun?\" Carrie nodded quietly and walked to her room while hugging her bag to her chest. As if her momma could see through it and see the what she bought. She wasn't worried about the sweater, or the skirt, or jeans. But the near see-through nightie and the naughty bra and panties that Sue bought for her. After she put away her new cloths, she checked her phone and had a message from Sue and one from Chris. Sue asked if she was back home and safe. She replied that she was fine. And Sue told her to sleep tight in her new sexy panties. Carrie was sure she was blushing hard. While Chris asked if anything happened, she blushed even harder. I know this is shorter than normal, but next time will be Rita's turn with Carrie. Hope your all enjoying this.[Chapter 4] When Rita saw that it was her turn to run this Fridays detention she knew what to expect. Walking in she saw the usual attendees. The William merman brothers again likely for their pranks, Ginger, a harpy, most likely for flying in the halls again, and of course the human boy Billy Nolan for skipping class or smoking or whatever new thing he did. However, there was someone else here that she didn't expect to see. Walking over to the young girl who was bowing her head in embarrassment, Rita gently tapped her shoulder. \"Carrie. What are you doing here?\" The sheep girl looked up nervously, unsure of what to tell her teacher. She wasn't expecting to see Ms. Desjardin here and was worried that she was disappointed in her. \"I…I got i-in trouble Ms. Desjardin.\" She muttered looking away. Rita tried to figure out what she meant before she heard someone snickering. \"That's an understatement.\" Billy said have over heard the conversation. \"Little Bo Peep here started a food fight today.\" He said putting his feet on the desk. \"It was great you should have been there teach.\" The human boy laughed again. Several others were now talking about the 'epic' food fight from early, while Carrie was trying to sink even further into her seat. The look of humiliation was enough for Rita to act. A loud growl was all it took for them to shut up. Rita had a reputation for being quite scary when she wanted to be. \"Okay then if you all have nothing better to do than act like immature brats, then you can work while you're here. I want a three-page essay on why you all are here and are so bad at following the rules!\" That got a collective groan from the room. \"Or I can make it ten pages.\" No one even dared to speak. \"Good then have it finished by Monday or you'll be back here doing a twenty-page report. Now detention is dismissed, you can leave when your parents come to get you.\" That also got to response since most of them were here many times to know that to leave, you must get a call home and some form of punishment. Except Carrie who was even more worried now than before. She was hoping that her momma wouldn't fine out. Not that she would punish her harshly, but that she would be disappointed in her. And Rita could easily see it on her face and wanted to comfort her so badly. Sometimes being a teacher sucked. X~X~X It didn't take more than ten minutes for Mrs. White to arrive concerned for her daughter. When she got the call they only told her that she was involved in an incident at lunch. Walking to the classroom, she saw a merman yelling at two boys, merman as well, about how he was going to make the weekend hell for them. She walked passed and into the classroom to see her little lamb talk to a familiar face. \"Rita? Rita Desjardin?\" The wolf woman turned and saw an older sheep woman and smiled in disbelief. \"It is you little Rita. I didn't know that you taught here.\" \"Hey Mar, I thought Carrie might have been your daughter, but I didn't want to assume.\" Carrie was confused to say the least. How did her momma know Ms. Desjardin? The pair hugged for a second before Margaret remembered why she was here. Moving faster than Rita thought possible, she was at her daughter's side checking her for any injury. \"What happened Carrie? Did someone hurt you?\" She shook her head silently. \"N-no momma I… I'm fine but…\" She looked away with a blush. \"We were just about to talk about what happened today. I wasn't there so I wanted to hear it from Carrie.\" Both women looked to Carrie, silently waiting for her to explain what happened. The sheep girl sighed and began talking all the while embarrassed. X~X~X Carrie was in the cafeteria about to eat from her lunch tray. Since Sue was sick at home and Chris was skipping lunch train new players at practice, she was on her own today. Which was fine really, not that she didn't like spending time with her friends or anything, she just had time to read a new poetry book she got from the school library. However, while she was reading and enjoying her lunch, a familiar person snatched her book away. \" Looks who's all alone today. What happen your girlfriends dump you bitch?\" Summer said while three other girls laughed behind her. Two were human and the other was a monkey girl. Carrie was instantly worried they would do something to her. She knew that Chris had 'talked' to Summer a few weeks ago and from the looks she gave Carrie it was a pleasant one. \"I think it's time we finish what you started in the locker room!\" The lamia brought its large tail into the air and swung it down, aiming for Carrie's face. And she would have hit her to if Carrie hadn't of lowered her head in fear at the last second. Causing her to hit the sheep girl's lunch tray and make her food fly forward. The lunchroom was quiet as the tray hit the floor, save for a few gasps, and Carrie slowly looked up and was in shock. Her peanut-butter & jelly sandwich, applesauce and chocolate milk were now all over Summer's face. Not even her underlings spoke as she stood there fuming with anger for the girl that just publicly humiliated her. Before she did anything else, Carrie reached into her schoolbag and pulled out a handkerchief for Summer. \"I-I'm s-sorry Sum-.\" Before she could finish her apology, the snake girl wiped the food off her face and reached out to grab Carrie with her tail. Fortunately, the floor was wet and slippery under Summer's tail. Which caused her to slide across the floor and into another table. The crash caused the trays from that table to shoot across and hit a couple more kids in the face with food. Now the minute this happened, those kids picked up and threw handfuls at Carrie's side. Luckily, she ducked again, but the three girls with Summer were hit instead. Ignoring their first target, they each grabbed more food and slung it across the room, missing their new targets and hitting other bystanders. This started a chain-reaction that led to one boy yelling. \" FOOD FIGHT!\" For the next ten minutes, various food and drink were thrown thru the air. Avian demi humans were knocked from the sky. Aquatic ones hid in the water floor and used the element of surprise. Even normal humans could get in some good shots. All the while, Carrie hid under a table, surprisingly untouched, until the teachers came and ended the food fight. When asked who started it the first names were Carrie, Summer, and her goons. After a talk with the principle, Carrie was sent to detention while the others were sent home on suspension, this being their last and final warning to behave. X~X~X \"And th-that's what happened.\" Carrie had her head down with tears threatening to fall as the two women stared in bewilderment. From what they just heard, Carrie started a food fight without doing anything at all. It was almost enough to a funny story or a joke you'd brag about. But Carrie was clearly upset by the whole ordeal. \"A-are yo-you mad at m-me?\" \"Oh, darling you aren't in trouble and we're not mad.\" Her mother said wiping her tears away. Seeing that the girl was still confused Rita decided to talk next. \"Carrie, you aren't at fault here, Summer is and she has been suspended for it. Your fine Carrie.\" Rita smiled as Carrie slowly calmed down and even smiled a bit. \"I guess it sounds kind of funny when you think about.\" Margaret said hugging her daughter and laughing just thinking about how that fight must have went. \"Um momma?\" \"Yes.\" \"How do you and I mean Ms. Desjardin know each other?\" Rita was hoping this wouldn't come up. No doubt Margaret was going to bring up some of her more embarrassing moments. \"Oh w-we're old friends r-right Mar?\" unfortunately she had no luck today. \"Not quite dear but close.\" She turned to Carrie. \"I used to be in a community outreach group and young Rita hear was quite the repeat member. She used to be a bit of a troublemaker. I remember that time she sprayed very vulgar graffiti on the town hall with her friends. What did it say again Rita?\" Carrie saw that her wolf teacher had a small blush. \"Kiss My Lips.\" Margaret giggled. \"I don't remember it being 'lips' Rita but that's fine.\" After a few more minutes of reminiscing, Carrie and Margaret began to leave with Rita walking them out. Margaret turned to say goodbye, but something caught her eye. \"Hey Carrie, can you go on to the car I just need to talk to Rita for a second.\" Her daughter nodded and said a quick goodnight to her teacher and left them alone. Not a second later, Margaret turned to Rita again with a stern look that kind of worried Rita. \"You know I remember that you were also a heartbreaker to in the past. And I think I remember the type of girl you liked and the way you'd look at them. Almost like a hunter stalking prey.\" The sheep woman's tone was low and dark in stark contrast to her friendly smile. It was very unnerving to the wolf woman, scary even. \"Mar, I don't know wha-.\" Rita tried to explain, but Margaret simply ignored her. \"I try not to meddle with Carrie's life too much. She is going to be eighteen soon and she'll be a young adult then.\" Margaret then looked Rita directly in her eyes. \"But right now, she is still my precious little lamb and I will protect from anything or anyone that I think might hurt her.\" \"Mar, I would never-.\" She tried again to explain, but Margaret shut her up with a cold stare. \"You know Rita that fur of yours looks very good. If you come to my shop I could sheer it and make a nice warm hat for winter. I'm very good with a pair of scissors.\" Rita wouldn't deny that she was really scared and knew full well what her former mentor's threat was. With that said Margaret smiled and hugged the terrified wolf girl. \"Your tail looked especially fluffy Rita.\" Rita stood there frozen in fear as the mother and daughter left. 'As if things weren't bad enough now I had to worry about losing my tail.' But even with the threat of losing her tail and likely experiencing a lot of pain. She wasn't going to give up so easily. Sorry for the wait folks. I'll try to limit the time between chapters to less than two weeks because of work. Next chapter is Chris' turn.[Chapter 5] \"You ready Carrie?\" Chris asked her shy friend. The two were in the empty hallway of the school. Carrie was stuck between Chris and a door with nowhere to move. \"I don't know about this Chris. I-I've never done this before. What if I'm not good enough?\" Carrie looked away from Chris' intense gaze. Chris smiled a bit. \"Come on Carrie you said you wanted to do this and that you're ready this time. You can't keep backing out each time. Now are we going to do it the easy way or the hard way?\" Chris wasn't going to let her friend escape and left her wait again. \"Don't make me have to force you Carrie. This is happening right now whether you like it or not.\" With nowhere to run and her pleading not working, the sheep had no chose by to bury her embarrassment and nod her head to the cat. \"Okay your right Chris.\" With that done the pair walked into a nearby classroom to finally start what Carrie had wanted for a while and what Chris was really looking forward to. Today was the day that Carrie joined a club. X~X~X There first stop was the book club. They were looking for new members and Carrie liked to read a lot, so Chris thought it'd be prefect for her. \"Hey! you still need a new member?\" Chris asked with Carrie looking around the room in amazement at the large quantity of books. A human boy with short brown hair stood from his group table. \"Oh yes we are. Thank you for wanting to join. Most folks aren't so into reading dusty old books.\" He walked over to the girls smiling. \"I'm Marcus, are you both joining?\" \"Nope just Carrie here.\" At the sound of her name the sheep girl just noticed that she was lost in thought. With redden cheeks she nodded. \"She's been thinking of joining a club and thought this would be okay.\" \"Perfect we were in the middle of read this month's group book if you want to read and discuss it with it with us we can have you signed up afterwards.\" Carrie nodded again, still too shy and excited to talk, as she and Chris sat down and were given a copy of a book that the sheep girl has never heard of. Chris however did and went beet red. The cover was a large clue, but the name was all the proof she needed. 50 Shades of Grey was the book. One of the club members, harpy girl, spoke up. \"Have you read this before Carrie?\" \"N-no I haven't at least I don't think so the title sounds familiar.\" \"Not surprised most don't read this kind of thing, but it's a lot better than most give it credit for.\" Marcus said. Carrie was skimming though it while Chris was freaking out. 'There's no way she can stay in this club if this is the kind of stuff they read.' \"Chris have you read this before?\" Carrie asked without looking away from the erotic novel. Chris didn't answer but knew that she did read one or two parts at night. There was no way she'd tell anyone that she'd read more four chapter and loved it. She couldn't let her innocent friend read this kind of stuff. Wordlessly Chris got up and grabbed Carrie's hand and left. Making sure to leave the dirty books behind. \"I don't think that you should join that club Carrie.\" The sheep girl was confused and wanted to ask why, but Chris' blushing face and firm grip told her not to. \"Let's try another one.\" As they walked, Chris couldn't stop thinking of her and Carrie in the book. Carrie with her hands bound and blindfolded. Completely vulnerable and at Chris' mercy. Chris would hurt her just a little then tease her until the poor sheep girl begged her for real pleasure. Pleasure that only Chris could give her and her alone. And she'd love every second of it and even train Carrie so that her slightest touch is enough to… \"Um Chris are you okay?\" The catgirl snapped out of her fantasy to the real Carrie looking at her with concern. Chris didn't even notice they had stopped or that her nose was bleeding. \"Oh, um yeah I'm fine Carrie.\" Chris then redoubled their trip to the next club all the while banishing any bad thought away. X~X~X \"Welcome to the gardening club. Are you here to sign up?\" A tall lizard girl with bright blue scales asked the girls. \"Names Julia I run tend to the school's gardens with the other members.\" Chris saw the others working away diligently. Though she'd never been here before, the fresh air and beautiful flowers and plants was refreshing. \"Yeah my friend was thinking of joining.\" While Chris and Julia talked for a bit, they noticed that Carrie was staring at a variety of cute flowers. She had to admit though, Carrie looked adorable and Chris was already lost in though. Carrie would walk up to Chris covered in dirt and soil. Her face red from excited nerves and wanting for Chris' response. \"I g-gr-grew these for you C-Chris. It's a bouquet of roses, orchids, a-and asters. The-they mean l-l-l-l-lo-lo-lo-lov…\" I was too much for the sheep to say, but Chris knew what she meant to say. The catgirl took the flowers from her and smelled them. \"They smell great. I love them Carrie.\" Carrie let out a sigh of relief. Until Chris leaned forward and was very close to her face. \"And I love you too.\" Chris moved closer and… \"Chris. Hey Chris! CHRIS!\" Julia shook Chris out of her fantasy. She looked kind of silly with a blush and goofy look on her face. \"Huh what?\" She asked confused. \"I you and that girl have to leave now. She is not going to be joining our club anytime soon.\" Julia said sternly. Okay now Chris was really confused. Why wasn't Carrie allowed to join. She was quiet and not very outgoing, but that shouldn't mean that she couldn't join them. That is until Chris looked over and saw the sheep girl. \"Those plants took months to a full year for us to grow them that health. And in three minutes she has eaten all of them.\" True enough, Carrie sat with petals on her month and a guilty face with dirty hands. Chris sighed and walked out with the sheep girl. \"I'm sorry Chris. I just couldn't help myself; they just looked so lovely and good. It's hard being a sheep girl, sometimes we can't help ourselves.\" As Carrie went on with her apologies, Chris was stuck with the thought that this would be a long day. X~X~X \"So, for you to join the Drama club we need to see you practice a few lines.\" Chris remembered that Luke, a dog boy, said this when they had come in a few minutes ago. And now the sheep girl on stage with the catgirl. At this point Sue would have to go to the nurse's office later due to blood loss from all the nosebleeds she had. The latest one was because of the scene they had to reenact right now. A very romantic scene from some play they were making on their own, she didn't care what it was. \"Um I don't think I c-can do this Ch-Chris.\" Carrie whispered and her face burning red. \"This will be easy Carrie just read your lines and follow my lead. Plus, this can help with your shyness.\" 'Even though it makes you so much cuter.' Chris chastised herself for that one, but knew that if she could join the Drama club then it would help her more in the long run. Make her less meek and more confident. \"I'll start us off.\" For this scene, Chris was playing the role of a young human male who was about to confess to his female goblin friend his true feelings for her. The worst, or best, part was that they had to end it with a kiss. \"Isabelle thank you for coming out to meet me.\" Chris said in a deep voice. \"I know its late but there's something I have to tell you.\" \"Wh-What is it Chr- I mean Derek?\" Carrie said with her face buried in her papers. \"We've been friends for a long time now and I feel like there's something that I have to…no need to tell you.\" Chris was getting more nervous as she got closer to the bottom of the page. \"The true is I've had feeling for you for a while now. Strong feeling that I can't hold back anymore.\" The sheep girl was not only blushing incredibly hard, but also could feel her heart going a mile a minute. \"W-W-What do y-y-y-you me-me-mean?\" she knew she had messed up the line but how could she not given what Chris was about to do next. \"I…I'll show you rather than simply telling you.\" Chris looked up from her script at Carrie clutching hers tightly in front of her face. 'I guess it's now or never Chris.' She moved Carrie's hands down and held them softly. 'Is it wrong that I want to enjoy this so much.' Chris closed her eyes and leaned forward to kiss Carrie gently on the lips. BAM Or she would have if Carrie hadn't of passed out before she was even three inches from her face. With a sigh Chris bent down to check on her friend. \"Well that was something new.\" Luke said. \"We've had person with stage-fright, forget their lines, even a couple of poor improv performances. Never someone fainting from a kiss scene.\" As Chris tried to wake up Carrie, she knew that the spotlight was too much for her and that acting wasn't something she could do right now. X~X~X \"I'm sorry Chris. You tried to help me but I'm just no good. I can't do anything special like you or Sue can.\" It was only a few minutes before the clubs would be done for the day and they had tried nearly all of them at this point. Tennis, Space, Debate, Video Games, Workshop, even Chess. But, for one reason or another, the sheep girl just couldn't get the hang of it and was now becoming depressed. \"It's not your fault Carrie.\" They were now taking a break and eating lunch in a stairway. \"I just know that theirs' something here that your good at.\" Chris was eating a cookie while thinking of a new club to try with so little time left. \"Maybe the Dance club or the Occult club. Hey how do you feel about supernatural stuff?\" Carrie looked over while biting into her salad. \"Isn't that stuff about scary things like summoning demons and moving things with your mind? I think that's too much for me.\" \"Yeah maybe your right.\" Chris reached for another cookie. \"Man, these cookies are great. Where did you buy them from there delicious?\" \"Oh, I didn't, I-I made them myself.\" She blushed at the compliment. \"Wait you made thes…\" It then hit Chris that there was still one club they haven't been to yet. She quickly got up and dragged Carrie down the hall to the next, and hopefully last, club. X~X~X \"I don't know Chris we have an open slot, but couldn't this have waited until tomorrow?\" Tina, one of Chris' friends and a bunny girl, complained. \"We were about to start cleaning up.\" \"I know but just let her try and make one thing and then you can decide to let her join after you've tasted it.\" Chris brought them to the Cooking club in the hope that Carrie could show off her cooking skills. It was a longshot, but she had faith that this would work. \"Plus, you owe me for hooking you up with that guy on the basketball team.\" \"Okay okay but one dish and you have to clean up after.\" Tina demanded and Chris easily agreed. Carrie however was nervous again and feared messing things up for Chris and her friend. But Chris told her to try her best and that's what she'd do. With an apron on and some ingredients ready, Carrie got started. After six minutes went by, she was done. The whole time Chris and the others watched in amazement. Carrie had never liked so focused and she seem to be at ease at the same time. With a fresh batch of cupcakes ready, each member tried one. \"Man, this is great.\" Angie a human girl told her. \"I love the chocolate frosting you used!\" Liz a frog girl exclaimed. \"How did you even make something this good?\" Sam a human boy said. Even Tina had to agree that this was amazing. She never knew a first timer could make something that was burnt or undercooked on their first try. She was originally going to let the sheep girl join and start her on prep and cleaning, but now she'd be crazy not to have her on the oven. \"Okay I'm sold. We'll have to wait until tomorrow to make it official but you are totally going to be our newest member Carrie.\" She didn't know what to say other than a teary \"thank you\" to each person. Chris couldn't be happier for her friend and didn't try to hide it like normal. On their walk home, Carrie was excited to tell her mama about today. Chris was glad that it worked out and thought of something else too. \"You know I expect you to make me something tasty sometime Carrie.\" She couldn't stop the blush so she opted for simply turning away. Carrie was slightly confused by this though. \"But I was already going to make you something as a thank you Chris. Just tell me what you'd like and I'll try my best to make it fresh for you.\" Now Chris was really blushing as her mind came up with one more fantasy. Walking into the kitchen, Chris smelled the delicious aroma of food and was drooling more so at what she saw. Her girlfriend dressed in nothing but an apron and preparing breakfast for the two. Hearing her walk in, Carrie turns and smiles while blushing. \"Good morning dear. I'm almost done but is there anything else you'd like?\" Chris didn't say anything but walked over and grabbed the sheep girl's hips, earning her a gasp, then kissing her neck. Listening to her moans she stopped on to say one quick thing. \"How about first I eat you then breakfast?\" She then went back to kissing her neck and enjoying Carrie's cries of pleasure. Back in reality, Carrie was worried that Chris was sick because her nose was bleeding again and she had a dazed, almost blissful, look about her. Hey thanks for continuing to read this and for the reviews ans favs. Really lets me know you all are liking this story. Next chapter will be here before you know it.[Chapter 6] Hello everybody sorry for the late update. I got a switch and have been playing Arms and Splat2, but other than that please enjoy. \"Okay everyone before you go I have an announcement. For this year the school festival will be led by our class. I'll let you all use the rest of the day to plan it out. You have until the end of the day to decide on a captain and a theme. Then the rest of the week and next week to prepare.\" Rita said as she started grading papers. While the class was excited about the upcoming festival, Carrie however was worried. She had never done anything like this and didn't want mess up. \"So, what should we do this year?\" Someone asked. \"Can't do a scavenger hunt since class 3-C said they had dibs.\" \"What about carnival games like ring toss or baseball throwing?\" \"We did that last year plus that stuff is hard to make.\" \"An eating contest would be fun, but then we'd need a lot of food.\" The class erupted into various ideas and was getting louder. Carrie wanted to help but she didn't have any ideas herself, until it hit her. She quietly raised her hand, too timid to interrupt the group. Being too shy girl in class, the others stopped talking to hear what she had to say. \"Um.\" She was nervous thanks to the sudden attention on her. \"M-Maybe we could run a c-café?\" she knew it was selfish of her to ask when everyone was quiet. Cooking is something that she's good at and she didn't want to do something that would make her a burden to everyone. When no one talked she started to apologize. \"That could work. I mean nobody's done that before, right?\" Chris said. \"For once I agree with you Chris.\" She said then turned to Carrie. \"What a great idea Carrie.\" Even the others had to agree that it was a nice plan. The sheep girl was glad that her classmates like her idea. They started talking about what good and drink to serve when somebody said. \"How about we add something to make it more fun.\" One boy suggested. \"I'm thinking that it would be better if it was a maid café.\" That got everyone's attention, especially the guys. \"You all just want to do that because your all perverts!\" One girl said with the others sounding off in agreement. This caused the two sides to start arguing. Until someone came up with another idea. \"How about a maid and butler café?\" While is boys weren't excited about dressing up, they were willing to do it if it meant see the girls in sexy maid outfits. With that done and over with everyone broke off into groups to get everything done. \"Way to go Carrie!\" One girl said. \"I thought we'd be here forever. But why a café?\" She asked with the others surrounding the sheep girl. \"Oh, um be-because I wanted to be helpfully. I'm not good at much. So, um I hope that it isn't too much for everyone.\" The others were amazed by how adorably cute Carrie was being. How could anyone be mad at that face. Meanwhile as all of this was happening. Three ladies were having very similar thoughts without realizing it. Of their sheep girl in a French maid outfit. Each one had dream Carrie as her usual innocent self but in very not so innocent scenarios. With Chris, it was her serving her and calling her 'mistress' each time, causing her to get a nose bleed. For Sue, Carrie sat on her lap while feeding her, this made Sue start drooling with a very weird happy look on her face. Lastly Rita, started out by having Carrie against a wall and using her arm to block her exit. \"I'm going to eat you now.\" She said lustfully. She leaned down closer to kiss her, but Carrie stopped her. \"Okay but I'm going to eat you first.\" Carrie then pulled Rita down into a passionate kiss. Rita was a blushing mess. Breaking from their fantasies, the girls each shared a new goal. The make maid Carrie a reality. X~X~X On the day of the festival and just before they were about to start, there were no shortage of problems for Carrie's class. First the dress that she was going to wear was made shorter than the others. Thanks to Chris giving them the wrong size for her dress. Then Tina told her that she'd be serving instead of cooking. Thanks to Sue paying her off. And lastly, she would be going around the festivals other areas to get more people with her teacher and friends, because the other girl had something else to do. Thanks to Rita letting the go have fun at the festival. Now Carrie was in the back getting dressed in the other girls when she noticed something. \"Um why is everyone staring?\" All the girls were awe-struck by how adorable Carrie looked. \"Is there something wrong? I don't like ridiculous, do I?\" She said adjusting her headband. \"C-Cute.\" Chris whispered. \"So hot.\" Sue said. \"…\" Rita was speechless, but quickly shook her head and snapped out of it. \"Okay everybody let's get out there and kick ass!\" Rita was going to have to get out here before she did something she'd regret. X~X~X \"Welcome to our cafe.\" It was almost 2:00 and the festival was going great. Rita's café attraction was doing well. Carrie was glad Rita was her with her greeting customers. She was so friendly and easy to talk to. She wasn't scaring anymore and Carrie felt safe around her somehow. \"How are you doing Carrie? You need a break?\" \"Oh no I'm okay Ms. Desjardin.\" \"You know Carrie you can call me Rita if you want I don't mind.\" \"Really um I don't know.\" Rita smiled had her blushing face. \"It's okay Carrie really, but if you don't have to force yourself if you don't want to.\" Just then Chris walked passed them into outside. With Sue following close behind. Both holding and basket of treats Tina made earlier. \"Hey, Carrie can you give us a hand?\" \"Oh yes um…\" She was about to leave but turned back to Ms. Desjardin. She just smiled. \"It's okay Carrie we'll talk later.\" She petted the sheep girl on her head. And didn't miss Chris' hair standing up or Sue's tails swinging around violently. 'Hmm that's interesting.' Carrie giggled. \"Okay I'll be back soon…Rita.\" With that the three left and Rita felt her heart thumping in her chest so hard she thought they heard it. While the sheep, cat, and fox girls were outside, they didn't notice someone watching them. Or more precisely, watching Carrie. X~X~X \"So, what was that all about Carrie?\" Chris asked. \"Um what do you mean Chris?\" \"You know with you and Ms. Desjardin or is it Rita now.\" Chris didn't mean for that to come off so harsh, but she couldn't help it. \"You two have been getting awfully close lately.\" Sue couldn't her but agree with her. Now that she thought about Carrie was spending a lot of time with their wolf teacher when she wasn't with them or her club. \"You're not cheating on me are you Carrie?\" Carrie and Chris both stopped and exclaimed. \"Wh-What!\" Sue giggled and hugged Carrie. \"Just kidding but your faces are priceless.\" Both girls were blushing red, Chris from wanting to smack her stupid fox friend, and Carrie from thinking of her and Sue in that way. \"Ugh will you stop with the dumb jokes.\" Chris did her usual task of separating the two before Sue did something else to embarrass them. \"Carrie wouldn't want to date some horny fox girl like you.\" \"Oh?\" Both girls got chest-to-chest and tried to stare each other down. \"And I suppose she'd like a flat boyish girl like you?\" The trio was starting to draw looks from nearby and the sheep girl was worried that her friends would start fighting. \"Really Sue?\" Someone said behind them quickly getting their attention. \"You shouldn't make that face in such a cute outfit.\" A boy with sandy blonde hair and large bat wings coming out of his back stood wearing the school uniform. Sue and Chris immediately turned and shoot him a hard glare. \"What do you want Tommy?!\" Tommy, the bat boy, simply smirked. \"Just enjoying the culture festival and the view. Love the frills Chris you should dress up more often.\" Chris was fuming at this point and Sue was not far behind. \"But more importantly who's this?\" He gently took Carrie's hand and kissed her knuckle. While Carrie was stunned and blushing with her heart beat increasing. Chris and Sue snapped. With their tails thrashing violently and eyes going to slits. Both girls lunged forward. \"Get away from her!\" They screamed. In an instant, Rita was between Carrie and her enraged friends having caught both their fists. \"I think you two should calm down and remember that fighting on school grounds is not allowed.\" She turned to Tommy. \"And you Mr. Ross, I think its best if you leave.\" Tommy just smirked \"We'll chat some other time my lovely.\" And left without another word. 'Fucking bitches.' He wished he could say. X~X~X \"Care to explain what that was about?\" Rita questioned. She brought the three girls back to her classroom and wanted answers. \"I don't mind it when you two argue with each other, but I draw the line at starting fights.\" Neither girl spoke and Carrie was worried for them. Finally, Sue spoke. \"It's personal okay Ms. Desjardin, but it won't happen again.\" Rita looked at Chris next. Chris didn't say anything, but she sighed and muttered a quick sorry. Rita didn't like convinced but decided to drop it for now. \"Okay will for now you both are off the hook but you have to stay after and help clean.\" Chris and the others just got up and left. The walk and the rest of the day was spent clean in silence between the trio. Carrie was worried about her friends and wanted to do something to cheer them up, when she got an idea. \"Um since it's the weekend um I was wondering if you wanted to come over my house for a slumber party.\" That got their attention. \"It's okay with my momma and we can stay up late and play games and talk and watch tv…\" As Carrie continued to list off their planned evening, Sue and Chris looked at each other then back at the rambling sheep girl. \"Sure, why not.\" \"Of course.\" \"Count me in.\" Both girls were alarmed by Tina behind them. \"I can come to, right?\" \"Yes of course. I was going to come ask you too Tina.\" \"Great is it okay if I invite my girlfriends.\" Carrie nodded, looking starry eyed. And the two started talking about meeting up at Carrie's house to setup everything. Meanwhile, the cat and fox girl were both sulking about having more people between them and their sheep girl. Next time is a sleepover and some revelations. Shoutout to Eevee101 for making sure I finished this chapter and got back to typing. See ya soon.[Chapter 7] Carrie was rushing back and forth from her room and the living room for nearly two hours now and both Margaret was slightly worried. She was happy her little lamb was having friends over, but if she kept moving like this then she'd exhaust herself before they arrived. \"Carrie slow down everything will be fine. You're going to start a fire if you keep moving so fast.\" Carrie had finished cleaning her bedroom and was now setting up the living room. \"I'm sorry momma but I'm really nervous that they won't like it. Chris and Sue said they've been to tons of sleepovers and I just want my first one to be as good.\" Carrie said while trying to move the couch. Just then there was a knock at the door and Margaret when to get it while her daughter continued trying to move the heavy couch. \"Hello, you must be one of Carrie's friends. I'm her mother Margaret.\" \"Yes, I'm Tina one of her cooking club members. Pleased to meet you.\" The two shared a quick hug and Margaret let Tina inside. \"Oh, wow Carrie you work fast. And here I was ready to help you out.\" The sleep girl was breathing hard on the now moved couch and was too tired to be embarrassed about anything right now. \"She's been like this all day I'm afraid. But if you'd like there is still something to be done that you can help me with while this one goes and takes a bath.\" Carrie about to protest, but one stern look from her mother and she quietly walked up stairs to wash up. Her momma could be scary when she needed to be. X~X~X After a long relaxing bath Carrie got dressed in her pajamas, a cream color long-sleeve top and bottoms with white fluffy clouds, and started walking down the stairs. By now the others had arrived and the sun was starting to set. Carrie saw Chris talking with her momma and Sue with two tiger girls she hadn't meet yet. Tina came out the kitchen with a platter of chips and dip and spotted Carrie. \"Hey Carrie.\" The others all stopped and turned to her and caused her to blush from being the center of attention. Sue pulled her down and over to the two girls. \"Carrie this is Nikki and Lizzie; Tina's girlfriends.\" Both were tiger girls and twins from what she could tell, although there were differences. Nikki orange fur with black stripes and golden eyes. Lizzie had white fur with black stripes and blue eyes. Both girls were even dresses differently with Nikki looking more like rough and tough and Lizzie looking very academic and disciplined. Both girls looked the same, but very different too. \"Hello. Thank you for inviting us.\" Lizzie said while her sister just nodded. \"Please excuse my dear sister, she's just shy around new people.\" Nikki rolled her eyes at Lizzie and walked over to Tina. Sue and Lizzie started talking about something else, but Carrie was focused on Tina and Nikki. Nikki whispered something to her and Tina smiled and nodded. Then out of nowhere. Nikki kissed her! On the lips! And Tina was kissing back! The pair separated and Tina went back to the kitchen and Nikki turned and caught the staring sheep girl blushing hard. Noticing she was caught, Carrie rushed to Chris' side and tried to talk about anything to distract her from what she saw. Now Carrie was so sheltered that she was chaste, but she had never someone do that in front of her that wasn't in a movie or tv show. 'Was it okay for them to do that when anyone could see? Is it rude that I was staring? Maybe I should apologize to them.' Carrie turned to look for Nikki when Chris stopped her. \"Hey, did you hear me Carrie?\" \"Oh, sorry Chris I was um…\" Carrie didn't know what to say. That she saw Tina and Nikki kissing or that she was caught doing it. \"Um I was thinking about starting the party now.\" Carrie was sad that she lied, but was too embarrassed to tell the truth. Chris however could tell that she is lying, and was very bad at hiding it. But she would let it slide for now and talk with her later. X~X~X After a while Margaret announced that she was going to be leaving soon. She was going to visit some friends for a night on the town, but left the girls with one warning since Carrie was out of the room. \"If anything happens to my little lamb. Then sheer you all bare and leave you in the woods for six weeks.\" The scariest part was that she said it with a sweet motherly smile. And when Carrie came to hug her goodbye she glared at each girl, focusing more so on Sue and Chris. Now that it was getting late, Carrie and Tina went into the kitchen to get the rest of the food while the others left to get changed. Carrie took this as a chance to apologize. \"Tina, I um I…\" The human girl looked at her friend. \"I'm sorry.\" Tina was even more confused than before. Carrie was looking down as she continued \"I saw you and Nikki ki-kissing and I couldn't help but stare. I know it was wrong but I um...\" Tina had stopped her before the poor girl face got any redder. \"That's nothing to be sorry for Carrie. I guess it might have been kind of too much to start making out in your living-room.\" Tina giggled. The two girls laughed it off and brought the food out. Carrie's guests were already changed, well most of them were. Chris was in the middle of changing and was standing in her panties pulling up her bottoms while topless. Chris stopped and stared at the girls, but she was focused on the sheep girl who looked like a fire hydrant right now. In a blur, Chris was dressed and sitting in front of the tv, trying to hide her blushing face. Carrie tried her best to forget that she saw Chris' breasts and the fact she had light blue panties on. Thankfully the others were trying to start up a movie and didn't notice. \"Okay so what do you girls wanna watch first?\" Sue said. \"The romantic comedy 'Cat and Mouse', or that new horror movie 'Bloodsuckers 3'? I don't really care which one we see.\" \"Horror please.\" Nikki said with her sister nodding along. \"No way, I hate scary movies.\" Tina shook her head. \"Okay Carrie it's your party. We'll watch whatever you wanna see?\" Chris suggested. \"Personally, I wanna watch the blood one cause I've seen the other ones too.\" Carrie didn't really want to see a scary movie, especially in the dark at night, but she did want to at least try and be brave like Chris. Maybe then she could stand up for herself and not need her friends or Rita to save her. And step one was this. 'Plus, I wasn't going to be alone if it got too spooky for me.' She thought. \"Um we can watch Bloodsuckers 3 if that's okay with you girls?\" She knew that this was the right chance after seeing Chris, Lizzie, and Nikki smile or simply nod in agreement. Tina was less happy but just shook her head and sat on the floor and wrapped a blanket around herself like a protective shell. The tiger sisters giggled and sat next to her on both sides. Sue started the movie and laid down on the couch. After turning off the lights, Carrie sat down behind Tina and hugged a pillow to her chest with Chris sitting next to her. \"Don't worry it's not that bad.\" She reassured the sheep girl. X~X~X Chris was having a hard time watching the movie. Not that it was anything great. Just your typical college kids get to a castle for a party and get killed by monster vampires in the dumbest ways possible. Like who really thinks it's a good idea to make out in a crypt with a coffin in the middle of the room. No, her problem wasn't the awful writing or bad acting. It was Carrie hugging her tightly whenever she got scared, which was a lot of the time. Chris had taken to holding her after 20 minutes when she saw her flinching and make sharp gasps in fear. 'She must have forced herself to watch this to try and make us have a good time.' Chris had no problem making her friend feel safe, but the problem was that Carrie was so scared that she didn't know where she was grabbing. She had her arms around her waist and her face close to her chest, plus she had a habit of hiding her head between the cat girls breast whenever she got really scared. Causing Chris' face to redden and her tail to sway wildly in excitement. There was another silver-lining though. And that was Sue. The fox girl had taken glances at the pair for a while now and let's just say she was not happy. If the hard glares and low growls weren't enough to show her distaste for they're closeness. Then her constant fidgeting was obvious that something was bothering her. Even Lizzie noticed after a while and asked her quietly about it. Sue said her was fine, but Lizzie knew better after turning to see the source of Sue's discomfort. 'So that's it huh. Well I understand how that feels. Hope you can win her over or maybe just do what I did.' The snow tiger girl thought turning back to the movie and holding Tina trembling hand. X~X~X After the movie was over, they started decided to skip the other film and start playing some games. After playing team Monopoly and Sorry, Nikki suggested Truth or Dare. The game started innocent enough at first. Nikki had to revel that she had once filled the school waterways with pink lemonade with her sisters help and got them both detention for three months. Chris had to swap her t-shirt and boy short for Sue's 'girly' pj's, which to her might as well be lingerie, much to both their annoyance. But that all changed when it was Tina's turn to ask Carrie. \"So, Carrie Truth or Dare?\" \"Um Dare.\" She said all smiles. \"Okay I dare you to kiss someone on the lips.\" The sheep girls face was so red you could feel heat coming from her. She hadn't kissed anyone like that except her momma, and that didn't really count. \"Come Carrie you gotta do it or face the penalty.\" She knew exactly what that was. They had all agreed that whoever didn't tell the truth or do a dare had to stay topless the rest of the night. And that was probably more embarrassing then the dare. Carrie looked around the room. Tina and Nikki were out since they are a couple and it'd be more that rude to kiss someone else girlfriend, especially if there watching. She didn't want to make things awkward for Sue or Chris by kissing either of them without their blessing. And she didn't think Nikki would be okay with her kissing her sister Lizzie. \"Um d-do I have to it's m-my first-time k-kissing?\" She stammered. For some strange reason, nobody was shocked by this reveal. So instead Tina took mercy on the poor girl. \"Okay if that's the case then it's time for Truth. So, Carrie who do you like?\" By now the fox and cat girls were on the edge of their seats. Both had plans to ask Carrie this at some point, but didn't want the other to know. Carrie took and moment then smiled brightly. \"Oh, that's easy. I like Chris and Sue of course, oh and my momma and Ri… I mean Ms. Desjardin is great too. Oh yeah and there the club and…\" As Carrie went on naming nearly everybody she'd ever meet. Chris facepalmed and Sue let out a long sigh. 'Of course, she'd be this innocent to know what that question means.' They both thought together. \"Um no Carrie that's not what I meant.\" Carrie stopped and looked confused. \"I meant who do you 'like' like? You know, have a crush on?\" As the realization dawned on her, Carrie took a moment to think. There were many people she liked that way, if any. Except for memory of how Chris and Sue made her feel. Sure, Chris was rough around the edges and Sue could be a little be much sometimes, but she had to wonder if her feelings for them might stretch pass mere friendship. Even Rita, who was scary and intimidating at first, made her feel nice to be around. 'Wait what am I thinking?' She shook her head. 'They're my friends and teacher. Plus, it'd be wrong to lead them on like that.' \"Um I can't say for sure. I um don't really know who I like.\" That wasn't exactly a lie but it was the best she could do for now. \"Hmm okay that's fair for now I guess. Your turn Carrie.\" \"Oh, okay um Lizzie Truth or Dare.\" \"Let go with Truth this time.\" Not really knowing what to ask, Carrie simply repeats the same question. \"Okay who you have a crush on.\" Lizzie looked confused for a second and turned to Tina. \"I thought you told her?\" Tina shrugged her shoulders and blushed a bit. \"I did just not in so many words.\" Nikki chuckled and Lizzie just sighed. \"Honestly you need to be clearer with people like this.\" Without another word Lizzie leaned over and pulled Tina into a passionate kiss. Carrie's eyes grew huge at what she was watching. 'But she…and Nikki…I thought that…wha-what…' The two pulled away as the sheep girl's brain was overheating trying to figure this out. \"B-B-B-But y-y-you and Ni-Nikki!\" Tina's blush deepens as Nikki spoke up. \"Me and Liz are dating Tina together.\" She stated as if it was the simplest thing in the world. \"We got tired of fight each other for Tina's affections. So, we came up with a compromise and this is it.\" Lizzie added. Carrie was baffled and looked to Chris and Sue for help. But the girls weren't even stunned by the news. Chris, noticing her confusion explained. \"They have been together for a year now and not many people know. Sue and I have known Tina since we were kids and she asked us to help keep it a secret.\" Sue nodded along. Tina looked at Carrie with a fearful look. \"I'm sorry for not being honest with you Carrie but I didn't want you to think I was weird or a perv or something. I love them and they love me. I just don't want to ruin our friendship.\" Lizzie wraps an arm around her in comfort and Nikki shifts a little and looks at the sheep girl waiting for her response. Carrie reached out and hugged Tina. \"I'm sorry. I don't think it's weird or anything just that I wasn't excepting something like that. I want us to still be friends too Tina.\" The two continued to embrace for a bit longer. \"Okay how about a different game.\" Tina said while rubbing her eyes a little. X~X~X The rest of the night was a blast for the girls. Carrie and Tina had become closer than before. Now they all were starting to get tired and decided to turn in. it was no surprise that the human and two tiger girls were going to sleep together. The human and two tiger girls fused their sleeping bags together and took the living room floor. While the sheep, cat and fox girls went to Carrie's room to sleep. \"I'll be back I just need to go to the bathroom.\" As so as she left Chris and Sue turned to each other. \"Okay one of use is taking the floor and it isn't gonna be me.\" Chris challenged. \"Oh, and why so eager to sleep next to Carrie hmm?\" Sue's teasing tone got the reaction she wanted. \"I merely was going to sleep in my own bag but now I think I should be next to the precious little lamb otherwise you might attack her in her sleep.\" Chris had walked right into that and it pissed her off. \"Oh, please you take any chance you can get to feel her up and grope her. I'm more afraid of what a slutty fox like you will try even with me here.\" That stuck a nerve and caused Sue's tails to twitch. Before they could start a fight, Carrie came back. \"Sorry for the wait. Let's go to bed.\" The sheep girl yawned and got under the covers, waving the two girls over. \"Come on there's enough room for all of us.\" After some time, the girls were resting comfortably. While one was anyway. Carrie was sound asleep between Sue and Chris who were wide awake. The problem was that Carrie liked to move around in her sleep. Currently she was rubbing her face against Sue's chest and had Chris trapped between the wall and her butt rubbing against pelvis. \"This is torture.\" Chris whispered to Sue. The fox girl wasn't used to being on the receiving end and Chris wasn't fairing any better. Both girls knew they were in for a long sleepless night. X~X~X \"Good morning everyone.\" Margaret called out. She had just come home to the girls eating breakfast while watching tv. Everyone looked like they had a fun time last night, except for the fox and cat girls. They almost looked like zombies. 'They must have slept next to Carrie.' Margaret knew how her daughter gets when she used to come and sleep in her bed after having a bad dream or in a thunderstorm. Mrs. White walked over to the exhausted girl and whispered. \"Can't even count how many times I woke up to a foot in my face or her kicking me off the bed. Please don't hold it against her.\" Chris chuckled. \"Yeah she really likes to rub on you a lot too.\" \"And grab and squeeze a lot.\" Sue added. Thanks for the faves and follows folks. I think that's good on the setup so let's move on to some love with Rita first. Please leave a review and tell me your thoughts on the story so far or maybe what you'll like to see in it. See ya soon.[Chapter 8] Rita was having a hard time in recent weeks. Try as she might, she didn't know what to do about Carrie White. It was like she was trying to test her duty as a teacher and as an adult with that adorableness of hers. She took another drink to try and let her head drop on the counter. \"Hey if you're going to mope then go home and drink.\" Rita was at a bar, drinking away her sorrows. Pink Tails was a lesbian bar for all species, and her bar of chose for two reasons. Tons of cute girls and cheap drinks from her best friend. \"Honestly I've never seen you this broken up over a girl. Especially one you're not even talking to!\" Sara yelled as she poured her another drink. She was a human girl with long brown hair currently tied in a low ponytail. Rita mumbled into the counter. \"Just go fuck her and call it a day.\" Rita sighed and shook her head. Sara was confused. The Rita she knew never looked like this. She took a guess to what was bugging her. Snatching her drink and pouring it out got the wolf girls attention. \"Okay tell me what's wrong. Is she with someone already?\" \"No.\" \"Butch?\" Rita laughed that one off. Both ladies knew Rita was the dom in all her past relationships. \"Okay not that. Is she straight?\" Sara guessed. Rita was about to answer but stopped. \"Huh…I don't really know, but that's not the problem. She's 17 and to damn innocent.\" Sara nodded in understanding. She'd heard plenty of stories of ladies trying to seduce girls, only to find out that they were younger then they look. \"What do you mean by 'innocent'?\" \"Remember that woman I told you about from a couple years ago. The one who helped me get my life together.\" Sara nodded. \"Well she's her daughter and has been homeschooled and sheltered for the most of her life. She probably hasn't even kissed anyone yet!\" Rita leaned forward to whisper to Sara. \"And Margaret all but told me that if I touched her daughter she'd skin me alive.\" Rita shivered at the memory of that evil smile of her old mentor. \"So just stay away from her.\" Rita just gave her a drunken smile. \"BUT I CAN'T SARA SHE'S JUST TO CUTE LIKE A LITTLE SHEEPY DOLL!\" Sara had to calm her down before she was thrown out. \"And she's so clumsily too. Like last week… \" Hey Carrie, can you pass me the cream over there?\" Rita was walking pass the cooking club on her way to grade some test. She decided to step in to check on her favorite student. \"Here it is.\" As she grabbed the cream jar, she didn't notice that some had spilled out on the floor. \"Ahh!\" Rita walked in when she heard the yelp and paused in the door. Carrie had slipped and had cream all over her cloths, but that wasn't even the worst part. She had been wearing a white blouse with matching plaid skirt today. Unintentionally giving Rita a full view of her blue-striped panties and blue bra. Rita was out the door before she could recover, having to leave before the young girl saw how her teacher was staring and drooling. Rita told Sara about other things that have happened. Like the time Carrie sat with her for lunch as a reward for acing a test, she even made the food herself. Or on the bus during a school trip, she had fallen asleep next to Rita. But as adorable as that might seem, she was rubbing her face against the wolf's chest for the whole way back. And how could she forget the time- \"Okay Okay I get it, she's a pure-hearted temptress! Just give up on her, take the risk, or wait a year dammit. Just stop sulking.\" Sara was starting to get irritated by her friends moaning and groaning. \"But- \" \"Nope no more.\" She dumped Rita's drink and looked at her sternly. \"Now I'm cutting you off and I want you to think long and hard about what to do with this chick and don't come back until you do. Now do you need me to call a cab?\" Rita shook her head. \"I can just walk home.\" Grabbing her jacket, Rita walked out to think about what Sara said. X~X~X The evening air was the perfect thing to sober her up faster then a cab ride. She took the scenic route home and wondered what she would do about Carrie. On one hand, she never full well that what she was feeling for an underage student, by one year, could get her fired if Margaret didn't kill her first. She'd hear of teachers having students develop feeling for them and the reverse, and it never ended well. She didn't want to be separated from her. But at the same time, she wants more. Rita could admit that much. She couldn't stop thinking about her sheep girl student or how she made her heart flutter. She had sat down on the curb just passed a supermarket. \"I guess that means I care about her deeply. Why is this so complicated?\" \"Ms. Desjardin?\" If Rita was sober before, she was now. She turned around and saw the one person she didn't want to see now. \"It is you.\" Carrie smiled. \"What are you doing here?\" Rita looked and saw Carrie had some grocery bags, why she was out at this hour was a mystery. She replied teasingly \"I was just taking a walk and please call me Rita sweetie.\" There she goes again, flirting like it's okay. \"What about you Carrie?\" \"Oh, I'm picking up some food for home. Momma is working late and won't be home until tomorrow, so I had to walk.\" \"Really you should be carful walking alone at night. All sorts of bad people around.\" The teacher took one of Carrie's bags. \"I'll make sure you get home safe.\" \"Thank you.\" She beamed. \"I live this way Ms. Desjardin… I mean Rita.\" As Carrie led them, Rita had to question what she was even doing now. X~X~X Rita had been sitting on the couch while Carrie was making them some tea. While she was flipping through tv channels, her student came and sat next to her. \"Here you are R-Rita.\" She was used to calling her teacher by her first name which got a giggle from her. \"Your too cute Carrie, I could just eat you up.\" Carrie blushed and sipped her tea quickly. 'And I just might.' The two sat in silence for a bit, watching tv, until Carrie spoke up. \"Um… Rita can I ask you something?\" From her quiet tone Rita sensed it was important. \"Yes, what is it?\" \"Um… well someone from school talked to me a-and they asked me out. On a d-date.\" Rita felt her heart stop. \"O-Oh really.\" She tried to keep her disappointment from showing. \"Anyone I know?\" As much as Rita didn't like it, she had to be a friend to Carrie and support her. \"It's Tommy.\" \"Tommy Ross!\" She didn't mean to yell, but she hoped that she misheard her. \"Yeah, he asked me to go to the movies with him, but couldn't give him an answer. So, I think he'll ask again tomorrow and I don't know what to say.\" She stared at her cup, then turned to her wolf teacher. Rita knew that Tommy had a reputation for being a player and the thought of him trying anything like that on Carrie. Made her fur start to stand and a low growl startup. Turning to her sheep girl, she notices Carrie looked a little scared, so she calmed down. \"Um well I can't say it's a good idea Carrie.\" She looked confused at Rita. \"Tommy may be a 'handsome' guy, but he has a history of being to forward with girls. I don't think going with him alone is a good idea.\" Carrie was silent for a second. \"I think your right. I mean he is nice and called me beautiful, but really like him like that.\" Rita's ears twitched at that statement. \"Oh, and is their someone you do like that way?\" Carrie blushed hard as she thought of a person. \"Ms. Desjardin please don't tease me and say impressing things.\" Rita laughed as Carrie tried pushing her away. The wolf and sheep talked for a bit longer until Rita decided to go so they both could get some sleep for school tomorrow. X~X~X The next day Carrie was at her locker waiting for her friends when someone tapped her shoulder. She turned and say Tommy behind her. \"Hey Carrie, how are you today?\" The handsome vampire bat teen asked. \"Oh, um f-fine Tommy.\" She looked around and saw they were alone in the hall. She hoped Sue or Chris would come soon. \"So, did you think about what I asked you.\" He said getting closer as she backed up. \"Um you see Tommy I um think your great, b-but I don't think I can go out with you. So-sorry.\" Carrie had her back on the lockers at this point and tried to leave. Only for the Tommy to use one of his wings to stop her and slam his hand next to her head, trapping her. \"Um Tommy I need to go, can you plea- \" \"Shut up bitch!\" Carrie jumped, frightened. \"Who do you think you are saying no to me! You should be thankful I'm even looking at a dumb sheep girl like you, and you think you can just walk away from me!\" Carrie was so scared from how Tommy was yelling at her, she started to cry a little. Tommy didn't seem to care. \"Who told you that you had a chose huh? I bet it was Sue right, that slut thinks she can break up with me and then keep ruining my fun and get away with it.\" When he saw Carrie stiffen at Sue's name he had an idea and smirked. \"Maybe I'll have that lamia, Summer and her friends teach Sue and that dyke Chris to mind their own fucking business.\" Tommy pulled away and was walking down the hallway. Carrie rushed after him. \"Wait. Please don't hurt them Tommy please.\" Carrie plead as the bell rang. Tommy smirked evilly and wiped away her tears. \"I don't know. I all depends on how well you can behave.\" As Chris and Sue rushed in the school, late as usual. They stopped cold. Sue felt her heart break apart, while Chris eyes flared with anger. Both warned Carrie about Tommy and both knew they liked Carrie as more then a friend. So that's why it hurt so much when they saw Tommy kissing Carrie. And the killed them when they saw that instead of pushing him away or anything. Carrie kissed him back. ","Summary":" Hello this is a idea that came to recently. At first it was going to be a Carrie x Chris story, but"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Black Locust","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12523840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Tip woke up, it was to thunder and storm. And, well, a quite desperate, yellow Boov in the driver's seat. \"What's going on?\" Tip asked, immediately awake and alert. It was clearly morning, but up in the sky it was dark and hard to see out of the windows. \"A storm,\" Oh answered. He was hyperventilating, and his voice was strained and tired, as if he'd been awake the whole night. Considering the fact that the drizzle had turned into a full-blown tornado –it felt like that, at least, with them being in the middle of the whole thing- it wasn't a far-fetched thought. \"We were to losing Grape Escape hours ago,\" he forced out through clenched teeth as he spun the wheel desperately to avoid… was that a rock? Panic spiked through Tip and she jumped into the front seat. They'd lost Grape Escape, Oh seemed to have been driving for a while without getting out of the storm, there was probably no service up here, it being in the clouds and all, and flying above said clouds was probably not safe. Oh was smart, if it were safe, he would've already done it. \"How long has it been going on!?\" \"Hours,\" Oh bit out. The yellow color on his skin was gradually becoming paler and paler by the minute, but Tip didn't think that he was feeling less scared. \"Why didn't you wake me up!?\" \"I was not wanting to worrying you,\" came his answer, and Tip chose not to comment. \"Can we do something at all?\" she asked, calming a little down now. \"Should I take the wheel?\" Before Oh could answer, something hit the car and he gave a small, muffled cry. He seemed to have even more problems controlling now. Tip climbed over to the backseat and looked out of the window, trying to locate why. What she saw caused her to give a shrill gasp. \"We've lost Tangerine Twist!\" she called, and Oh whimpered. \"If we lose Busta Lime I cannot control!\" He all but yelled the words as he desperately tried to keep the Slushious flying in a more or less straight line. It didn't work, but instead of turning more yellow, his skin paled further. Tip jumped back into the front seat and fought the urge to scream when another object hit the car. There goes Busta Lime, we're doomed! Oh's skin turned white and he fainted. \"Oh!\" Tip cried, but to no vain- he couldn't hear her. As the car begun its journey towards the ground, Tip reached across the seats and fastened Oh's seatbelt. She barely had the time to fasten her own before the Slushious crashed into the ground, spun around, hit a rock and then stopped. She took a moment to breathe. She survived. She must have been the first human ever to survive a car falling from the sky. She was probably the first human to fall from the sky in a car, too. A nervous laughter bubbled out of her as she realized that they wouldn't be able to save the Slushious- Oh was unconscious and there was no way in hell that she would walk outside in a storm. At least inside of the car, she was safe. But what about mom? Now she would never make it to Australia- out of what she saw they'd crashed on one of the things floating in the air! Without a very, very long ladder, they wouldn't even make it down from here! What was she going to do? Tip began hyperventilating. Pig meowed loudly and pawed at Oh's arm, which caused Tip to calm down a little. \"Oh no,\" she whispered and unfastened Oh's seatbelt. One step at a time, Tip, one step at a time, you can care about mom later, Oh needs your attention now- With some trouble, Tip managed to dump Oh into the backseat. There she hurried to check if he was breathing –he was- and was about to check his pulse when she realized that for all she knew, he didn't have one. She sat back on her heels and focused on taking deep breaths. \"He's not dead,\" Tip whispered to herself. \"He's not dead, Tip, he's not dead, he's breathing, he's not dead.\" Tip sat beside Oh for a few minutes before anything happened. She didn't notice it right away, since the change came so gradually, but his skin was slowly getting back its purple color. It immediately filled her with relief and hope, but she told herself sternly that she still didn't know what had happened. It could be more dangerous than she thought. Around an hour after he fainted, Oh blinked, revealing cloudy, blue eyes. \"Oh!\" Tip cried. She wanted to throw her arms around him but restrained herself. Maybe touching him right now wasn't exactly the best idea. \"Are you okay?\" Oh blinked a few times before the haze in his gaze lightened. \"Yes, I am thinking so,\" he croaked out. Tip helped him sit up. \"What happened?\" she asked. She had to know- if she didn't she couldn't stop it from happening again. \"When Boov feels for long times,\" Oh said and took the bottle of water she gave him. \"It is too much of color pigmenting in the veins. It is causing us to fainting.\" \"So it's like, if too much blood rushes to the head of a human?\" Tip was about to ask if it was dangerous now, after it had happened, but before she could Oh answered her first question. \"Probably,\" Oh shrugged. Then he lit up. \"Look,\" he said happily. \"The storm is over!\" His face scrunched up in confusion. \"But we are standing still…\" Now his face fell. \"The Slushious, it is being broken?\" Tip nodded silently. \"Do you think you could fix it?\" she asked hopefully. Oh thought about it for a short while. \"What does I have to working with?\" He turned around and looked out of the window. \"We crashed on one of these floating islands, I think. There's no buildings nearby.\" Oh frowned and opened the door. \"I am to seeing what I can do,\" he told her. \"But I cannot be giving promises.\" Tip followed him out of the door and looked around. \"Will you be okay on your own?\" she asked. \"What does you mean?\" \"I'm thinking about seeing if I can find any food,\" Tip explained and took Pig in her arms. \"Will you be okay on your own?\" \"Yes,\" Oh said. \"Good lucky!\" He walked around the car to inspect the slush machines they'd been using as fuel. He said something in a different language, and Tip could've bet money on that it was a swear word in Boovspeak. \"Come on, Pig,\" she said to the cat. \"Let's go hunting.\" He meowed mournfully, as if he liked the idea of staying in the car better than going out into the forest, but Tip ignored him. No way was she walking alone. One and a half hour later Tip returned to the crash place. In her arms, she held different berries, some fruits, mushrooms that she could recognize, and some plants she was fairly sure were safe to eat. The car was a mess. There was oil on the grass, and both small and large mechanical parts were scattered across the place. Tip didn't know much about cars, she was just a thirteen year old girl without any interest for the vehicles after all, but she was fairly sure that that was the motor laying in front of her feet. \"Oh, I really hope you know what you're doing,\" she muttered quietly and walked over to the car. Oh's legs were sticking out of where the motor was supposed to be. \"Hey Oh, are you okay?\" Tip asked when she got close enough. Oh started, apparently, and he let out a muffled string of words. \"I don't understand what you're saying, Oh,\" Tip said with a smile. \"Are you stuck?\" The words seemed positive, but she couldn't be sure. She giggled. \"Move this foot if you're stuck,\" she said and bumped her elbow into one of his feet. He moved the foot and Tip snorted. \"Move it again if you want help.\" The foot begun waving around wildly and Tip had some problems with containing her laughter. The words that came from the car seemed frustrated. \"Hold on, Oh, I'll get you out, just wait two seconds.\" With that, Tip hurried to put the food into the backseat of the car. As she was about to pull Oh out of the hood, she thought of a better idea and fished her phone out of her pocket. After snapping a photo of Oh's legs sticking comically out of the car, she frowned. The battery was running frighteningly low. It wouldn't live much longer without being charged. She turned it off, put it into her backpack and made a mental note to ask Oh if he could fix a charger in the car. Tip reached down into the hood and grabbed hold of Oh before hoisting him out of the insides of the car. \"You okay?\" she asked. \"I mean, besides all the grime and… stuff… on your face.\" In fact, his right cheek was almost completely black because of the dirt, oil and whatnot that was in the hood of a car. \"Yes, thanking you,\" he said. \"Grime?\" Tip made a vague gesture towards his face and he touched his cheek. His fingers came back dark. \"Oh, not to worry, it will be going away soon.\" \"If you say so,\" Tip shrugged. \"Do you think you can fix the Slushious?\" Oh sighed. \"Yes, but not for a long time, not with lacking the things I am needing.\" Tip tried to decipher what he'd said, but she ended up frowning. \"Do you mean that it won't be able to fly for long amounts of time?\" \"Yes,\" Oh said. \"Oh, alright then. How long time will it take to fix it?\" she asked worriedly. She hoped it wouldn't take that long time, mom was just outside of her reach! So close, yet so far away… \"Days, in least,\" Oh said. \"I will to be fast, Tip, I promising.\" \"Okay,\" Tip muttered, taking a step back and looking at the landscape. Forest and trees, bushes and plants surrounded them. Good, that would make fine materials to create shelter for the nights to come. \"I'll see to create a lean-to, a fireplace, find a stream and fetch some water, probably get some fore food…\" she trailed off and turned 360 degrees. When she faced Oh again, he was staring at her in wonder. \"What?\" \"How does you know these things?\" he asked. Tip blinked in confusion. \"Things about surviving? It's basic knowledge to know how to live here, at least for most people.\" Oh opened his mouth as if to reply, but he closed it again, blinked a few times and shook his head. Without another word, he turned around to continue pulling the car apart. Tip was cradling a wooden bowl between her hands. The wood was warm and inviting, but she wasn't eating the soup-like food she'd made for supper. She was way too busy staring at the stars. Right, so she was actually supposed to go to bed so that she could get up early tomorrow and find more food, gather more wood, fetch more water… but right now, she just wanted to relax in the moment, relax in the starlight with the crackling sound of burning fire and the mechanical clank that came every now and then. Tip blinked when she noticed that the sound of Oh's quiet muttering and the said mechanical clanking was absent. She looked down and turned her head. Oh was staring at her, his mouth open just a tiny bit and his skin pink. Tip smiled lightly. The color fit him nicely. \"Come on,\" she said and nodded her head. \"Come sit with me.\" The pink color dimmed somewhat and Tip's smile slipped. What had she said wrong? Pink was a happy color, right? What did it even mean? Oh frowned in confusion and looked over at the car, then at her, then at the car, and then at her again. \"But… the car?\" \"Relax Oh, my mom won't go anywhere if you take a ten minute long break.\" Oh carefully put the piece of car he was holding down on the ground, before walking over to the fire and sitting down next to her. Tip tipped her head backwards and looked at the stars again. \"Your name,\" she said. \"What does it mean?\" The starry night sky was filling her vision, so she wasn't able to see Oh's face when he answered. \"I cannot remembering my name.\" \"What? But your name's Oh,\" Tip said and looked at him in confusion. He had picked up a twig from the ground; it was a few inches long, and had small thorns spread across the bark. He was fingering with it nervously. \"I-,\" He opened his mouth and closed it again, frowning and turning light blue. \"I was not being born like Oh.\" \"You mean that you were given another name?\" \"I- yes.\" \"How could you forget it?\" Tip wondered and plucked the twig from his fingers, snapping it in two and giving him one of the pieces. Oh gave her a puzzled look but didn't say anything on it. \"Boov are always saying 'oh' when they are seeing me,\" he tried to explain. \"I was calling myself that after a while, and they…\" \"They rolled with it?\" \"Yes…\" Tip put her part of the twig into her pocket and looked at the sky again. A comfortable silence lasted a few moments before Oh spoke up. \"Tip,\" he said suddenly. \"What is it meaning?\" \"My name?\" \"Yes.\" Tip looked at Oh. He wasn't looking at her and she didn't know what to feel. It was almost… too personal to tell him. But it was just… it was just a name, how hard was it supposed to be? They'd had serious talks underneath the stars before. This wasn't different. It wasn't supposed to be different. But it was . \"Light,\" Tip said. \"It means light.\" Oh turned towards her, and Tip found an embarrassing blush creeping up her cheeks at being caught staring, but she shrugged it off. He smiled. \"At least in some cultures. It also means gold, and fair, but-,\" She took a deep breath to stop her rambling and looked into the fire as the pink color faded onto his skin again. \"Light. I like light.\" Tip eyed his now pink skin curiously. \"What does it mean?\" \"What?\" \"The pink color,\" Tip clarified. \"What does it mean?\" Oh's skin immediately returned to purple and he looked like someone who'd gotten caught with their hand in the cookie box. \"Nothing,\" he said. Tip raised an eyebrow at him when his skin turned green. \"Tell me,\" she commanded. Oh swallowed and looked away. The green color faded away. \"I won't be mad.\" \"I am not believing you,\" Oh said. His skin was still purple, and Tip's heartbeat picked up. What on Earth could pink mean, if he thought it would make her mad? Wasn't it a happy feeling after all? \"Please tell me,\" she begged. He swallowed. \"Pink, it is- it is-\" He stopped, took a deep breath and closed his eyes. It seemed as if he was preparing for war… \"It is to loving.\" Tip froze on the log. Her heartbeat stopped for a few seconds before it came back, stronger than before. \"Platonic, right?\" she heard herself ask over the buzzing sound in her ears. Oh met her gaze. There was a deep, deep sadness in his eyes and she knew the answer even before his skin turned blue. \"No,\" he whispered. An: This isn't beta-read, any mistakes are mine. Yes, in case you're wondering, the Gorg are late -gasp! outrageous-, and it's causing a storm to come ruin the party. Our heroes crash and now shit's going down. Four chapters, plus an alternate ending (which gives us six chapters total). Please review. I beg you. Please. For the love of God, please. It's fine that you follow and favorite and everything, but please , I have no other way to know what you think of this! This fandom is so small, and I keep uploading and everything, but where's my feedback? Where's my fucking feedback? Please! I need it! I don't care if you're shy, or just a hater- just please leave a comment. You don't need a user to leave a comment, just scroll down there and press 'review', write your shit and give it to me![Chapter 2] He swallowed. \"Pink, it is- it is-\" He stopped, took a deep breath and closed his eyes. It seemed as if he was preparing for war…? \"It is to loving.\" Tip froze on the log. Her heartbeat stopped for a few seconds before it came back, stronger than before. \"Platonic, right?\" she heard herself ask over the buzzing sound in her ears. Oh met her gaze. There was a deep, deep sadness in his eyes and she knew the answer even before his skin turned blue. \"No,\" he whispered. Tip hummed and turned away from him. He made a choking sound. \"Are you- are you not to be saying things?\" She didn't answer, and Oh continued by asking \"I was thinking you would be hitting on me and yelling again?\" All right, that hurt. Tip turned her face in the opposite direction of Oh and drew her knees up to her chest. A part of her wanted to blame him for not trusting her, but… another part of her knew that it wasn't his fault. It was hers, and no one but her could take the blame. She had done almost nothing in the last few days to show that she actually liked Oh's company. But he's a Boov, I'm not supposed to like him . Yes, he was a Boov. But was she just a human? No, of course not. If he wasn't just a Boov, then what was he? Kind . That was the word that sprung to her mind, and with a pang, Tip realized that it was true. He hadn't been mean to her. He hadn't been mean to her out of spite, or out of frustration, or confusion. No, Tip could safely say that when faced with a problem, he would take time and listen. Try to understand. The time when he'd tried to run away with the Slushious flashed into her mind, but… it didn't count. It couldn't count. At the time, they had both been selfish and angry with the other for not caring about them. Besides, after Tip got the whole story she had realized that he was frightened, and with good reason! If he were to be caught, he would be killed . And, truth to be told, if she had been in his place, she would have done the same. Okay, so he was kind. What else? Curious, caring, funny and forgiving were all adjectives that could describe her friend. And, to be honest, at times he could be like a scared little kitten. But she couldn't blame him for that either. If it truly was a Boov thing to run away, if it was in his genes – it was it was she knew it was -, then of course she couldn't blame him. That would be… racist? Specist? Tip knew how it was not to fit in. She wouldn't wish that on anyone. If Oh ran away sometime, she couldn't blame him anymore than he could blame her for being a pack mammal. She could be angry, yes, and sad, yes, perhaps even betrayed, but could she blame him? No. Then what was he? He was kind, and curious, and caring. He was funny, he was forgiving, and he could be a scared little kitten at times. But above all, Oh was lovable . \"I'm sorry,\" Tip said. \"That you thought I would hurt you. And I'm sorry for all the times I have hurt you, and all the times I will hurt you. I- I have- realized some things about myself- and- and you, I have realized some things about you, too, and- I'm sorry, just- I'm sorry.\" There was a pause, but Tip didn't know how Oh had reacted. She couldn't see his face. \"And I am sorries, too, Tip,\" he murmured softly. \"What?\" Tip asked, and looked over at him. \"Why?\" \"For making things awkward.\" Oh said it in the same way he'd said 'because they are Gorg' when Tip had asked ' why do these Gorg hate you so much? ' He said it as if it was obvious, as if it was the truth. Tip turned around to face him again. Confusion carved lines on her forehead as she frowned. \"Do you want things to be awkward?\" He shook his head. \"Will you act differently after confessing?\" He shook his head again. \"I won't either,\" Tip said. \"So things won't be awkward unless we force them to. Besides, it's not as if you can decide who you love, right?\" Oh shook his head again, and Tip smiled softly. \"You see?\" she murmured, leaning closer to him and raising her eyebrows. \" I can't blame you, so you shouldn't blame you either.\" She looked up at the sky and felt a sting of panic when she saw that the stars had moved since the last time she saw them, which said a lot about how long they had been talking about this. \"Good night, Oh,\" Tip whispered as she got up. Without looking back, she walked over to the lean-to and laid down on the moss she'd put on the ground. The barely audible 'good night, Tip' from Oh made her smile as she pulled her blanket over herself. She promptly fell asleep to the crackling of burning wood and the sound of Oh singing softly. When Tip woke up, it was to an armful of Boov. She had her arms wrapped around Oh, and he was breathing calmly. Still sleeping, then. It would be so easy to remove her arms from around him, but he was so warm , so soft. She could almost call him calming. He fit so snugly, too, as if they were two puzzle pieces made for the sole purpose of being together. With her arms around him, his back pressed into her front and her legs brought up underneath them, it felt almost as if the world had no dangers. She could've stayed like this forever, if she got the chance. Wait, what on Earth was she thinking? An embarrassed blush creeped up her cheeks as she pulled her arms back and straightened her legs. How had she even gotten into a position like that? Tip was a light sleeper; Oh would have woken her up if he had moved her, even if it was just her arms. Alas, she must have moved herself; rolled over and grabbed hold of him after both of them fell asleep. Damn, wasn't she the one that had said things wouldn't become awkward? The grass was dry to her knees as she crawled out of the lean-to. Stretching carefully, Tip sighed in relief as her joints popped. Deciding not to change clothes –she only had dirty ones left, after all, and these were warm- she walked over to the fire. Breakfast would consist of leftovers from supper last night, all she had to do was warm it up and wolf it down. After lighting the fire, Tip went over to the empty skeleton of the Slushious, grabbed a handful of trash and walked back to their camp. The wooden bowl ended up close to the flames- not so close that it would begin burning, mind you, just close enough so that her soup would heat up. Oh began stirring from beneath the blanket Tip had left over him. He turned around and mumbled something. \"Good morning, Oh,\" Tip called. \"Urmf?\" Oh said and sat up. He rubbed at his eyes and blinked owlishly at her. \"Morning.\" Without further ado, he walked over to the fire. Spotting the trash, he smiled and stuffed some of it into his mouth. \"I was thinking that I would clean my clothes, fetch more water, more wood, and more food for me,\" Tip said, messing in the fire with a wooden stick. \"If I finish with that, do you need any help with the car?\" Oh thought about it for a moment. \"Do not be taking this wrong, Tip,\" he said with a small wince, yellow flashing briefly over his skin. \"But I do not think that you are knowing enough to do so.\" Tip wanted to say her catchphrase –Excuse me? I got an A in geometry!- but thought better of it. \"Okay,\" she said instead. \"That's fine. Just tell me if you need help.\" Oh nodded and stuffed more trash into his mouth before chewing happily. Tip snorted and turned back to her own food. One bowl of soup and some light banter with Oh later, and Tip found herself on her way to the stream she had found yesterday. She'd emptied her backpack and put all her dirty clothing in it –Oh didn't have any-, plus she had brought five or six bottles to have water in. On the way, whenever she spotted some sticks, branches or twigs that could burn fairly well, she picked them up and carried them in the crook of her elbow. Tip dumped her clothes into a calm part of the stream. She lit up when she saw some rocks –around the size of her fist- and went over to pick them up. A flat rock that laid next to the stream was dry enough to sit on, and with that, she went on with her work. She used the rocks almost like she would use soap; her clothes would of course not be as clean as if she had, but they would be clean enough. Tip found a low-hanging branch that she could hang her clothes over when she finished beating them with the rocks. They would dry there until the time she needed them, Tip decided, and went further up the stream to fill the bottles. When she bent down to fill them, however, she felt something poke her stomach awkwardly. Puzzled, Tip stood up and dropped the bottles to the ground. She put her hand in her pocket, mindful that the object inside might be dangerous, and closed her fingers around- she pulled her hand out again. A twig. A black locust twig, to be exact. Tip felt light-headed as she stumbled backwards and sat down heavily on a rock. It was part of the twig Oh had been fiddling with yesterday. The one she had plucked out of his fingers and broken in half. Why had she done that again? The black locust three had hard wood, was long lasting and poisonous to some species. Why had she forcefully taken it from Oh and broken it in two? More importantly, why had she given half back to Oh? Why had she kept the other at all? Tip felt goosebumps spread up her arms. She felt very cold suddenly, even though she was basking in the sun. What was going on? She twisted the twig and looked at it from another direction. The thorns seemed to taunt her, as if they thought it was hilarious that she couldn't figure this out. She glared angrily at them and chucked the twig into the stream. She regretted it immediately. \"Oh no,\" she whispered. Kicking of her shoes Tip ran after the twig, jumping on rocks the whole way. \"God damnit,\" she muttered and threw herself into the stream. Fortunately, she'd aimed right, and her feet made connection with hard stone. She nearly toppled over and into the water when she reached out after the twig, the piece of wood floated into her grasp and she exhaled in relief. It was stupid, really, to feel attached to a stick. She very nearly threw it away again, but decided against it. She had one palm and a knee planted on the rock, and that was it. \"Tip?\" Oh said. Tip lost her balance and fell into the water with a shriek. A second later, she resurfaced, shocked and soaked. Oh gasped. \"Sorries!\" he cried and jumped in after her. \"I was not meaning to startle you,\" he said and swam over to her. Tip was almost – almost - worried for him –the water level was above her waist- but then she remembered that he'd jumped into the Atlantic. And, apparently, had a good time. \"You little,\" Tip growled playfully and jumped at him. He gave a small shriek and flashed yellow before ducking under. \"Where did you go?\" Tip turned around just in time for him to splash water into her face. She spluttered incoherently and pushed it out of her eyes. \"You pig,\" she laughed. \"Are you having fun!?\" Oh cried, and ducked away again. \"Duh,\" Tip grinned. Oh stared at her as if she was crazy, but then his control slipped and he giggled. \"Go away!\" he laughed, splashing more water in her direction. \"Never!\" They fought, stumbled, splashed and laughed for a while before Tip grabbed hold of Oh and locked her arms around him. \"Do you surrender!?\" she yelled. \"Yes, yes!\" Oh cried, kicking his feet uselessly. \"I do!\" Tip let go and pushed him towards the shore. He climbed up, and then he reached a hand out to help her. Without hesitating, Tip grabbed it. And time seemed to stop for a few moments as she looked up and into his eyes. The sun was shining on him, and water droplets were running down his purple skin. Tip had looked into his eyes before, but this was different. Maybe it was because of the way they lit up with joy from the inside; or maybe it was because in this situation, he had the upper hand; or maybe it was just because Tip knew , now, that he loved her. No matter the reason, her heart ached painfully and she averted her gaze as he pulled her up from the river. Goodness gracious he was strong for his small size. This isn't good. \"What were you to doing?\" Oh asked her as he shook his head. \"What?\" Tip looked down on her own body and sighed heavily. Wet clothes, wet hair, wet skin, and she had nothing to dry herself with. Unless… She shot a look at the clothes that were hanging over the branch. \"In the river,\" Oh clarified. \"On the rock.\" \"I was, uh…\" Tip regarded the clothing and bit her lip before reaching out and pulling down the green, soft jacket. \"Drinking water,\" she lied. \"I didn't want to drink from the bottles since you're going to drink of that water too.\" The lie rolled easily off her tongue, so why did it leave such a bitter taste? \"Do you mind turning away or something while I dry myself? Just for privacy?\" Oh dutifully turned around and walked over to a rock. \"Am I to close my eyes?\" he yelled over his shoulder. \"You don't have to,\" Tip answered as she pulled her singlet off. \"I am doing it,\" Oh replied and Tip rolled her eyes and stepped out of her soaked shorts. \"Of course you are,\" she said and wriggled her way out of her underwear. There. She was as naked as the day she was born, standing in the middle of the forest. Oh was sitting ten, fifteen feet away from her with closed eyes. How easy wouldn't it be to tell him to turn around, announce that she was done and watch as he stared at her, at the water causing her brown skin to shine in the sun? Too easy. Tip grimaced and began drying herself with the jacket. What was she thinking? She couldn't use him like that. What was wrong with her? She blushed and pulled on new, dry clothes, subtly slipping the twig from one pocket to another. \"All done,\" she said with fake cheerfulness. Oh turned around – so trusting, he shouldn't - and smiled at her. They began walking back towards their camp. \"My tunic is cleanness now,\" Oh stated \"That is a bonus.\" Tip didn't answer, instead she looked away in shame. Her hand sneaked itself into her pocket, and her fingers brushed against the sharp thorns. \"The twig,\" she said absentmindedly. \"What?\" \"The one I snapped in two yesterday,\" Tip continued. \"Do you still have it? The black locust?\" Oh opened the round pocket in the front of his tunic. \"This one?\" he asked and unfurled his fingers. Tip inhaled sharply. \"Yes,\" she breathed, placing a hand to her chest. \"Yes, that one.\" She looked away and tried to calm her racing heart. \"Why do you wanting to know?\" Oh said and closed his pocket again. \"Uh.\" Yeah, why did she want to know? It's just a piece of wood, Tip, just a twig . But somehow, it felt like it was something much, much more. \"No reason,\" she muttered, stuffing her hands in her pockets, pressing the pad on her thumb into one of the thorns. \"No reason.\" \"How's the car going?\" Tip asked that night at dinner. Oh looked up from his 'food' and smiled. \"Oh, it is going greatness! I am thinking that I am half the way!\" \"That's great!\" Tip said. She looked down into her food again, frowning lightly. \"Are you- are you mad at me? Since I can't help you fix the car?\" \"What? No!\" Oh placed his 'food' down at his side and inched closer to her. \"Are you mad at me, for not knowing the humanspersons customs?\" \"Of course not, Oh, you're a Boov.\" \"Then why should I being mad at you, for being humanspersons?\" Oh asked rhetorically. Tip looked at him sharply. \"Are you saying humans are stupid?\" \"No!\" Oh cried, backpedaling as fast as he could. \"No, no! Humanspersons do not knowing Boov technology, is what I am saying!\" \"Ooooh,\" Tip said, and readjusted her position so she was facing the sunset again. Oh moved next to her, no doubt readjusting his own position. \"That explains.\" They sat in a comfortable silence for a while, watching the sun disappear over the horizon. The first stars appeared on the sky, and Tip said, \"Oh, tell me about the story of the Boov.\" The only friendly Boov she'd ever met turned around to stare at her in surprise, before a wide grin stretched across his face. His eyes were shining brightly when he answered. \"I would be happiness to.\"[Chapter 3] Tip opened her eyes the next morning, and closed them again immediately. Mentally, she groaned. She'd sworn this wouldn't get awkward. She'd sworn she wouldn't make this awkward, but her sleeping attics were making this task really hard for her . And she couldn't just pull away either, her left arm was stuck underneath the Boov. It wasn't that he was too heavy, surprisingly enough, and her hand hadn't fallen asleep just yet, but it would be impossible to move without waking him up. \"Perfect,\" Tip muttered quietly, moving a bit around and trying to free her arm. The only thing it was good for was digging that damn twig into her stomach. \"Just perfect.\" She couldn't do anything about this, and the warmth of sleep was inviting her back to its bed. Could it hurt anyone if she slept, just a little longer? Her eyes slipped closed without her agreeing to the action, and soon she was sleeping again. Tip woke up by a gentle poke in her shoulder and Oh muttering her name. \"Tip,\" he said. \"Tip, waking up.\" \"Uh-?\" \"I am stuck,\" he whispered. He sounded ashamed, as if it was his fault that Tip had him in a death-grip. She cursed herself mentally. \"Sorry,\" she said and pulled her right arm back to her side quickly. Too quickly, she gave the impression of being burned on his skin. Oh rolled away from her. Tip suddenly felt very cold. She hadn't realized just how comforting it was to have Oh pressed up against her, and now it felt as if a part of her was missing. There was a dull emptiness in her chest, and Tip fought the urge to reach out, pull Oh back into her embrace and cuddle with him for the rest of eternity. Oh hesitated before he got up, and Tip withdrew her gaze quickly. She was staring again. \"Sleep well?\" she asked. An excuse to make this less awkward was a welcome one. Oh nodded. \"Yes, much better than before!\" Tip flushed and turned away from him to hide it. She desperately patted her cheeks and willed the color to dim before she got up and trotted over to the fireplace. She lit it up, but didn't feel like she could cook nor warm anything. Improvising, she grabbed a fruit and ate it. It tasted like rubbish. Like sand. Oh, just as happy as ever, was chomping down on his food for the day; an emptied box of red beans. \"And you?\" Oh asked suddenly. \"What?\" \"Did you sleeping well?\" Oh clarified and looked up from what he was reading on the box. Tip smiled lightly to him and faced the fire. \"Yeah,\" she said. \"I guess I did.\" After searching through the trunk of the car –Oh hadn't used anything from there- Tip was overjoyed by discovering her old sketching book. When digging through her backpack she'd found a forgotten pencil and a pencil sharpener. She had no rubbers, but that was okay. Some mistakes didn't matter when she only wanted to pass the time. So, with the book on her knees and sharp pencil in hand, Tip sat down below a tree and begun sketching. She sketched the Slushious as she remembered it (she wasn't sure she'd ever see it like that again); she sketched the Slushious like it was now, an empty skeleton; she sketched the birds that were flying around; she sketched the trees; she sketched the lean-to; she sketched the fire… and she sketched Oh . There was a fear deep in her heart that he would leave her, that after they'd found her mom he would go away, disappear into the void. Her phone didn't have enough power to take any more pictures, though. Her solution? Draw him. She drew him from her imagination –standing on a rock in the stream with water running down his skin, sitting by the fire, reading a book, with a flower crown around his head and so many more- and by eye. In one drawing he was frowning at a piece of metal, in another one he was standing with half his body inside of the car, pushing and prodding stuff around, and in yet another one he was doing his happy dance. She was drawing details on the flower crown when a sound startled her into looking up. Oh was standing there, right in front of her. \"O-Oh!\" she said, hastily covering up the drawing. \"You scared me!\" He was smiling. \"You are good,\" he said. \"At to drawing.\" He'd seen the drawing. He'd seen her draw him with a flower crown, smiling widely in the sun with a spark in his eyes. \"Thanks,\" Tip muttered and blushed awkwardly, closing the sketching book and placing it on the ground next to her. \"Is this normal for humanspersons?\" Oh asked and sat down in front of her. Tip pulled some grass out of the ground and tore it to pieces. \"What do you mean?\" \"Your face,\" Oh said. \"It keeps getting darker. I was under the impressions that humanspersons do not do changing colors?\" Tip blushed even harder. \"We, uh, we don't,\" she muttered and looked away. \"But yeah, it's, it's normal for humans to blush.\" \"Blush?\" Oh said. \"I do not know that word.\" \"Uh,\" Tip said. The color in her cheeks was slowly fading away. \"Well, it's like this- When humans are embarrassed, our blood rushes to our face…\" She trailed off. She'd intended for it to be a longer explanation, but found that she didn't know anything else she could say. \"Why?\" Tip blinked. \"I don't know,\" she said and frowned. \"I don't think anyone knows.\" \"So…\" Oh trailed off, trying to understand what she was saying. \"You are embarrassed?\" \"Yeah, I guess so.\" Tip looked away awkwardly and failed to see Oh frowning at her. \"Why?\" \"I-\" She broke herself off and looked into her lap. She folded her hands. \"Oh, I think I'm in love with you.\" Oh froze. The reaction Tip expected never came; instead, he turned a light blue color and shook his head. \"You do not have to lying,\" he said. \"Just because I were telling you the truth.\" \"I'm not lying, Oh!\" Tip replied, finally looking at him. \"I promise you, I'm not lying! I realized it yesterday; I'm in love with you!\" \"I am not to believe you,\" Oh said stubbornly and crossed his arms, skin still blue, eyes still sad. \"How could you be loving me?\" \"You want proof?\" Tip asked, and moved so she could sit on her knees. \"You want proof? Fine! Fine!\" Without waiting for his reply, she lunged forwards and pressed her lips to his in a silent, desperate movement. It felt right. That was all she could describe it as; right. Yes, the kiss was clumsy and hard and rough, but the connection of skin-to-skin was still… right . She moved back before she actually wanted to, and found that Oh was staring at her with wide eyes and pink skin. An orange stripe carefully pulsed over his skin. \"Really?\" he whispered. Tip kissed him again. It was less rough this time, a bit more soft at the edges. A few more orange stripes broke loose across Oh's skin and he let out a whoop. Ah, yes. There it was- the expected reaction. Oh ran around for a bit, all while whooping and looking like Christmas candy, before he all but threw himself at her. Tip laughed and did the best she could to grab hold of him, but they ended up toppling over and fell to the ground. Oh kissed her happily, and Tip kissed back. \"Really?\" he asked again. \"Really,\" Tip answered. \"It will not be happy relationship,\" Oh warned her and sat up, brushing some dirt off his tunic. He was still smiling. Smiling, but serious. \"I know,\" Tip said. \"You will be hated by Boov,\" Oh continued, and helped her up. \"I know,\" Tip repeated. \"Sure?\" \"Oh for God's sake, Oh, I don't care about that! I'm sure. I'm very sure.\" Oh tackled her in another hug and Tip smiled before returning the embrace, nuzzling the side of his face happily. When Tip opened her eyes, it was to an armful of Boov, and this time she held on tighter. \"Good morning, Tip,\" Oh whispered, and Tip smiled into the fresh air. \"Good morning, Oh,\" she whispered back. How could she have ever lived without this? How could she have been living without this feeling of safety, this feeling of belonging? It was unbelievable, honestly. She didn't want to ever let go, and why on Earth had she been pushing him away last night? And the night before that, too? How long exactly had she been in love with him without realizing? Had it been love at first sight? No, it couldn't be… she'd been so mean to him in the beginning, you aren't that mean to people you love, consciously or not. Then when? It had taken a day, a night and then half a day more to get to Paris after they met. Had she fallen for him then? Yes, she must have, sometime during the time he stopped his message. \" No matter,\" Smek said. \"Boov technology is far too complicated for a simple humansgirl to figure out!\" The Boov laughed. All expect Oh, who, without hesitating, had grabbed hold of the nearest object and had seemed to steel himself. Tip didn't think too much about it, she just raised her eyebrows in mock-hurt. \"Excuse me? I got an A in Geometry!\" He'd trusted her. How hadn't she realized that until now? This was days later! Without hesitating, he'd gone to hold the nearest object. He had believed her word above his Captain's. He had known , the moment Smek said it, that Tip was smart enough to figure it out. It wasn't that hard, honestly. \" I can't hold you! You weigh like a thousand pounds!\" \" Let go!\" Tip's eyebrows shot up in shock. \"What!?\" \" Trust me.\" Tip closed her eyes and let go. That had been a bit more obvious than his trusting her, but she'd trusted him right back. Was that it? Or had she fallen when Oh hugged her for the first time? \" Thank you, thank you, thank you!\" Maybe. Or was it when she grabbed his hand? When they'd barely survived the fall of the Eifel Tower? She didn't know. How on Earth could she have been in denial the whole time? She couldn't have fallen for him one of the last three days, although she'd definitely fallen harder . \"I love you,\" she murmured softly, probably too softly for him to hear, but his skin turned pin nonetheless. \"Fixing the car?\" he said carefully, although it sounded as if he was regretting saying it. Tip growled something but rolled away from him. The emptiness overwhelmed her for a moment. Surely, she couldn't be the only one feeling it? But it didn't appear as if Oh took any notice of it, he only turned around to smile at her before he began walking over to the Slushious. \"I am thinking it will be finished soon,\" he called over his shoulder. \"Really?\" Tip lit up considerably and followed him. She wasn't hungry. \"Yes,\" Oh answered. \"Be giving me one hour, yes?\" \"Alright,\" Tip said and went over to the lean-to to pick up the blanket, her sketching book, the pencil, a half-full bottle of water, and- \"Oh,\" she breathed. The twigs were laying there. Oh must've searched through her pockets while she was sleeping –sneaky little bastard- to find her twig, and she quickly patted herself down to check. No. It wasn't there. He'd taken some thin wire and bound it around the two twigs, braiding it into an intricate pattern. From some distance, it looked like a part of the wood. Tip picked up her part of the two necklaces and studied it for a few seconds. It was beautiful. She fastened it around her neck and marveled at how well it fit her for a moment, before her gaze fell onto her sketching book. Had he-? Tip's hands were shaking as she flipped through it until she found the first page of her drawings of Oh. She looked behind her, but her friend –boyfriend?- was still busy with the car, ignoring her completely. There were written small comments and ideas about every drawing of him. This one is greatness I am loving the details on the flowers! Found my favorite Nevermind, this one is the better Do I do this often? Is that how I am looking when going JoX? I love you His handwriting was a neat cursive, but it held an almost childish and unsure touch to it. It reminded Tip that English wasn't his first language, and it probably wasn't even his second. Some of her annoyance about his speech patterns melted away. She flipped the page even though she knew there were no more drawings. Except… there was. And they were of her. She was bathing in starlight, she was sitting in front of the fire, she had a flower crown that was matching his, she was laughing, she was looking confused, she was dancing- Tip begun flipping through the pages faster and faster and saw more and more drawings of her. Gorgeous, mother-of-god-these-are-great drawings of her. Her vision became blurry as tears filled her eyes. In every drawing that was not from his memory, she was wearing the necklace or holding the twig. \"God,\" she whispered. In some of them, she was pictured as a goddess. In others, she was pictured like a rocking star, or famous, in some adult, in some with children. He had filled all the pages except for the two last ones. Tip picked up her pencil. She looked at the last drawing Oh'd sketched, a drawing of her standing in a loose dress in a flower field, looking shyly over her shoulder. Is this how beautiful you think I am? she wrote above the drawing. Her hands were still shivering when she closed the book and pressed it to her chest in a desperate plea. Let him stay. Please. As if nothing had happened, Tip packed everything down into her backpack again. Suddenly, Oh gasped. \"Tip,\" he said. His voice was shaking and his skin was slowly turning yellow. Tip turned around, concerned about the tone in his voice. \"Yeah?\" She walked over to him, ready to assist if he needed help. \"Boov officers,\" Oh whispered, tugging at her sleeve. Tip looked up, only to discover that he was right. The sky was swarming of them! They were everywhere, in their little bubble thingies, going as fast as they could and looking considerably nervous. \"Are they after us?\" Oh exhaled and his nostril things unfurled. \"No,\" he whispered, taking a step back. \"They are running away!\" \"Why are they running away?\" Tip asked, turning towards him with wide eyes. She hurried to put on her backpack in case they had to run fast. \"There can only be one reason,\" Oh answered. \"Gorg.\" Tip's blood froze to ice just as dark ships fell into the sky everywhere above them. \"Oh no,\" she muttered. \"Mom.\" \"The Slushious,\" Oh said and ran towards it. Tip threw herself into the car, into the driver's seat, while Oh jumped in behind her. Without thinking, Tip handed her backpack to Oh before she began operating the car. She was still not thinking, she was acting purely on instinct as she pushed the car to its limits. It couldn't go any faster now, and Tip locked it like that before turning back to Oh. His skin was pulsing with all the colors he could pulse with, and his eyes were screwed shut. Tip frowned in worry. \"Oh, are you okay?\" \"No,\" he groaned. \"What's wrong?\" she asked, ready to help him as much as she could. \"Pack instinct,\" he choked, knuckles going pale as he tightened his grip on the seatbelt. \"Telling me to running away.\" \"Oh god,\" Tip whispered. \"Oh no.\" Oh fished a Boovphone out of his pocket without replying, tapped some on it –all while looking like the rainbow itself- and then threw it at her. \"Oh, what's this?\" There was a blinking red dot on the screen, and some weird grey things, and a blue dot somewhere else. \"M- Mymom,\" Oh said. He begun twisting in his seat. \"Red dot. In the case- that I am giving- ih- in-!\" He tightened his hold on the seatbelt. \"Do you mean-?\" He nodded stiffly. No! He couldn't leave her, not now! The last four days had been so happy, so great, they had each other then, he couldn't leave her after showing her how good it could be! But it was clearly painful for him- Tip was biting her lip and throwing glances out of the front window as they approached Australia. As they approached mom. If you love me, let me go Selfish or selfless? \"Oh, you must go if you need to!\" Tip bit out, reaching out and taking his hand in hers. Selfless it is. \"No,\" he said, almost breaking her hand as he launched onto it. \"Not leaving-!\" \"It's hurting you, Oh!\" Tip cried. It was, she realized. He was that close to screaming in pain. She couldn't keep him, for all she knew he might as well die, or faint again, or never recover, or- or something! \"You have to go, you can't deny what you are!\" Oh's gorgeous blue eyes met hers, and she watched as they filled with tears. There was a question in them, a question if this was truly okay, if she would still love him, if she would be angry with him- she answered the question by pressing their lips fiercely together. When had she climbed into the backseat? She didn't know. She didn't care. \"Go,\" she growled when she pulled back. Oh was almost hyperventilating and the colors were going faster now, his hands clutching harder at whatever they found nearby, his teeth biting the inside of his cheeks. He met her gaze and held it for a few seconds, and then- he nodded. Tip hurried into the front to land the car. The moment the wheels hit the ground, Oh threw his door open and all but fell out. Tip jumped out after him, expecting him to run away as fast as his six legs could carry him, which was why his embrace surprised her. Nevertheless, she sunk to her knees and hugged back as tight as she could. \"I love you,\" she whispered. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too, Tip,\" Oh whispered back. \"I will returning, I promise.\" He pressed his lips to her in a sweet, tender kiss- and then he slipped out of her arms and away, into the crowd. The coldness, the emptiness returned. Slowly, empty, void for emotion, Tip got up from the asphalt and opened the back door to the car. Alright, she would find mom, and then- then- then what? Live here, in Australia? One step at a time, Tip, one step at a time. She crawled into the backseat to find the Boovphone Oh had left. Her backpack was on the floor, closed and turned upside down. The sketching book was lying in the seats, though, and Tip frowned in confusion. Hadn't she placed it in her backpack? Then why- her heart stopped, and she jumped forward to grab the book. She flipped, hastily, to the last pages, absentmindedly noticing that the two drawings of them with flower crowns were missing. There was a drawing of him there, done in a haste, but so realistic it almost hurt to see him use his hands to form a heart, all while smiling. How on Earth had he been able to do it so quickly? He'd only had around six or seven minutes before Tip turned around to look at him! The words ' is this how beautiful you think I am?' were scrawled across the paper opposing the drawing. A single word shone up at her from underneath Oh's legs. Yes. And Tip cried. An: And I find myself, again, legit begging you people to review. I'm serious. This is going downhill. Do any of you actually read my stories or what? And if you do, why don't you review ? Do you like my stories? If you do, why don't you bloody review? I need feedback, come on guys! Please![Chapter 4] \"Mom!\" Tip yelled as she ran through the streets, pushing some people aside, ducking beneath some arms and running in zigzag to avoid crashing into people. \"Don't you dare,\" she snarled at the Boovphone in her hands. \"Don't you fucking dare!\" It was blinking red and a text reading low battery had shown up some minutes ago. Mom was always moving around, it was almost impossible to know where to go without the Boovphone. If it conked out now, she had to rely on her instincts. That was never a good idea, she knew as much, and she picked up her speed. Her lounges where whining in protest and her breath became heavier by the second, but she had to find mom , if not, then-! Then-! \"No!\" Tip wheezed and shook the Boovphone as the text begun blinking faster. \"No, no, no, no, no!\" The screen went black, and Tip stumbled and fell. She wished that Oh hadn't been in charge of the car keys, if she had had them everything would have been easier. Tears stung in her eyes and she curled up into a ball. No, I can't sit here, this isn't a good place . Slowly, painfully slowly, Tip got up and stumbled over to a bench. She drew her legs up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them. Just breathe. In, out, in, out, deep breaths Tip . She sat in silence for a few moments, just focusing on calming her breath. She would find mom. She would . It didn't matter that all humans on Earth were here, right now, she would find her . What could she do? The Boovphone was out of power and she had no way to charge it. At all. But wait! She had a cellphone with 34% left! With shaking hands, Tip drew the phone out of her backpack and pressed the 'on' button, impatiently tapping her fingers against her knee. The phone blinked on, and Tip shuffled through the front pages until she found what she was looking for. Her finger was hovering above the 'call' button when she remembered that no. Mom's phone is broken and at home . She had probably gotten a new one, but she wouldn't have the same number. What now? Tip rested her forehead on her knees and drew a shivering breath. \"Miss?\" a voice broke in. \"Are you okay?\" Tip looked up and into the face of a stranger. \"No,\" she whispered. \"I can't find my mom.\" A spark of greed lit up the man's eyes, and Tip stiffened. \"Poor you,\" he said with a small smile. \"I'll help you find her, come with me.\" When Tip didn't move, his smile melted away and he bared his teeth. \"I said come with me!\" Tip threw herself off the bench and ran. How had she gotten in this position? When on Earth had this gone so bad? Now every stranger, be it man or woman, seemed to be out after her. She knew that it wasn't true, but in her thoughts they were all stealing her away and doing horrible things to her. \"Mom!\" she yelled in panic, almost choking on tears. \"Mom!\" She had a photo on her cellphone. Without thinking, Tip opened it up and zoomed in on her mom's face. She was getting desperate, shoving the picture into people's faces and asking, \"seen her? Seen her?\" The answer was always no. She had 20% left. Tears were blurring her vision and she was nearly stumbling as she tried to find her mom. She had 15% left, and the tears were streaming down her face now. Some people asked if she needed help but she pushed them away in fright. Ten percent left. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four- \" Mom! \" There was no answer, and her phone died in her hands. Tip hiccupped and stared at the black screen. Tip wasn't sure exactly how it happened, but suddenly she found herself being dragged into a side alley with a hand covering her throat and an arm around her body. Her eyes widened in panic and her phone slipped out of her grasp, falling to the ground and breaking. \"Now little flower,\" a rough voice said. It was the man from earlier. \"You're all mine.\" Tip screamed, but all that came out was a light wheeze as the man tightened his hold around her neck. Tears wet her cheeks and she closed her eyes. She couldn't breathe. She couldn't breathe, and now she was panicking and the man was pressing up against her and this was not good . \"Stay still,\" the man snarled. \"And this will go much smoother.\" He was going to rape her. He was going to rape her, and if she survived the encounter she wouldn't be able to recognize his face, he could be from anywhere around the world, and why on earth would the police care about her? She was black, and young, and a girl- how short was her skirt? How much had she been drinking? Tip, desperately, tried to kick him or step on his foot or something, but he tightened his hold even further and lifted her up from the ground. \"Gck-\" She lost the feeling in her legs at the same time as her vision became blurry and unfocused. This was it. \"I told you to stay still!\" She was going to die. She felt dizzy and lightheaded as all the fight went out of her. The world was spinning, and she got tunnel vision after a short while. Tip was going to die. She couldn't say that she'd died happily, but if there was an afterlife she could, at least, say that she had known love. Suddenly, the man groaned and let go of her. Tip fell to her knees and gasped, gulping down air and ignoring the pain it caused her. Her vision was still swimming, though, and she fell forwards onto all four, coughing hoarsely. \"What the-?\" The man gasped in outrage. \"You!\" \" Do not, \" a voice growled. \" Touch her .\" Upon hearing the voice, Tip forced her head to turn, just in time to see the man fall to the ground. A red, blurry shape was pointing something at his fallen form. … Oh? Just as she lost consciousness, she heard a voice cry \"Tip!\" No, wait! she thought, but it was too late. \"What happened?\" Oh whispered when she woke up. \"You have been crying! Where is Mymom?\" Tip took a few deep breaths before she tackled Oh in a hug, sobbing into his shoulder. \"Oh,\" she murmured. \"Oh, I thought I was going to die, I thought I'd lost you!\" There was a shocked silence before he hugged back, patting her gently. \"Shh,\" he soothed. \"I am here. You are not the dead, Tip, I am here, I am okay, we are okay.\" \"You came back,\" Tip whispered. \"I told you,\" he said, still flaring that pretty pink color. \"I would be returning!\" Tip still had tears left, it seemed, and she did nothing to keep them back. \"Are you really okay?\" she asked quietly, pushing away from the hug to look at him. He was 'the fugitive Boov' after all. Huh. That was new, the rock on top of the cane thing. \"Yes,\" he said and nodded in excitement. \"The Boov made me into a Captain!\" Tip blinked a few times. \"What?\" she finally said. \"I saved the ship,\" Oh explained. \"With the twig, it was excellent fuel for Boov mothership.\" He pulled said twig out of his shirt. \"Though I am still having it. I held a speech, and- and Smek was shushing me but Bestfriend Kyle stopped it and then poff! I am Captain.\" Oh nodded solemnly as if that should explain everything. Instead of digging more, Tip just shook her head and smiled, before pulling him into another hug. \"I missed you,\" she muttered. Oh pulled back and searched her face. He frowned in worry. \"You have been crying,\" he said slowly, blue eyes shimmering in the dim light. \"Why?\" \"The Boovphone didn't have any power left, then that dude tried to get me to follow him, and then I tried to call my mom but realized that no, her phone's broken and then I tried to find her using a picture I have of her, but my phone died without anyone recognizing her, and then that dude came again and tried to rape me but now you're here, so everything's fine, Oh, I'm fine, you're fine, we'll find my mom.\" Oh nodded along while she spoke, as if ticking off points on a mental list. When she finished the rant, he smiled reassuringly and grabbed her hand, giving it a small squeeze. \"We will resume the findings of Mymom,\" he said, and raised his eyebrows in a calming gesture. Tip took a deep breath, closed her eyes and nodded. \"Yeah,\" she agreed. \"We will.\" They were much closer now, much closer to the red blinking dot. Tip was holding Oh's hand and pulling him along as she walked as fast as she could before it could be called running. She was smiling now, and suddenly all the strangers were smiling back, and they seemed so much calmer, almost safer. She had Oh by her side now, his warm hand in hers, and soon there would be a family reunion. The day was shaping up to be a bit better than she thought just minutes ago. The man, curse that dirty fucking pig, laid forgotten in the street, though Oh had scanned him so that they could report him to the government later. Not the human government mind you, they wouldn't do anything, but the Boov government. They had very strict rules about that kind of thing. \"We're almost there!\" Tip said down at Oh, who smiled and made a happy noise. She went up on her toes and looked around, trying to get a glimpse of dark hair, or of brown eyes, a familiar face, a scent, a sound- the crowd split, and there she was. Mom. Tip stopped, and the Boovphone slipped out of her grasp as if it was coated in oil. She breathed hard a few times, just staring with an open mouth. There she was . They'd found her, finally, after almost a week of searching and flying around the world. They'd found her. The woman froze, as if noticing Tip's gaze on her back, before slowly turning around with disbelief in her eyes. Tip let go of Oh's hand and ran, not for the first nor the last time that day. Her mom ran, too, and they met halfway in a tight hug. Tip felt lightheaded again, but this time it wasn't because of someone trying to murder her. Then mom pulled away, and Tip watched in surprise as she kicked Oh in the face –she winced, had she really done that too?- and tried to push Tip backwards. \"No, wait, mom!\" she said, finally catching up with the situation and rushing over to Oh to help him up. \"This is Oh, he helped me find you. He saved my life!\" Tip tried to explain, but she needed more time than this if she was going to tell the whole story. She opened her mouth but cut herself off, turning around to meet Oh's eyes in a silent question. The nod she received was small, almost uncertain, but it was definitely there. \"He's my boyfriend…\" Oh promptly turned pink, while mom's eyes went wide in shock. \"You love him?\" she whispered. Tip nodded without hesitating, and mom turned to Oh. She smiled softly and took his hand, throwing all of Tip's expectations out of the window. \"I don't care what you are if you can make my daughter happy,\" she said. \"Thank you.\" Tip saw Oh smile, before mom turned back to her to give her another hug. \"Tippy,\" she whispered. \"My beautiful girl!\" Did she really have more tears left? Tip sniffed quietly and blinked hard. Apparently. She was back with mom now. The journey was over, but still… it felt like it had barely begun. \"I've been looking everywhere, mom!\" There, she said it. No reason to worry her mom too much, she didn't have to know that she'd almost been killed. \"I was so scared I'd never see you again,\" mom whispered. There were tears in her eyes, too. \"Mom, I'd never stop looking until I found you,\" Tip said. She was vaguely aware of Oh muttering something, and then mom hugged her again. The time of peace was not one to last, however, as a dark shadow was cast upon the land. \"We must demonstrate our affections later ,\" Oh said, and Tip pulled away to look at him. \"Uh, there is still one problem.\" He turned around to look at the sky. Tip's eyes widened when she turned her gaze upwards. She'd seen that color and shape before, but not in such dimensions. Gorg. \"Um, excuse me, what is that?\" cried mom, pushing Tip backwards. Tip herself was doing nothing, she was too annoyed at the world. It had been peace for one moment. Just one damn moment, before the Gorg decided to ruin the party. \"That is Gorg mothership. They are here to destroy the planet.\" \"They're going to destroy the planet!?\" mom shrieked in disbelief. \"Yes,\" Oh replied, casting cautious glances over his shoulder and raising his hands in a calming gesture. \"But I haves a plan.\" Tip was mad, and anxious, and frightened out of her wits. Oh had apparently thought her useless , or defenseless , -it didn't matter which, they both hurt- and locked mom and her into the Slushious, before sending it up into the air. She was really confused, too, in all honesty. But she had to help him. She couldn't just let him do this alone. He was going to survive this. He had to. \"It's not gonna work,\" she told mom, staring out at the window with narrowed eyes. \"They're not gonna see him!\" She frowned and thought hard for a moment, before lighting up. She reached into her backpack and retrieved a gift wrapped in red Christmas paper. \"Merry Christmas!\" she rushed and pushed it into mom's face. \"Now?\" she asked. \"Just open it!\" Mom looked confused, but did as she was told and pulled the red paper off. \"Aw, thank you sweetie, but-,\" Tip reached out and grabbed the mirror, climbing onto the seats and popping her head out of the roof window. \"Tip, what're you doing?\" \"Distracting the driver,\" Tip replied, holding up the mirror and trying to catch the sun in its surface. Moments later, the green beam from the spaceship was pointed directly at her. \"Yes!\" She put the mirror away in favor of pointing and gesturing wildly towards where Oh was running. Why he was running she had no idea, but he'd said something about something that had to be returned. She gestured harder. She wasn't sure whether it worked or not until the ship gave off green sparks and the captain apparently hit the brakes. \"Yes!\" she yelled. \"It worked! It's working, the ship's stopping!\" There were a few moments where everything seemed to become all right. Tip could even see Oh doing a little happy dance down on the ground. \"It's not gonna work, the ship's not gonna stop in time,\" mom exclaimed up at her. It was true. The ship wouldn't stop in time. Tip gasped and dragged her feet onto the roof of the car. No . No . \"Mom, help me with this… thing !\" she cried, kicking the scannerthing Oh had used. It blinked in offense, or perhaps defense, and the car jumped in the air. Soon they hit the ground, and Tip threw herself of the roof, stumbling and falling to the ground. \"Oh!\" she cried. \"Oh! Run!\" She heard her mom yell \"Tip! Tip, stop!\" but she didn't care. There was dust in her eyes and mouth, making it hard to breathe, and the wind was blowing hard, making it harder to run. But there, close to his own death, she could see him. She could see Oh. No ! It wasn't okay! This wasn't going to happen, not now! It was bad enough when he left her, this was worse, she couldn't watch as he died. She couldn't! This wasn't happening. \" Oh ! \" She screamed the name at the top of her lounges, pushing as much emotion into it as she could. Oh turned around and looked at her with wide eyes filled with emotion. She couldn't tell which ones, only that they were swirling around each other in a mad dance. His chest heaved, as if seeing her made it difficult to breathe. He looked down at something in his hands, and then he looked up at her again. His eyes were so soft, almost apologetic, as if he was saying sorry for something. No, Tip wanted to scream. You don't have to be sorry for anything! Oh! No! I love you , he mouthed. The cracks closed up, and the ship stopped. The ship hadn't stopped in time. The ship hadn't stopped in time. \"No,\" Tip whispered, falling to her knees. She couldn't save him. She hadn't been there in time to save him. There was a rock in front of her, a rock the size of her palm. It must've been the thing that needed to be returned. It had to be. She picked it up and stared at it. Was this all because of a rock ? How the fuck was a rock more important than Oh's life? Seriously? She just- she couldn't- what- Someone touched her shoulder carefully, and Tip looked up. \"Mom,\" she whispered. She leaped up and threw her arms around her mom's neck, sobbing before she realized it. Her heart was screaming, her soul was screaming and it almost felt like the twig was burning up against her chest. He couldn't be dead, he just… he just couldn't . He couldn't . But he was . \"Shh, Tip,\" mom whispered, stroking her hair slowly. \"Shh…\" \"I love him, mom,\" Tip hiccupped. \"I know, sweetheart, I know.\" Tip had problems breathing, it felt like her chest would explode. He was gone. He was gone for good this time. He wouldn't come back to save her, not again. She wouldn't be able to hold him, to kiss him goodnight, wouldn't be able to hear more about the Boov. She couldn't impress him anymore, couldn't play with him in water, couldn't listen to him singing softly in the night, couldn't, couldn't, couldn't- couldn't love him anymore. The ship begun to beep loudly, and Tip stood up slowly, turning around and narrowing her eyes. She wasn't sure what she expected, why she turned in the first place, but- She gasped, because- perhaps she could love him. \"Oh!\" She was at his side in seconds, pulling him close and holding him tighter than ever. He hugged back almost immediately, without hesitating, and Tip could feel his skin warming up with pink. \"You scared me so bad!\" she cried. \"You were scared?\" Oh replied. \"I almost made a number three!\" Tip smiled shakily, and pulled him back into a hug. She could. She did. \"I love you,\" she muttered. \"I love you, too.\" \"I know.\" An: And with that, our story comes to an end... or does it? What if Oh was too late to save her? *gasp* do I sense more chapters? I doooooooooooooooooooooooo[Chapter 5] An: bare with me, it's not the same chapter as the last. \"Mom!\" Tip yelled as she ran through the streets, pushing some people aside, ducking beneath some arms and running in zigzag to avoid crashing into people. \"Don't you dare,\" she snarled at the Boovphone in her hands. \"Don't you fucking dare!\" It was blinking red and a text reading low battery had shown up some minutes ago. Mom was always moving around, it was almost impossible to know where to go without the Boovphone. If it conked out now, she had to rely on her instincts. That was never a good idea, she knew as much, and she picked up her speed. Her lounges where whining in protest and her breath became heavier by the second, but she had to find mom , if not, then-! Then-! \"No!\" Tip wheezed and shook the Boovphone as the text begun blinking faster. \"No, no, no, no, no!\" The screen went black, and Tip stumbled and fell. She wished that Oh hadn't been in charge of the car keys, if she had had them everything would have been easier. Tears stung in her eyes and she curled up into a ball. No, I can't sit here, this isn't a good place . Slowly, painfully slowly, Tip got up and stumbled over to a bench. She drew her legs up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them. Just breathe. In, out, in, out, deep breaths Tip . She sat in silence for a few moments, just focusing on calming her breath. She would find mom. She would . It didn't matter that all humans on Earth were here, right now, she would find her . What could she do? The Boovphone was out of power and she had no way to charge it. At all. But wait! She had a cellphone with 34% left! With shaking hands, Tip drew the phone out of her backpack and pressed the 'on' button, impatiently tapping her fingers against her knee. The phone blinked on, and Tip shuffled through the front pages until she found what she was looking for. Her finger was hovering above the 'call' button when she remembered that no. Mom's phone is broken and at home . She had probably gotten a new one, but she wouldn't have the same number. What now? Tip rested her forehead on her knees and drew a shivering breath. \"Miss?\" a voice broke in. \"Are you okay?\" Tip looked up and into the face of a stranger. \"No,\" she whispered. \"I can't find my mom.\" A spark of greed lit up the man's eyes, and Tip stiffened. \"Poor you,\" he said with a small smile. \"I'll help you find her, come with me.\" When Tip didn't move, his smile melted away and he bared his teeth. \"I said come with me!\" Tip threw herself off the bench and ran. How had she gotten in this position? When on Earth had this gone so bad? Now every stranger, be it man or woman, seemed to be out after her. She knew that it wasn't true, but in her thoughts they were all stealing her away and doing horrible things to her. \"Mom!\" she yelled in panic, almost choking on tears. \"Mom!\" She had a photo on her cellphone. Without thinking, Tip opened it up and zoomed in on her mom's face. She was getting desperate, shoving the picture into people's faces and asking, \"seen her? Seen her?\" The answer was always no. She had 20% left. Tears were blurring her vision and she was nearly stumbling as she tried to find her mom. She had 15% left, and the tears were streaming down her face now. Some people asked if she needed help but she pushed them away in fright. Ten percent left. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four- \" Mom! \" There was no answer, and her phone died in her hands. Tip hiccupped and stared at the black screen. Tip wasn't sure exactly how it happened, but suddenly she found herself being dragged into a side alley with a hand covering her throat and an arm around her body. Her eyes widened in panic and her phone slipped out of her grasp, falling to the ground and breaking. \"Now little flower,\" a rough voice said. It was the man from earlier. \"You're all mine.\" Tip screamed, but all that came out was a light wheeze as the man tightened his hold around her neck. Tears wet her cheeks and she closed her eyes. She couldn't breathe. She couldn't breathe, and now she was panicking and the man was pressing up against her and this was not good . \"Stay still,\" the man snarled. \"And this will go much smoother.\" He was going to rape her. He was going to rape her, and if she survived the encounter she wouldn't be able to recognize his face, he could be from anywhere around the world, and why on earth would the police care about her? She was black, and young, and a girl- how short was her skirt? How much had she been drinking? Tip, desperately, tried to kick him or step on his foot or something, but he tightened his hold even further and lifted her up from the ground. \"Gck-\" She lost the feeling in her legs at the same time as her vision became blurry and unfocused. This was it. \"I told you to stay still!\" She was going to die. She felt dizzy and lightheaded as all the fight went out of her. The world was spinning, and she got tunnel vision after a short while. Tip was going to die. She couldn't say that she'd died happily, but if there was an afterlife she could, at least, say that she had known love. She had known love, and she was loved back- she'd been happy for four days, and then it was ripped away from her. Reality slipped away.[Chapter 6] Tip opened her eyes and stared into a white roof. What was- hadn't she died? The phantom feeling of hands on her throat was still fresh, what the-? \"Ooooh, hello sweetheart,\" a voice cooed, and Tip tried to sit up when she started. Only, her muscles wouldn't listen. She couldn't move anything but her head. So of course, she moved it. There was a woman standing there, right next to her, smiling widely. \"Good morning,\" the woman chirped, picking her up. Wait, what? Picking her up? Tip looked down on her hands. They were small, too small, and she gave a startled sound. They were pale , almost white in color. What the-? Tip looked up at the woman again, meeting her eyes. The pale woman smiled. \"Come to mama,\" she whispered. Tip screamed. Mary, a young white girl with straight blond hair and green eyes, grew up to the stories of Oh the Boov Captain and Gratuity Tucci, his lover. Gratuity had been murdered in a side alley just seconds before her love could save her. Oh, burning with rage, had killed the man and set off to save the world from the Gorg. Afterwards, he told their story. He showed the sketching book to the world. He begged the humans to remember Gratuity, to honor her memory. And then… then he took his own life. The third person of the story, Lucy Tucci, Gratuity's mom, had disappeared from the surface of Earth. No one knew where she was, and no one could find her. Not even the Boov. The main characters had died before the story even began. What the world didn't know, though, was that while Gratuity Tucci was dead, Tip was not. She was careful, read up on everything she could so she had an excuse for knowing so much about Gratuity. When someone said bad things about the black warrior, Tip protected her fiercely. When someone said bad things about the Boov leader, they could expect mud in their backpacks, frogs in their water, homework torn apart and graffiti on their lockers. No one could pinpoint these happenings to Tip, of course, but everyone knew it was her. When Mary was thirteen, Tip was twenty-six. She still loved him, but she'd given up. For all she knew, he was long gone. For all she knew he wasn't, but didn't remember. There were seven billion humans in the world, and even more Boov. If he was back –he wasn't,- and did remember –he didn't-, there was only the smallest of chances that she'd find him. So she became an artist, a famous singer. She begged, and prayed, that if he were out there, somewhere, he would take a moment and listen to her songs. Take a moment and look into her eyes. But she had never thought that it would work. Dear Mary, You probably don't know me, and that's alright. I'm not sure if I know you. I think I do. If I do know you, then you know me as well. Probably. I'm sorry, I'm rambling. What I want to tell you is that if this doesn't make any sense to you, forget about it. Forget about me. I'm a Boov. I have blue eyes. Once upon a time, a girl called them gorgeous. I think that you call yourself Tip. Yes, this is well-known knowledge, but I think so nonetheless. I think that you curl your hair out of a reason. I think that you know a lot about Gratuity Tucci . I think you know a lot about Oh, the Boov Captain. I think that you're drawn towards black locust trees . I think you have a love for flower crowns . You got an A in geometry. Do you remember that? Do you remember, Tip? I'm sorry if you have no idea what I'm talking about. Your eyes look so much like hers did. You carry yourself just like she did. Gratuity Tucci doesn't exist anymore, she's long gone. But, perhaps, if I'm lucky, Tip might still be out there. And I think that you're her. Rose, lilies, sunflower and rhododendron . -Oh Dear Oh, [Spilled ink] [Scratched out words] I call myself Tip. I curl my hair for a reason. I know much more than I should about Gratuity Tucci. I know much more than I should about Oh, the Boov Captain. I'm drawn to Black Locust trees. I have a love for flower crowns. Of course I remember, I've never forgotten one second the look on Smek's face. Or how you trusted me. I never told you how much that meant to me, that you trusted me when no one else did. Gratuity Tucci doesn't exist anymore, but I'm here . I have no idea why, or how, but I'm here . The roses were my favorite. The details were hard to get when I had no references, but in the end, I was proud of them (that's- that's a metaphor for our relationship my God). Of course, the ones you drew in my flower crown were much better (metaphor?). Please, where are you? When can I meet you again? Yours, -Tip. Tip was trying to control her breath. What if he didn't show up? What if it'd been a dream? Or a fake? No, surely not, only Oh could know these things… right? A sound startled her into opening her eyes. Her breath rushed out of her. \"Tip?\" the Boov in front of her said, slowly. He didn't look the same, obviously. Neither did she, after all. But his eyes. The blue, gorgeous eyes were still his. A bit older, yes, but they were still his. \"Oh,\" she breathed. \"Tip,\" he said, and now he was breathing fast too. Both of them were standing perfectly still, just meters apart from each other. They were on the hilltop close to Paris, the one where Oh'd apologized for the first time. So close, yet so far away. Tip gave a half sob and ran towards him, just as he ran to her. They met in the middle, Tip sinking down to her knees to meet him in a bone-breaking hug. \"Tip,\" Oh whined. \"I thought I'd never see you again, I thought you were gone forever! I thought- I thought I'd failed you , God, I'm so sorry, I was so close but I couldn't reach you in time, if I- if I'd been any faster I would've been able to save you, but-,\" He was speaking normally. God, he was speaking normally, and he was apologizing again and what was he rambling about? Tip felt lightheaded when she pulled back. \"Oh,\" she said. \"Do you still love me?\" He broke off mid-word and met her eyes. \"Tip,\" he whispered, shaking his head in disbelief. \"I never stopped.\" Tip laughed happily and hugged him again. There were tears, but they were happy tears, and Tip was hiccupping and giggling among each other. \"You speak normal now,\" she said, later, when they were laying in the grass and looking at the sky. \"I like it.\" \"Are you happy with how you look?\" Oh asked. Tip tilted her head a few times, first to the right and then to the left. \"I understand that I am not the same person I once was,\" she said slowly, frowning as she thought about it. \"And I have learned to connect this 'me',\" –She gestured above her body- \"With this life. I- I don't particularly miss being Gratuity Tucci, but- sometimes I wonder what could've been.\" There was a pause where Oh squeezed her hand lightly. \"If it helps,\" he said. \"I loved the past you-,\" \"Gratuity Tucci,\" Tip shot in. \"What?\" \"Gratuity Tucci was 'past me'. Tip is 'now me'.\" \"I loved Gratuity Tucci, then,\" Oh corrected himself. Tip closed her eyes, basking in the sound of his voice and the warmth of his body. \"But not because of her looks. They were a bonus, of course, and they still are!\" he was quick to assure her. \"But I didn't fall in love with how she looked. I fell in love with who she was.\" \"I'm not her anymore,\" Tip whispered. It was barely audible. \"I didn't fall for Gratuity Tucci only,\" Oh said. \"I fell for Tip, too. And while you're not… exactly the same, your core… it hasn't changed.\" \"I don't think I understand.\" \"Think about it like this, then.\" Oh rolled over to his side, and Tip followed suit, meeting his gaze. \"Green is my favorite color. Some people favor a special shade of green, but for me it doesn't matter whether it's this green-,\" He gestured towards the grass. \"This green,\" He gestured towards his tunic. \"Or that green.\" He pointed at her eyes. \"Because to me, they're all green. You may call it pale green, neon green, moss green or whatever, but at their cores, they're all green .\" \"There was a time where I was… sky blue,\" Oh continued on, never once breaking eye contact. \"But over time, the shade changed. I'm not sky blue anymore, I'm... marine blue. I'm not the exact same, but I'm still blue .\" Tip looked at him for a few seconds, and he stared back, emotionless, unmoving. Then a small smile grazed her lips. \"I like blue,\" Tip whispered, and pressed her lips to his in a soft kiss. An: this time I'm serious! The story has come to an end, and I am surprisingly enough happy with it. Are you? Tell me in a review! ","Summary":" When Tip woke up, it was to thunder and storm. And, well, a quite desperate, yellow Boov in the dri"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"You Give Your Love So Sweetly","Author":"InsanityatBest","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11031175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Marie had never been one for fairy tales. She used to argue with her best friend and sister about it all the time. \"I want a hero not a prince.\" \"Prince Charming is a hero.\" \"No. He's a pretty boy in a suit. I want a hero. Someone who will do the impossible for me. I want a Hercules, a Perseus, someone who will go to hell and back for me.\" \"Prince Charming can do that.\" \"Would he go against a god for me?\" Anne would always be silent after that. So when Marie fell, she fell hard for the man dressed in blue. \"Cory is a hero and I knew if I waited patiently enough I'd find a real one. Anne told me to look for Prince Charming. He doesn't exist. I found a Perseus and I don't think I could love anyone more than him.\" Marie said in her vows and kissed her soldier in marriage. So when Marie and Cory finally had a child, no one was surprised at her name. Marie held the little girl tight in her hospital bed. Her crystal blue eyes looked down at the little miracle in her arms with string hair from sweat falling into her face. Cory had never seen as being as beautiful as her face flushed from pushing and skin sweaty from giving him his first born. \"Andromeda,\" she declared the little bundle of pink skin and round blue eyes. Cory's finger stretched to her tiny pink hand and her grasp was tight as she hugged it close. \"More like Perseus,\" he joked as his finger reddened from the pressure. As Andromeda got older, Marie and Cory told her the story of her name. \"A long time ago in Ancient Greece, there were gods. These gods came from Titans who were large and very hard to beat. The titans were bad though and one tried to eat all his children after hearing they'd be stronger than him.\" \"You wouldn't eat me, would you Mama?\" A four year Andromeda asked with her own crystal blue eyes fixated on her mother's face. \"No baby,\" Marie reassured and squeezed the small hand in hers. \"But the Titans were bad. One child escaped named Zeus and his brothers Hades and Poseidon created a creature named a Kraken to get rid of the Titans. The Kraken put all the bad Titans away.\" \"What happened next, Mama?\" \"Zeus became king of the gods. Poseidon the God of the sea and Hades the God of the underworld. Zeus created people who rebelled after a time and tried to start a war with the gods.\" \"What'd he do?\" \"The gods wanted to kill the people for being so bad but Zeus loved them like I love you. He couldn't hurt his children but he went to the people king and started it all. The king that started the war had a beautiful wife who loved him dearly and waited for him at home. Zeus took the form of the king and stole his wife's love.\" \"But Mama you're not supposed to steal.\" \"That's the bad thing Zeus did. From that love, came a baby that didn't belong to the king. He was so angered and betrayed he ordered his queen and the baby to be thrown into the sea.\" \"But they were okay, right?\" Marie shook her head sadly and saw her daughter's face fall. \"The queen did what all mother's do. She saved her son with her last breath. A fisherman found the son and named him Perseus. He grew up loved and happy but wanted to know where he came from.\" Andromeda took a shaky breath and rubbed her eyes with her fists. \"You're okay, baby,\" Marie reassured before continuing. \"After Perseus had grown, another king started a war with the gods. This time Zeus put his brother Hades in charge who didn't love people.\" \"What did Hades do?\" \"He took away the king 's wife and told the king to sacrifice his beautiful daughter Andromeda to save their city.\" \"No, Mama! Why?\" \"The queen Cassiopeia loved her daughter so much she declared her more beautiful than the goddess of beauty. All modesty was lost and so she paid the large of a large head.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"The queen thought she was better than everyone else and it got her killed.\" \"Anyhow, Perseus had come to the city and they begged for his help so that they could save the princess. Perseus fought Medusa, a cursed woman with snake hair and eyes that turned people to stone. He fought the king who tried to kill him as a baby. Just in time, he fought the great Kraken who was more powerful than the gods and won. He saved Andromeda and the princess loved him so much for the sacrifice they married and were happy together for the rest of their lives.\" \"Mama?\" \"Yes, baby?\" \"I want to be a Perseus.\" Marie kissed her daughter's forehead and slowly withdrew. \"Be Perseus but be my Andromeda too.\" When Cory died, Marie didn't know what to do. She stared blank eyed at the coffin that used to hold the hulk of her man, her hero and sniffles. The small seven year old slid into her hers and Marie looked at Andromeda. \"Mama, we have to be a Perseus.\" Marie half laughed and half cried as she hugged the greatest gift Cory had ever given her. Her heart stopped when at twelve, she got that call from the school. \"Mrs. Shield, there was an accident with Andromeda today. We need your permission to take her to the nearest hospital.\" \"Is Andromeda okay? What happened?\" \"She fell into the pool and was pulled out by another student. Her head hit the bottom of the pool and she was knocked unconscious. She's awake now but we think it's best she be checked out.\" Marie had rushed to the hospital heart in her throat, eyes blurred with tears and chest so tight she couldn't breathe. \"Andromeda? Baby, talk to me.\" Marie had half sobbed and finally breathed when her dark eyelashes fluttered open soothing her with their shared blue eyes. \"Mama, I saw an angel with red hair today.\" Andromeda's voice was soaked with awe as she described he Angel to her mother. \"She was my Perseus.\" That same awed tone stayed and Marie stayed quiet focused on her little girl. \"I want to be her Perseus too.\"[Chapter 2] \"Mama, I saw an angel with red hair today.\" Screams and shouts echoed loudly in the high school pool. Middle schoolers jumped in the water and gym teachers valiantly tried to contain the eighth graders. One girl stood in the water content to just float and let the cold water brush against her skin in tingling waves. \"Ant!\" The call startled her and she jumped up with her heart in her throat. \"Ant!\" Andromeda turned around and sputtered as she was splashed. She raised her tanned arms in front if her face at the surprise attack. \"Stop,\" she squealed laughing. \"Tommy, you're a boy. It's not fair,\" she complained still laughing. \"How about now?\" A feminine voice added and Tommy shouted at the sudden onslaught of chlorine water. Their shouts and screams echoed in the school pool and the gym teacher Mrs. Beauton waddled over supporting her large bump. \"Tommy! Sue! Andromeda!\" Mrs. Beauton called out. \"What have I said about yelling?\" Andromeda's face fell at the scolding. \"I'm sorry, Mrs. Beauton. I tried not to but when I'm happy I yell.\" Andromeda explained with the innocence and honesty of a child. Mrs. Beauton had never forgotten Andromeda's face if not her name. \"I remember it was such an odd name and she was so... good. It was almost unnatural. I couldn't yell at her without feeling bad. She just had so much innocence even at twelve. I was real sad when I heard what happened.\" \"Try again,\" Mrs. Beauton said in a kinder tone. She thought for a moment and appealed to Andromeda's helping side. \"This baby is real uncomfortable and is giving me a headache.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Andromeda repeated distressed thinking she was hurting someone. \"It's alright.\" \"Looking good, Mrs. Beauton,\" Tommy called out. The gym teacher rolled her eyes in good humor. \"I'm eight and a half months. I'm a whale.\" She turned to leave when Andromeda spoke up. \"It's a girl.\" Mrs. Beauton turned around. \"What makes you tell?\" She asked curious having decided the baby's gender would be a surprise. \"Your hair,\" Andromeda gestured to her own head. \"It shines beautifully. Mom says that happens when you have girls.\" Mrs. Beauton blushed a little and reprimanded herself for it. She's just a child... \"Thank you, Andromeda,\" and swaddled back to her seat in the middle of the pool. \"Teacher's pet,\" Tommy pushed his shoulders against hers and Andromeda pushed back not taking it to heart. She turned her head to talk to Tommy and stopped when she saw the girl behind him. The girl was standing in the shallower part of the pool just watching everyone with her arms crossed tight over her still flat chest. Maybe it was her eyes that got Andromeda's attention. They were such a pretty shade of blue: dark like the beach water she played in every summer. They were wide and pretty but lonely in a way that made Andromeda's heart hurt. \"I'll catch up with you later,\" Andromeda rushed to say and waded her way to the sad girl in the corner. The girl was pretty but in an understated way. Her long hair was a pretty mix of blonde and red waving with no pattern down to her chest. Her eyes became impossibly wider as she saw the brunette with so many friends approaching. Her head dipped as Andromeda came closer. Andromeda came to her almost cautiously like you do with a scared animal: slowly and gently. She gave a little smile as she came closer. \"Hey. I'm Andromeda.\" The pre-teen hugged herself tighter and bit her lip after she answered. \"Carrie.\" Andromeda came even closer until they were face to face. \"What are you doing over here?\" Carrie's tiny shoulders shrugged and she seemed to curl into herself even tighter. \"Well, why don't you play with me for a while?\" Carrie's eyes became even bigger as Andromeda stuck out her hand for her. \"C'mon. Play with me.\" Hesitantly Carrie reached and touched her hand. Slowly Andromeda led the smaller girl away from the corner and closer to the center of the pool. Andromeda let go once they were closer to the net to grab a nearby ball and Carrie reluctantly let go of her hand. \"Catch!\" Andromeda shouted and threw the plastic ball to Carrie. The overhead lights flickered for a moment and some students looked at the ceiling in confusion. Carrie shut her eyes tight dreading the hit and was pleasantly surprised when she opened her eyes and the ball was in her hands. \"Throw it back,\" Andromeda urged her on smiling and Carrie smiled back. It's a game. Carrie thought to herself. She's still playing with me. Carrie for the first time smiled back and it was breathtaking. Her teeth looked so white when they touched her dark pink lips and the way the corners of Carrie's lips lifted like that, like the sun after a long day of rain, made Andromeda want to make Carrie smile all the time. It looked so perfect when Carrie smiled like she was born to smile. Andromeda was so distracted, Carrie threw the ball and she didn't catch it. It hit the water with a splash beside her and made Andromeda jump before she shook her head and started laughing. The movement kind of stung as the long wet hairs hit her face. \"Good shot,\" Andromeda said laughing and tried to wipe some of the water from the splash off. She grabbed the ball and threw it cheering when Carrie caught it this time and immediately threw it back. \"Nice!\" Andromeda shouted before throwing it again. The game continued for a while before Andromeda grew bored and let the ball fall back into the pool. This time when Andromeda came close, Carrie didn't flinch but still watched her as she walked. Carrie had never met anyone so nice before or so pretty. It seemed too good to be true this one girl wanted to talk to her, to be with her. It made Carrie want to smile all over again. \"You wanna talk on the steps?\" \"Want to,\" Carrie corrected and blushed when Andromeda looked at her confused. \"I want to talk.\" Andromeda smiled again and took Carrie's hand leading her to the steps on the shallower part. Carrie had never felt anyone other than Mama grab her hand. It was always tight, suffocating and hurt leaving a dull ache that reminds. I'm mama's. Mama's little girl. Be a good girl or get in the closet. Pray for forgiveness. Forgive her she knows not what she does. Andromeda's grip seemed grounding soft like... Follow me. Let's play. I like you. We'll talk and we'll laugh and you'll like me and I'll have a friend, a friend who's pretty and kind and looks like an angel. \"Where'd you go there?\" Andromeda asked and her eyebrows wrinkled in confusion. Carrie jumped as she came out of her thoughts and she looked to the pool water as she answered. \"Nowhere.\" Andromeda squeezed her hand before continuing to talk. \"How come I haven't seen you before?\" Carrie looked onto Andromeda's face before quickly glancing back down. \"Home school. The board wouldn't let Mama homeschool me anymore.\" \"My mom works for the school board. She's assistant principal here. Mrs. Shield. She's in the office.\" Mama. Sin. Sin. Showing your skin. Playing with boys. Burning. Closet. Pray for forgiveness, Carrie. Go to the closet. Playing with girls who play with boys. Whores. Jezebels' in plain sight. Carrie didn't look up at all as she answered. \"Mama works at the laundromat. She's worked there for a long time.\" \"I bet she's really good.\" \"Yeah,\" Carrie replied biting her lip. Andromeda didn't know what to do. Carrie wasn't like the other girls. She didn't bounce back so easily. Carrie now seemed like the pinball machine at the mall: moving in every which way that left you following in its every motion. It left your head spinning but you're so dazed, so transfixed you can't help trying to guess anyway, trying to move the ball and help guide it in any way you can. Seeing this made her heart hurt all over again. She hated it when people were sad and Carrie looked like the saddest person she'd ever seen. Andromeda took Carrie's hand and placed it on her face with Carrie's palm on her cheek. Carrie's were cool and wet from the wet ball with little drops dripping down Andromeda's face like tears but she paid them no mind. \"It's okay. You're okay. You're a Perseus,\" Andromeda whispered reverently it over and over like a prayer. Unknown to them, another girl was watching them. Chris Hargenson scowled glaring at the two of them across the room. Mine. Andromeda is mine. Andromeda and Sue and Tina and they are mine. How can she want to Carrie when there's me? I'm pretty aren't I? I'm pretty and she's like a boy and I'm supposed to like boys and she's supposed to be mine. Andromeda is mine. With that lost thought, Chris stormed out of the pool her petite body raging as she saw the golden girl of their class and the town pariah talking. Each step that Chris made would create a wall between her and Andromeda that would never fall. Andromeda was leading Carrie out of the pool with her tanned arm around her pale skinny shoulders. \"We can be friends,\" Andromeda comforted her. \"Just don't tell that's all.\" The taller brunette rushed over to the two girls nearly frothing at the mouth in anger. \"How can you talk to her?\" Chris half shouted half asked stressing the last word. As if Carrie didn't deserve to a name, recognition but a her, a creature to look at but never touch. \"Her name is Carrie,\" Andromeda said sounding eerily calm. \"I talk to her very easily.\" Her passiveness confused Chris enough to lower her voice. \"But you're my friend,\" the words were hard and Chris's grey eyes focused on Carrie with a harsh glare. \"Not hers.\" \"No, I'm not. The hero can't be friends with the monster,\" Chris balked taking a step back in shock. \"Did you just call me a monster?\" Andromeda used her arm to push Carrie slightly behind her ignoring Chris's prior statement. \"I can't be friends with a Kraken. It only tried to kill in the end.\" \"What'd you call me?\" Chris stepped closer to Andromeda and her perfectly waxed eyebrows furrowed further in anger. \"Kraken. Don't be the bad guy. I can't be friends with bad guys.\" It was stated like a simple fact. The sky is blue. I can't be your friend. \"But you can be friends with that?! She's poor! She's ugly! And she'll never be one of us! You'd choose her love me? An ugly ducking?!\" The worst thing about it all was the look on Carrie's face. Her eyes were planted firmly on the ground arms wrapped tight across her chest like it would protect her from every word spewing from the jealous girl's mouth. Andromeda scowled and her face suddenly seemed like angelic with her mouth no longer smiling. \"Don't say that and don't ever talk to me after this.\" Her normally soft voice was harsh with effectiveness for this girl behind her with the big sad eyes. \"This is all your fault!\" She shrieked at the frightened strawberry blond. Without thinking, Chris reached over to push the blonde but hadn't seen Andromeda take that step to further block Carrie. Splash ! Andromeda fell into the six foot part of the pool slamming hard into the concrete at the bottom. Thump . Her head bounced on the ground and she was knocked out on impact. The next time Andromeda remembered opening her eyes she saw her mother. Marie's eyes were red and bloodshot with restraints still present on her pale face. \"She has a grade three concussion. The fall into the pool must've resulted in her head hitting the bottom of the pool. It sounds serious but can be harmless. Notify the nurse when she wakes an we'll discuss this further.\" \"Mama, I saw an angel with red hair today.\" Andromeda didn't seem to notice the distress on her mother's face as she spoke. Her light blue eyes were focused on her mother's face but Andromeda seemed to be thinking out loud. \"She was my Perseus.\" Andromeda faintly remembered falling and seeing a red face with tears. A beautiful girl's face with sad blue eyes and cool tendrils of hair brushing against Andromeda's skin. Such sad eyes for such a beautiful girl... \"I want to be her Perseus too.\"[Chapter 3] Andromeda didn't know what she expected when her mother finally let her go back to school. Cards? Maybe. People telling her get better soon? Yeah. She didn't expect everyone to watch her every move like Andromeda was going to break. She wasn't fragile: nothing like glass. She was Andromeda Shield: she could play with the boys, hang out with girls and get High Honor Roll. If Andromeda could get the Chamberlain school district to let her play on the boys lacrosse team, she could do anything. Including watching over a little angel with long reddish blonde hair. Through what seemed like a neverending mass of fair wishers, Andromeda used her lanky frame to find her newfound friend. Carrie White's name spread like wildfire in the middle school. \"The new girl? I heard she pushed Ant Shield in the pool because Ant wasn't Christian.\" \"I heard Carrie only pulled out Andromeda to save her soul.\" \"I heard Chris saw Carrie push her in.\" Every word was a warped sense of what really happened at the pool. Rumor after rumor spread about the strawberry blonde but no one cared enough to know where she was. \"Why? She doesn't matter,\" Lucas Patrickson shrugged his shoulders disinterested. \"She saved me,\" Andromeda sounds incredulous and walks a couple steps closer to the teen. He automatically takes a step back and feels his heart start to race. Andromeda Shield was the town sweetheart. She did the right thing like help old ladies to their cars and tutored the younger kids. This Andromeda was a stranger. She wasn't friendly, wasn't nice, wasn't her. Her smile was gone, her face was stoic and her eyes: they were so cold. Andromeda was gone. That scared him more than anything else. \"Did you try to save me? Did you think about me? Did you think about her?\" Andromeda's voice is deeper in righteous anger and she walks even closer into the dark haired boy's face. He flinches at the closeness and barely manages not to hit the wall. Andromeda follows his movement without hesitation. He's almost frozen with tension: not of attraction but fear. Lucas feels smaller now, threatened, but can't seem to move. He is stuck. The pair stare eye to eye with Andromeda's crystal blue eyes entirely too focused on his own. Lucas tries to step forward to try to make Andromeda move but she follows his movements placing her arm as a barrier when he tries to leave again. I'm stuck. He looks up with his eyes widened in fear and now she's so close he can smell the mint on her breath. The smell is sharp almost strong and he recoils pressing close to the wall behind him. \"Carrie White matters,\" her voice is dark and sounds older and deep and oh my god he's terrified. Her mouth is tightly closed with no white teeth showing. Her dimples are nowhere to be found and her bright eyes seem almost grey. He doesn't know this Andromeda and that terrifies him. He nods when she speaks and only remembers after she leaves, what she said. \"It's best if you remember that.\" Andromeda sticks her head out the door. \"Carrie?\" Andromeda called out her name in the girl's bathroom. Her voice is lighter now and soft in curiosity. She tilts her head as if it'd better her hearing. \"Carrie, are you in here?\" Her gentle voice echoes a little in the school bathroom. Feeling awkward, she rocks her heels back and forth still trying to listen. Andromeda hears someone's soft sob but can't tell if someone is really crying. \"Hello?\" she calls out and more of her body becomes visible from behind the door as Andromeda inches in. A harder sob echoes through the bathroom and Andromeda walks onto the linoleum floor. Her eyebrows lower in worry as she calls outs again. \"Carrie, is that you?\" Andromeda's voice heightened in concern as a harsher sob came from a stall. Walking along, Andromeda bents a little so she can see a little underneath the stalls. She continues checking until she sees a pair of shoes in the last stall. Through the small gap, she sees they lead up to pale calves that tremble with every cry. The skin is so pale that Andromeda knows almost automatically who it is. The red haired angel is here and she's crying. \"Open the door.\" Her voice is still soft: pleading. Andromeda reached out one of her arms before rethinking it and laying them alongside her sides. She walks as she can to the door and stares as if Andromeda could see through it. \"Carrie, you need to open this door.\" Worry deepened her voice and she raised her fist knocking on the stall door. Knock. Knock. \"Carrie?\" There was a shaky breath from the other side and an answering sob. Andromeda didn't know what to do. What if she's like the girl on YouTube who killed herself? What if she's cutting or taking pills or not eating or someone hit and people are making fun of her? What am I supposed to do? A hero knows what they're supposed to do and I need to be her hero. I need to be her hero but I don't know what to do. I need to save her but I don't know how... \"Carrie, I need you to come out.\" Andromeda begged through the door and her own eyes took a suspicious sheen as the door remained locked. She didn't realize how quick a bond had formed. The teen had never had such a connection to someone else before. They barely knew each other but Andromeda couldn't forget Carrie White. Carrie just looked so sad all the time. She hugged herself so tight and always looked down and Andromeda couldn't stand seeing people being hurt. She liked it when people smiled and Carrie had the most beautiful smile. When Carrie smiled, Andromeda felt a funny feeling in her stomach that almost felt like sickness except Andromeda liked it. Andromeda liked it almost as much as the sad girl's smile. It was beautiful from that small glance but seemed so rare. She deserved to smile all the time but Andromeda didn't know what to do. I need to save her but I don't know how... \"I need you to come out. I don't know why but I do,\" Andromeda put her hand against the stall door palm touching the cool material as if touching skin. \"I need you,\" Andromeda repeated and leaned closer towards the door. She jumped slightly when Carrie spoke. Carrie's voice is different after crying almost harder and it makes Andromeda want to cry. She sounds so defeated and so confused like no one's ever cared for her...needed her. \"Why would you need me?\" Andromeda waits for a moment to put her thoughts into words. \"Cause you're the only one that tried to help.\" Carrie unlocks the door but doesn't move. Andromeda doesn't push it open but tries again. \"Because I care.\" The door opens slowly and she steps out. Carrie's face was still mesmerizing even when crying. Her face was slightly swollen from crying and her green eyes were reddened and looked wider from her tears. Her small nose was as pink as roses. Small tear tracks stained her pale skin. Carrie sniffled and Andromeda grinned slightly at the cuteness of the sound. That grin quickly disappears at what Carrie says next. \"It's my fault.\" Andromeda's face and voice loses some of its softness: angry for Carrie. \"Who said?\" \"Chris.\" It's quiet for a moment as Andromeda tries to process this. There's no logic for it. Chris, the girl who pushed her, blames Carrie, the girl she wanted to push, for pushing her, the girl who tried to stop Carrie from being pushed at all. Andromeda is silent as she tries to gather her words. Carrie mistakes it for something else. \"Do you blame me for what happened?\" This time Andromeda is quick to answer. \"Not even a little bit,\" Andromeda reassures and carefully puts her arm over Carrie's shoulders bringing her a little close at the sob of relief. Carrie turns until its hug with her thin arms wrapped tight over Andromeda's waist. Andromeda holds her looser not wanting her to feel trapped in her taller frame. \"Beautiful girls shouldn't cry.\" Andromeda's tanned hand slowly runs through the haphazard curls nails making Carrie's scalp tingle at the sensation. It's so calming that Carrie finds her tears quickly drying. The embrace though is so comforting that Carrie can't bring herself to leave it yet. \"You cry so beautifully though that I'll let you just this once.\" Carrie's head withdraws from Andromeda shoulder almost violently and she shakes her head much the same way. \"It's a sin. Vanity is a sin. No one can be beautiful.\" She states them hard, fast and panicked like these are actual facts that could hurt Andromeda. \"Then let me burn,\" Andromeda's voice is certain but airy as if hell isn't a punishment but a gift. She withdraws enough so they look into each other's eyes: pale green meeting crystal blue. \"Let me walk on the hot coals and see the flames flicker.\" Andromeda feel Carrie's breath almost stop at the declaration. \"Seems more of a sin to watch someone hurt and not do anything.\" Carrie is stuck silent: stuck in an impasse of which is right and wrong. She burrows back into Andromeda's shoulder where for a moment everything made sense because someone needed her. Someone cared for her. Andromeda was having an epiphany of her own that moment. Carrie needed saving and maybe she herself did too.[Chapter 4] The girls locker rooms echoed with the laughter and shrieks of teenage girls. \"Have you starting campaigning? I already-\" \"I order my dress two weeks old ago. It's blue and-\" \"My dress isn't here yet. I don't know what-\" Voices entwined and dispersed to create a symphony of voices. One however was silent. Andromeda stood with her back to the girls unspoken yet still existing. Her grey blue almost silver eyes were trained on the mirror in her locker. Andromeda ignored the girl talk as she slowly finger combed her hair into a high ponytail. She made sure to try to gather each strand arms bent and raised to get as many unruly hairs as possible. Just as all of her hair was in her grasp, one of the girls called for her attention. \"Ant!\" Sue sang from a couple lockers away. \"Ant!\" Unbeknownst by them, the others focused on the conversation in the making. Andromeda turned around in response and it became an ocean of hormones in the locker room. Eighteen years of small town life had convinced everyone that she was a boy. To the townspeople, it made perfect sense. Andromeda was just too tomboy to them to be a girl. She didn't wear dresses or skirts much. She played for the boys' sports team. She always pulled her hair back. Excuse after excuse filled their minds but it was the teenage girls who explained it best. Ant was the perfect boyfriend. It was the tragic logic of a small town. Sue thought for a moment on the stand before answering. She focused on her hands for a moment not seeing the manicure but memories flash by her eyes. The teenager sighed and began explaining. \"Everybody had a crush on Ant on one point. It was just,\" Sue shrugged her shoulders looking torn. \"She had a way of looking through you. It was like everything you said was being heard and like you saw you...completely. Then when she smiled,\" Sue's expression became wistful and it was hard to believe she was a high school senior and not a senior citizen. \"It made you feel so special like you really mattered. She'd do little things to make people smile. Give someone a cupcake at school for their birthday, go sit with the lonely ones.\" Sue sighed again. \"She even carried books to classes. She was just so sweet, so kind and so unreal. You wanted to protect her but be protected all at girl liked her and that look she could give you made it so easy to ignore that she was a girl.\" \"Any plans for prom? Sue's voice was light as she nonchalantly took off her shirt in plain sight. A certain strawberry stopped undressing in the changing room anxious as to the answer. Andromeda's eyes stayed firmly on Sue's face as she answered. \"Not all of us have a Tommy,\" Andromeda teased smiling and turned away to finish her ponytail. \"Besides, I don't think I'm going.\" A chorus of indignant teenage girls \"WHAT?!\" It was an uproar filled with shrieks and screams of hormonal high schoolers. Andromeda flinched a little at the vehicle but refocused her eyes on the peeling paint of her locker so she could finish. \"You know I don't have a date,\" her voice was relatively calm still almost teasing if it wasn't for Andromeda's white knuckled death grip on her lacrosse jersey. She turned her head to the rest of the girls not wanting to go in detail. Andromeda sighed and pulled the shirt over her chest before continuing. \"I didn't get asked and I was too scared to ask so,\" she shrugged but it was too stiff and jerky to be casual. \"We would've gone with you,\" the twins reply was breathy and Carrie bit her lip. Please, don't. Carrie held her breath for Andromeda's reply half in hope and half in fear. \"It's fine girls,\" Andromeda ignored the disappointed sighs to pull up her bottoms and she started tying her sneakers. Carrie let out a sigh of relief at the answer from her little hide away. \"I'm not going.\" This time Andromeda's words were hard with conviction. The girls sighed in disappointment and Carrie hurried out the locker room before anyone could say something else. She was the first out and watched the door stiffly waiting. It was like the first time Andromeda saw Carrie all over again. There she stood no longer little but still looking deciding small. Carrie was delicate, small and so heartbreaking to see when Andromeda left the locker room. The lights from the bright pool water made Carrie's already ivory skin look even paler further emphasized by her concealing black one piece. Tommy immediately headed for Sue hugging her tight and spinning her making her long golden blonde hair spin wild and free. Andromeda was far more discrete in comparison. She walked to Carrie ignoring the girls walking past and gossiping behind her. Steel blue eyes were warmer than fire as Andromeda looked at Carrie grinning with a closed mouth. \"Hey, Carrie.\" Andromeda spoke her name in such awe and respect that Carrie's cheeks resembled rose petals. Tommy glanced there for a moment at Carrie wishing for a moment Sue and him could be like that. He wished for a second that Sue and him could have that adoration spread in just one look, one moment. Tommy turned back to Sue feeling slightly guilty for even the thought. He ignored their interaction feeling like even the greeting was too intimate for other's eyes. \"Hi.\" Andromeda smiled wider completely enchanted by the cute creature in front of her. Andromeda's eyes were so startling compared to her skin: light blue against a tanned outline were completely honed on Carrie seeing nobody else. It was a look of adoration, of respect,of something Carrie had only ever read should be in the rapture. A glowing feeling of acceptance and something that seemed too important to be for two high school girls. An immediate smile spread across Carrie's face and she glanced at the floor for a moment before looking back at Andromeda's olive-toned face. \"I-\" A shrill whistle blown by interrupted Carrie and she looked back on the ground courage lost. Tommy reluctantly pulled away from Sue watching her leave before waiting for Andromeda. \"See you after?\" Andromeda rubbed her lips too nervously and unconsciously Carrie focused on the movement repeating it herself. Andromeda looked at Carrie for a moment torn before quickly planting a kiss goodbye on her forehead. It wasn't maternal, wasn't lust but lost control in the face of attraction. Andromeda flushed before hurrying to Tommy. He had walked to the side of the pool to give them privacy but saw everything from afar. \"We're gonna be late for practice,\" Andromeda avoided his eyes as she started to leave the pool. Tommy and Andromeda were nearly the same height at her five six and his five nine so he easily matched her quickened steps. \"When are you gonna tell her?\" Andromeda ignored the question and walked even faster to the exit. He turned walking backwards for a moment before stopping and grabbing her shoulders. She stopped but didn't look up at him clenching her fists and thinning her lips. \"Ant,\" he hesitated before throwing a lean but muscular over her shoulders. \"I don't judge. It doesn't matter. It's Tommy, you know, the boy who popped the ball in kindergarten. You stood up for me and I'm with you. It doesn't matter,\" he says the last sentence stronger before briefly squeezing her, \"I just wanna know,\" his voice is gentle and understanding. \"It's obvious and so perfect like one of Sue's Nicholas Spark novels but oh my god it's heartbreaking to watch.\" Tommy looked at her face again and she looked up at him this time. He stayed focused as he asked. \"Ant, when are you gonna tell her?\" His voice was still gentle, still calm and by far Tommy Ross was one of the best friends Andromeda ever had which is why she answered. Andromeda looked over her shoulder to see Carrie still smiling to herself arms wrapped tight across her chest. Her breath hitched and Andromeda's response was breathy but strong: weak yet filled with power. \"When she's ready.\" Author's Note: I am so late! I am so sorry but like I said if I'm not inspired, I won't write. Every time I tried to update something came up so please forgive me! I promise I'll try harder this summer and maybe I can write more since my school year just finished. Please forgive me![Chapter 5] Carrie stood frozen like a deer in headlights as Andromeda walked by clad in only a small white towel. Her dark hair was still wet from the school showers clinging to her skin in a wet embrace. Soaked strands held close to one another creating an almost dreadlocked appearance. Droplets dripped from her hair onto sun kissed skin and making it shine even in the fluorescent light. Some droplets trickled down a trail beneath the small towel and Carrie couldn't help noticing, couldn't help watching Andromeda come back to the shower. Carrie watched the other girl intently not noticing her head sticking out further and further from her locker. Andromeda slowed her pace feeling someone's stare. She turned her head and saw Carrie. Almost all her face was visible from her locker. Her pale skin stuck out drastically from the dull metal with Carrie's darkened eyes that looked more like olives than jades on her face. Carrie's eyes slowly followed the water trail ignorant of Andromeda's notice until she heard a quick exhale from Andromeda. Andromeda grinned catching Carrie in the act and felt a warm thinking that Carrie liked the way she looked. Carrie blushed at getting caught and quickly pushed her head into her locker. Andromeda chuckled to herself. She's so cute... Andromeda couldn't help help noticing what the locker door couldn't cover. For someone so small, her legs were so long... Andromeda shook her head to herself sighing but still smiling as she headed to her locker. She was quick to put her underwear and slowly wiggled back into her jeans cursing how all girl's jeans seemed to be a tight fit. Andromeda was in the middle of putting her buttoning her top when she heard the shrieking start. It was a shrill ear piercing scream that sent shivers down her spine and made her pause mid-sleeve. \"HELP!\" Whomever was shrieking was terrified and Andromeda followed through the lockers to the cries. \"HELP!\" The shrill screams echoed throughout the entire locker room and Andromeda walked even faster by the half dressed girls. \"HELP ME!\" The voice seemed familiar but the eerie decibel made it hard to put the name in the voice. \"I'm dying…\" A sob from the left echoed through the locker room. This was too familiar. \"Carrie?\" She called out and stopped for a minute looking for a glimpse of red. \"HELP!\" Andromeda broke into a run heading towards the shower wet hair still dripping onto her shirts. \"I'M DYING!\" \"Is that blood?\" Sue's voice was distorted but still recognizable. \"Oh my god..\" Andromeda heard the disgust and turned a corner. \"It's just your period.\" This time Chris was audible and there was a metal clang. Andromeda slowed down hearing the girl chatter and started to think she had just imagined it all. \"Just plug it up.\" \"Help me..\" Carrie's half pleaded and half shrieked made Andromeda keep going. \"Oh god..\" The girls laughter seemed so out of place with the cries and pleas that Andromeda was didn't know what was going on. \"Ewww..\" Something was being thrown and then metal creaked in protest. \"Plug it up!\" It started with Chris but spread through the girls like dominoes falling one after the other. \"PLUG IT UP!\" \"PLUG IT UP!\" \"PLUG IT UP!\" \"PLUG IT UP!\" \"PLUG IT UP!\" The chants surrounded the whole locker room in various tones but every voice was passionate with a cause she didn't know. Andromeda finally came to the showers and froze at what she saw. \"PLUG IT UP!\" Tampons were thrown everyone and in the center of it all was something lying in the shower area. \"PLUG IT UP!\" Water still fell onto the tile sounding much like rain but something was still so wrong. Why's the water red? \"PLUG IT UP!\" The girl on the floor looked up and gave a painful sounding sob that hurt Andromeda's throat with just the sound. \"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?\" Her scream was only half heard and so animalistic the girls who head were silenced in shock. \"PLUG IT UP!\" \"PLUG IT UP!\" Andromeda pushed the half dressed girls out of her way and stormed past them. \"No!\" Carrie cried even harder her face reddening like the blood she so feared leaving her. \"WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?\" Andromeda screeched with her backs towards them and rushed to cover Carrie with her overshirt. She ignored the uncomfortable feeling of wet denim and let Carrie grab onto the thin white material staining it. Carrie's breath was fast and hitched repeatedly as she tried to crawl into Andromeda making the taller girl slip onto the wet tile. The girls laughed at the spectacle as Ant tried to right herself but Carrie crawled further on top of her. Finally, she wrapped her arms around the traumatized girl and ignored the taunts and jeers of their peers. Carrie held a death grip on the now sheer material as she almost forced a bear hug on Andromeda. All Andromeda could do was over as much of Carrie as possible and comfort her. \"I'm dying,\" she kept crying into Andromeda's shoulders. Andromeda just held onto her shushing quietly muttering \"You're okay\" whenever Carrie stopped to take breath. That was the scene Ms. Dejardin walked in on. \"What's going on?\" Her voice rang with authority and Carrie clutched so much tighter to Andromeda she feared she'd cut skin. Without care, Ms. Desjardin pushed the half naked girls out of the way. Two teenage girls sat on the tile floor of the showers with a reddish blonde sprawled on the brunette's lap. Tampons covered the floor of the shower like haphazard decorations. The girls looked away from the showers when asked again. \"What happened?\" Sue stepped from behind the other girls and answered with a peculiar red stain on her white blouse. \"I think this is the first time Carrie's gotten a period,\" her voice was quiet as she answered. \"I don't think she knows what a period is.\" Ms. Desjardin stepped closer and saw the darkened jeans shuttering when she wondered if it was blood or water. \"Carrie?\" She approached Carrie almost timidly and put a hand on a pale shoulder. Carrie shuddered and buried deeper in Andromeda becoming louder. \"I'm dying. It hurts...It hurts…\" Like a song on repeat, Carrie kept speaking into Andromeda's shoulder. \"Ant? Are you okay?\" looked at the sodden teen and her eyebrows furrowed at the pathetic sight of both girls. \"Get to class,\" she ordered without turning back and heard the girls disperse. \"Carrie?\" \"It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It-\" \"Carrie?\" \"It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It-\" Ms. Desjardin lifted a hand and aimed high before Andromeda started violently shaking her head. Her stare screamed I dare you. When the palm was lowered, Andromeda raised her own to Carrie's face to lift it from her shoulder. \"Carrie?\" Her voice was as soft as clouds. \"It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts.\" \"Carrie. It's Andromeda.\" Tenderly, she pressed a small kiss on Carrie's forehead and soothingly kept light movements on her cheeks. \"I need you to be a Perseus, okay?\" Wide bloodshot green eyes looked back at her looking larger than ever filled with tears. \"I know it hurts but you need to get up for me to help you.\" Carrie blinked and her voice was hoarse when she replied. \"You need me.\" Andromeda couldn't bring herself to smile but tried for Carrie's sake. \"Yeah, I need you.\" Her grip loosened but didn't let go fully as Carrie tried to stand one hand clutching her stomach and the other Andromeda. \"It hurts.\" Andromeda stood up with her and slowly pushed Carrie's hair behind her ears. \"I know. We can make it better.\" \"Cause you need me?\" \"Yeah. Cause I need you.\"[Chapter 6] Carrie and Andromeda waited outside the principal's office on the wooden bench. They were quiet with one stiff in fear and the other in anger. Andromeda stared straight ahead foot tapping against the ground with every breath. Carrie's eyes traveled through the hallway unable to focus on anything but the soft skin in her grasp. Carrie's hand held Andromeda's in a death grip entwined so close it was hard to separate pale and olive skin. Pale blue eyes focused on the hands enfolded in one another. Unbiddenly, Andromeda's thumb stroked the space between Carrie's own thumb and pointer finger. Without thought Carrie's shoulders dropped and she sighed releasing almost all of her tension in that one breath. \"Carrie,\" Andromeda said her name quietly in that same breathless tone she'd used since they'd met. For all the noise in the hallway, Carrie's ears were keen to her voice. She moved her head training her eyes on Andromeda's face in response. \"Do you know what happened in the locker room?\" It as barely audible but Carrie still heard. \"They laughed,\" it was almost a whisper. \"I thought I was dying.\" Glassy green eyes looked at Andromeda as if she held all the answers. \"It's called a period,\" Andromeda stayed quiet to not draw more attention to their discussion. \"When females can have children, they bleed sometimes every month. That blood is what would've fed the baby when it was there. Since there's no baby, you bled.\" She stared right into those watery eyes keeping it as simple as possible. \"I'm sorry I let this happen,\" she squeezed Carrie's hand bit her bottom lip. Her own eyes started to sting from incoming tears. \"I didn't know they'd do this but I should've known,\" Andromeda's throat started to tighten. She took a breath but continued. \"Not everyone is a good person but I thought they were better,\" Andromeda turned her gaze to the ground. \"I expected better.\" She didn't see Carrie's growing concern, couldn't feel the tightening grip. \"I broke my promise.\" She blinked hard to stop from crying but failed. A small crystalline tear escaped sliding down her face. \"Please forgive me.\" A small hand slowly reached Andromeda's cheek catching the tear and gently guiding it back into Carrie's line of sight.. \"There's nothing to forgive,\" Carrie said earnestly. Throughout the conversation, the two had grown closer through they had never been far. The teenage girls faces were barely a foot apart and they swallowed at the proximity. Two boys sat on that same bench eyes watching the spectacle like it was their personal entertainment. The boy closest to the girl clicks his tongue at them sticking out his chin with each sound. Both girls turned: one insulted and the other curious. He wiggles his bushy eyebrows forming a hand into a fist. He pushed his tongue to his cheek repeatedly staring at them the entire time. Andromeda wrinkled her nose in disgust at the display while Carrie looked away. \"You, me, janitor's closet.\" It wasn't a suggestion, not a choice but an order that didn't sit too well with the bronzed teenager. Andromeda ignored him moving back into Carrie's direction. The teenage boy would've been fine if he hadn't gone so far. He slowly reached out his hand placing it onto her exposed thigh. Andromeda eyed the hand touching her exposed skin from the borrowed dress and that's when she reacted. In the blink of an eye, the brown-haired teen clutched his shin groaning in pain. She glared at the other boy daring him to try the same move. The other boy raised both his hands in surrender eyes wide in fear and shock. \"I'm good,\" he stuttered. \"Carrie White,\" called Ms. Desjardin interrupting the scene missing the small violence that had occurred. Reluctantly, she released Andromeda's hand and looked up at her pleading for something she couldn't name. \"It'll be fine,\" Andromeda tried to reassure her but Carrie's still panicked eyes held hers until the door shut. She sighed closing her eyes and leaned her head against the wall behind the bench. It was quiet for a couple minutes before Andromeda heard her name. \"I have a witness. Andromeda Shield was there with Carrie.\" Ms. Desjardin's voice was louder in indignation easily being overheard through the door. The principal opened the door still speaking to Ms. Desjardin. \"I'll let Marie know Andromeda is going home early.\" The portly man stopped to take a breath before calling her name. She stood up in response and walked into the small office. Fifteen minutes later, Carrie walked out the high school with her mother. held Carrie tight to her body almost suffocating her into spindly side. Their wild frizzy hair blew in the breeze as they hurried to the car. Andromeda left the school alone stalking to her own small car. Her dark brown hair fluttered in the breeze and exasperated Andromeda pushed her hair back using her right hand. At the front of the school, the popular seniors stood in front of their cars giggling and carefree. Sue broke away from Tommy smiling and laughing with her golden hair flowing in the breeze. \"Ant!\" Andromeda looked from the floor and stared at Sue. It was a look Sue had never thought would be aimed at her. Andromeda glared at Sue with a look so dark it was almost unrecognizable as she slid into her car. Sue's smile slipped off her face. The blonde teenager shut the car door hair flying at the movement as she still leaned in the passenger's side. \"Thanks for the ride,\" Sue grinned at Tommy and kissed him eagerly. It was dark then with the stars sparkling in the exposed sky: a time when it seemed anything was possible...even forgiveness. He kissed back just as messily, just as enthused. \"Need a ride home?\" Tommy asked as he withdrew looking straight into Sue's eyes. Sue thought it over for a minute biting her cheek before shaking her head. I don't want anyone to see this. \"It's fine. I'll walk. See you at seven?\" Tommy smiled as he answered. \"Count on it.\" They kissed one last time eyes closed and hearts racing. With a wave, Tommy drove off heading home and Sue stayed there to watch him leave. When he was gone, she turned seeing the Shield home. Andromeda's face came back to her mind: glaring with a look so dark it gave Sue chills down her spine. The smile slipped off her face. The pretty tall blonde walked to the porch with the enthusiasm of a man going to the electric chair dragging her feet with every step. Anxious, she rocked on her heels on the porch. Sue was hesitant to knock on the door eying it in growing fear. She bit her lip as she tried to gather what little courage she had. What do I say? What do I do? Ant'll forgive me. I mean she can't be that mad, right? Sue tried to calm her racing thoughts and quickly knocked on the imposing wood. Knock. Knock. Knock. They seemed groundbreaking for the nervous teen, almost obnoxiously loud. She almost jumped when it actually opened. Mrs. Marie Shield answered the door opening it halfway. She was still beautiful aging gracefully like fine wine. A few silver strands stained her dark brown hair. Her own brown eyes were darkened from sleepless nights yet still they tightened at the sight of the blonde teenager. \"Sue Snell,\" Mrs. Shield's lips pursed at the end of the name. Sue rubbed her lips raw searching for what to say. Finally, she spoke her voice quiet. \"Mrs, Shield,\" Sue rubbed her lips once more. \"I-I'm here for Andromeda.\" \"Did you run out of pads?\" Andromeda's mother asked. Sue bit her lip hard and furrowed her eyebrows in confusion. \"I don't-\" \"Were the tampons too light at the school? I heard the heavy duty can really pack a punch,\" She sneered. Sue looked like she had just been slapped. \"How did that feel? To think you did worse to my daughter and one of her friends. I expected better of you Susan D. Snell.\" Mrs. Shield's disappointed expression was too similar to Andromeda's. Sue looked to the ground. \"I'm here to make things right,\" her voice was feeble as she replied. Mrs. Shield's face relaxed cooling into an intrigued expression. \"How so?\" Sue looked up with her head a little higher but just barely reaching 's eyes. \"I'm going to apologize first. Then I'll do whatever it takes so we stay friends,\" Sue said sincerely and gave an abysmal small. \"She's the best friend I've ever had.\" Mrs. Shield looked torn for a moment before shouting into the house. \"Andromeda! Sue's here for you!\" Sue smiled wider relieved at the concession. \"Tell her I'm not home!\" Sue's smile faded hurting a little but not expecting any less. \"She knows you're here!\" Andromeda ignored the propriety instilled in her since toddlerhood. \"Tell her I'm sick.\" Mrs. Shield grew agitated at Andromeda's excuses. \"Andromeda! We don't lie in this house!\" \"I am sick!\" Sue heard Andromeda yell from upstairs. \"Sick of people like her!\" Her voice was incensed as she shouted loud and hard from her safe haven. \"Andromeda, I taught you better than this.\" That disappointed tone that had cut Sue made Andromeda stomp down the staircase. She stormed to the door all but ignoring her mother who quietly departed. \"Why are you here?\" Andromeda wasted no time nor effort broadcasting her rage. \"I-I-\" Sue took a deep breath. \"I'm here to say sorry.\" Sue excluded vulnerability but for once Andromeda wanted to attack, to be strong. \"No, you didn't. I don't think you're sorry at all.\" Andromeda's blue eyes were ice as she spat her views. Sue looked wounded. \"Of course I'm sorry,\" her face contorted under the attack unused to such treatment. \"No, you're not,\" Andromeda stomped closer until they were toe to toe. \"Because you didn't try to help us.\" Sue had to look up to meet Andromeda's eyes and flinched at the contempt inside them. \"You helped her,\" She seethed through clenched teeth. \"You're pathetic!\" Watery eyes were filled with hurt but unable to move away at the verbal assault. \"How awful are you that you have to bully Carrie?\" \"I-I don't-I'm not-\" Sue stammered trying to defend herself. \"Yes, you do. You don't stop it, you don't help. You're worse than Chris!\" Andromeda accused filled with righteous fury. \"I can't believe you! Chris but you?!\" Sue could no longer look her in the face. She stared at the ground feeling her eyes fill and her throat tighten. \"I know-\" Andromeda interrupted blind to Sue falling apart and uncaring even if she was. \"You don't know! You don't know anything! Carrie's my best friend! You're supposed to be my best friend! Someone I can count on! What the hell were you thinking?!\" Andromeda didn't notice she'd been shouting until she stopped to breathe near panting with the effort. \"Andromeda, I-\" Sue looked up from the ground broke. Crystalline tears glistened on her cheeks as she sobbed. \"Please forgive me.\" Andromeda was quiet watching the display still angered but calming. She watched Sue cry passively knowing if she herself moved, Andromeda wouldn't be able to control herself in trying to comfort the bully in front of her. \"I'll forgive you when Carrie does. Maybe even yourself.\" Andromeda's voice wasn't dead but as if she herself wasn't there: disconnected from it all. She turned around and walked through the door shutting the wood silently. Sue continued to sob on her porch hugging herself tight with golden strands falling in front of her face. \"Please...please...forgive me.\"[Chapter 7] Carrie sat huddled in the corner of the closet. The wood was uncomfortably cool in the dark space lit by only a few candles. Her head was buried deep in her crossed arms as Carrie trembled in the small space. Carrie's ears rang with her mother's worlds as she rocked herself back and forth. \"You showered with those other girls. You had lust-filled thoughts.\" Carrie half hid in her locker memorized by Andromeda as she left the showers. Her dark hair was still wet from the school showers clinging to her skin in a wet embrace. Soaked strands held close to one another creating an almost dreadlocked appearance. Droplets dripped from her hair to her sun kissed skin making it shine even in the fluorescent light. Some droplets trickled down a trail beneath the small towel and Carrie couldn't help noticing, couldn't help watching Andromeda come back from the shower. Carrie froze at being caught but then Andromeda gave her a toothy grin face lighting up at the sight of her that Carrie couldn't handle the butterflies swiftly hiding back into her locker. Carrie froze for a moment at the last word but shook her head in denial as if to shake that guilt away from herself. The rocking motion soothed little as Carrie hugged herself tighter and tighter remembering Andromeda's embrace. Someone was talking. The voice was distorted but undoubtedly feminine and filled with care. \" Carrie.\" She couldn't even fathom doing anything right now. Her stomach ached pulsing and Carrie could think was that she was dying. I am dying. It hurts. I am dying. It hurts. I am dying. It hurts….. \" Carrie.\" \" Carrie.\" There was something about the way Andromeda said Carrie's name. It could how her lips formed the name touching briefly with every syllable. It could be the look in Andromeda's eyes when she said \"Carrie\" as if Carrie was the most important person in the world. It could even be her voice soft and almost honeyed. Andromeda said Maybe it was a combination of all three. She was Carrie's only friend: the only one who cared and the only one she could trust. Andromeda was almost always there. ' Would I want to be here without her?' Carrie shook her head manically as if the physical action could shake that thought away. I don't want to be alone. Could it really be a sin to want someone to love her? Was it really awful of her to want someone to need her?\" Andromeda's voice echoed inside her head making Carrie's heart race all over. \" I need you.\" Could it really be that awful to want someone to love her? Am I that bad of a person that no one could? Carrie shut her eyes tilting her head to a heaven she'd never seen but always read of. She pressed her palms together \"O Heavenly Father, please forgive me,\" Carrie began her prayer voice overflowing with respect and fear. \"I know when I've sinned but God how could this be a sin?\" Her voice became desperate for answers. Carrie stopped to take a shaky breath before continuing in a whisper. \"How could love be a sin?\" Carrie said almost inaudible. \"No one cares for me here except her and I can't let her go now. She's all I have.\" Carrie stopped to breathe once more shoulders dropping as she felt the weight of her world. \"They've sinned, I know they have.\" Carrie shrunk into herself as she beseeched God's wisdom. Please let me have one thing. Let me have Andromeda. I know I have no right to ask but please. Mama said we're born of sin, the first sin, there's no way I'd ever be clean. Please God please. Let me have Andromeda…. Please…. Carrie leaned the wall and still praying when she fell asleep. The candles melted low but still she did not move. Pale eyelids tinted gold fluttered when the door opened and more light entered the small space. \"Have you prayed for forgiveness?\" Margaret White stood in the doorway her needlepoint still in hand. Frizzy auburn hair appeared like a lion's mane in the humid air. Worse were her eyes like deranged beacons they became black empty pools with no emotion to the girl in the corner. Carrie looked up from where she had fallen asleep on the ground. Carrie looked into her mother's eyes bleary-eyed still not recognising the madness in hiding. \"I did,\" Carrie said softly rubbing the corner of her eyes. \"I think he's forgiven me too.\" Sue sat on the bleachers waiting for lacrosse practice to end. Her blonde hair fluttered in the breeze of near summer while Sue's eyes were glued on two. Sue watched unsure to interrupt what she was seeing. Tommy Ross and Andromeda Shield played on the spring green grass having the time of their lives. Andromeda sprinted in front of him smiling wide her lacrosse stick in hand as she tried to make it to the goal. They laughed carefree before he dropped his stick picking her up from behind. Andromeda laughed eyes crinkling and teeth shining as she shrieked. Tommy spun her around her hair twirling round and round as she laughed until the coach stepped in. \"ROSS RELEASE SHIELD!\" They both froze like frightened children before Tommy gently placed her back on the ground still wide-eyed. \"Tommy!\" Sue called for him already striding to the field blue eyes honed on the two teenagers. Andromeda's smile disappeared quick as lightning at the sight of her. Her face hardened making Andromeda appear as if made of stone. She turned her back to the blonde and began striding to the girls locker rooms. \"SHIELD!\" Andromeda ignored her coach's call and continued to leave. Sue's face dropped but quickly tightened in determination. I can fix this. They meet and Sue greets him with a frenzied kiss. She kissed Tommy too eager and too fast leaving Tommy dazed and confused. He draws back first eyebrows furrowed. \"What's going on?\" His voice is deepened from the kiss but heightened in worry. \"I know how to fix this.\" Sue ignores his confusion talking but not truly listening. \"I'm going to make it up to Carrie.\" Tommy tries to piece his girlfriend's thoughts together so he can understand. \"Isn't Andromeda the one that's mad? Did you apologize to Carrie yet?\" She tilted her head and gave him a look wondered when he'd become so obtuse. \"She's having my prom.\" Tommy bites his cheek before responding his voice soft in hesitance. \"Sue, I really don't think you should-\" Sue interrupts him in her zeal for forgiveness. \"Every girl deserves a prom: one night to be a princess. I've seen her looking at you. She couldn't say no.\" He bit his cheek once more remembering the pool as Tommy tried to refute Sue without outing Andromeda. \"I think you've got it all wrong.\" Sue stood up straighter looking him straight in the eyes. \"Famous sports players do it all the time. They take someone handicapped or disabled to prom. Sometimes, they even bring the quiet girl and give her the best night of her life. One night, Tommy, that's all,\" her eyes pleaded for this one thing. Tommy didn't respond and Sue quickly withdrew him from more distant and tense. \"You're bringing her to prom and giving Carrie that one night.\" Her tone left no room for denial. \"I want to go to prom with you.\" Tommy pulled her close again holding onto her waist loosely. She avoided his eyes looking into the distance. \"That's too bad 'cause I'm not going.\" He tried to look into her eyes again but she turned her head. \"Sue-\" \"I don't deserve to go after what I did,\" Sue finally looked back at Tommy and crossed her arms under your chest. \"Tommy,you're bringing Carrie. I don't want to go..\" He looked at her still pleading and rapidly she pulled his arms off of her. \"I won't say it again.\" Her face hardened before Sue walked away. \"Sue.\" She kept walking back to the school. \"Sue!\" \"Sue!\" \"Sue-\" \"She's not mine to take!\" He yelled desperately but quieted when he noticed the attention they were getting. \"She's not mine to take,\" Tommy said sighing and dropped his shoulders in defeat.[Chapter 8] Andromeda didn't know what she expected when she went to school. She didn't expect apologies. She didn't expect silence. Andromeda thought maybe she'd need to yell or threaten to get through the day. However, Andromeda didn't expect the graffiti that welcomed Carrie White back to Ewen High. \"Carrie White eats shit\" marred the main corridor in bright white spray paint. It spread across five lockers back to back an illuminating backdrop against the burgundy paint. No matter how hard the janitor scrubbed or how hard Andromeda helped, it wouldn't leave. If only Carrie's life were that simple that only a couple layers of paint could hide all hurtful experiences away. Thankfully, she had Andromeda but even that couldn't be enough. Carrie stood in the bathroom staring straight into the mirror. Her face crumbled seeing every difference screaming how Carrie felt she didn't belong. The other teenage girls hid their marks and imperfections. Carrie couldn't do the same. Carrie's lips both the upper and bottom lip quivered at seeing her own face. Hurt, Carrie began to pull apart the braid her braid: a horrible reminder that she'd never be one one of them. She stared harder into the mirror tearing herself further apart. Ugly. Pathetic. Disgusting. Freak. Green eyes stared hard at the mirror face twisted in a pain she couldn't explain. The glass fractured in agony slowly webbing in from the corner and cracking on a path no one knew. The glass shrieked as it finally scattered into the sink below. The glass slowly rose like puppets on a string hovering over the sink. Fear and awe slowly overtook her self loathing. The glass stayed above the sink Andromeda opened the bathroom door faltering when she heard no other sounds. \"Carrie?\" Andromeda asked her voice raising in curiosity and concern. \"Carrie, you in here?\" Andromeda asked in the same breath stepping further into the bathroom. Carrie jumped at the interruption quickly turning to the door with her green eyes trained to the door. The glass dropped into the sink shrieking on impact each shard almost dancing from the landing. Andromeda ran further into the bathroom at the sound and stopped short at seeing Carrie. What if she saw? Carrie's eyes were wide seemingly taking the whole of her face. Carrie's mouth was parted slightly dropped in surprise and horror. \"Are you okay?\" Did you try to- Andromeda bit her bottom lip hard preventing the question from escaping. I don't want to know. She wouldn't. Would she? Her eyes fluttered over Carrie searching for even the smallest drop of red. Carrie watched Andromeda's reaction transfixed. She found no purple or red on the pale skin exposed and relaxed. No, of course she wouldn't. Andromeda didn't move for a moment just looking at Carrie before biting her bottom lip slightly. She sighed before seeming to come to an decision. Andromeda walked closer reaching out her hand steadily looking for any signs of discomfort. \"May I?\" Her voice came out gentle and soothing making Carrie's tense form relax. Andromeda softly finger combed Carrie's hair trying to tame the little fly aways that always escaped. Carrie's eyes never moved from Andromeda's face. \"You look so pretty with your hair out,\" Andromeda said her voice filled with wonder. She thinks I'm pretty... It was quiet in the room with the only sounds being the their breathing and the almost silent noise of Carrie's hair being moved. The moment was broken after what only seemed like seconds. The door opened with a bang in the silence making both girls separate and bite the their lips at the loss. The teenagers watched the other girl enter a stall before standing there awkwardly avoiding each other's eyes. \"We must really have a thing for bathrooms, huh?\" Andromeda joked giving a half hearted grin. Carrie stood still her only movement was the imperceptible nod towards Andromeda. Her eyes remained completely honed on the floor. Andromeda turned her head back to Carrie's direction and frowned. A tanned hand slowly lifted Carrie's chin until they were eye to eye. \"Can I walk you to the library?\" Carrie studied Andromeda's eyes for a moment before gently tugging on the hand on her chin. She maneuvered them still studying Andromeda's reaction before clutching her hand. Their hands clasped together and the heavy feeling in Carrie's stomach seemed to dissapear. \"Yeah,\" Carrie's voice trembled in her throat before she cleared it softly. \"Y-yeah. I'd like that.\" The small hand in Andromeda's held tight as they began to walk. Click. Click. Click. Whisk. Whisk. Whisk. Typing and page turning echoed through the library walls. The mismatched carpenting muffled what few footsteps could be heard. Few students sat haphazardly focused entirely on their textbooks. Some walked between the bookcases easily hidden from sight. A student or two typed viciously working on late papers. Carrie sat at a computer a stack of books at her side. Each book was thick with words like \"Telekinesis\" and \"Psychic\" written on their spines. At the moment, she was intent on the video in front of her. A young hand hovered over an open book gesturing slightly to the left and a page of the book followed. Carrie slowly got closer and closer to the screen mesmerized. Andromeda walked closer to the familiar sight of wavy red-blonde hair until she was right beside Carrie. \"Hey,\" Andromeda said sitting down in the chair beside Carrie's ignoring the computer for Carrie's face. \"What are you doing?\" Carrie jumped automatically pausing the video on the computer screen. \"I'm sorry. Did I scare you?\" Andromeda asked breathless. Her hair dripped slightly onto her tank top and Carrie's eyes followed the trail of a drop until it disappeared into Andromeda's shirt. Green eyes slowly went back up to Andromeda's face before lowering at the amusement she found in blue. \"It's fine if you don't want to talk about it,\" Andromeda said ignoring what she'd caught except for the small grin on her face. \"I just want to help.\" Carrie looked conflicted for a moment seeing the honesty before looking back at Andromeda. \"Can I?\" Carrie moved her head slightly in acquiescence which was enough for the taller girl. Andromeda leaned over Carrie's chair reaching for the mouse. \"Let me help you.\" Andromeda clicked on the square on the far right of the video. \"This button makes it full screen.\" She's right there… As Andromeda withdrew, her chest brushed softly against Carrie's arm. So close… Andromeda was just there… The unique smell of peppermint and nature wafted into Carrie's nose. She's still here. Carrie glanced at Andromeda and blushed at what she found. Andromeda was smiling her eyes twinkling with mischief. I caught you. The pink in her pale cheeks slowly brought back the innocence of Andromeda's smile and her reverent stare was back once again. Andromeda turned her seat until she was angled toward Carrie and got a little closer. \"I like that color,\"Andromeda said and feeling a little bold, reached out her palm to touch Carrie's cheek. \"When you blush. It looks like cherry blossoms.\" Their faces were close eyes staring deep enough to see their souls. Andromeda glanced at Carrie's lips, swallowed and slowly leaned in. Carrie didn't move away or near but shut her eyes. A book fell from the stack and they both practically flew apart from each other. \"I-I should go,\" Andromeda said rushing up and tightening her grip on her backpack. She stood above Carrie clearly struggling before quickly kissing Carrie's cheek and speed walking out the library. Carrie watched her leave half relieved and half yearning ignoring the video playing by itself. ","Summary":" Marie had never been one for fairy tales. She used to argue with her best friend and sister about i"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"The Legend of the Black Armor","Author":"Hija de la Tempestad","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12921457","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"The Legend of the Black Armor\" Chap. 01: Enter the companions . Attention this is meant as a second part of my first QfC fic \"Highlander\". If you didn't read it, this story will not make much sense. Some say one's fate is tied to the land, as much a part of us as we are of it. Others say fate is woven together like the threads of a tapestry, so that one's fate intertwines with many others. It is a force that drives Kings and vassals equally; an unavoidable, potent power that decides the future of many, settling it on stone. Or does it? But when a single soul fights against this singular force, pursuing to cut the sturdy threads of this tapestry, the very course of History can be altered forever. And not always for the better. The High Lands. Despite all these years listening to the low whispers back in Camelot's Court about hostile territory surrounded by harsh mountain ranges, a heart of ice even in the warmest summers and a persistent invisible web of arcane energies that acted as a protective carapace against any attempt King Arthur's army had done in the past to retain a land with a mind of its own since its last Lord, the fearsome renegade known as \"The Red Knight\", had fallen in disgrace; Lucius couldn't help but notice that the said land was… astoundingly beautiful. True that the cold, mostly in the many nights he had spent sleeping in the wilderness, was a constant, relentless remainder about how resistance and brute strength were two essential, necessary qualities to endure successfully the impact this wild land did even in the most valiant of hearts. But that didn't diminish the beauty of this fertile, lush soil even in the slightest. Eyeing first the small bonfire they had prepared in order to roast the meager, skinny rabbits they had encountered in the mountains while searching for something that could make a good dinner, then his companion by his side, Lucius noticed just how sharp the sword's blade was becoming under the experienced ministrations with the hand whetstone. - Where did you learn how to sharpen a blade? The said companion, green eyes and a pale serious face behind a wild mass of curly, bright red hair, stopped their movements briefly to immediately continue with the task. The still black steed with red ruby eyes by their right side showed briefly its sharp fangs. Were not for its constant presence by its rightful owner, Lucius would have felt… rather intimidated by that unnatural thing . - I've grown amidst soldiers and magic practitioners. – the voice, a rough yet feminine voice answered – Whatever task regarding combat, swordsmanship and maintenance of the armor and weapons I don't know, it doesn't exist. - Bit boasting, are we? – Lucius joked raising playfully an almost white eyebrow. His companion's red brow, the brow of a girl, furrowed while her green serpentine eyes shone with amused malevolence. - Boasting, you say? – she repeated, a twisted yet charming smile upon her pale lips – Care to test my blade and its sharpness against yours to prove your point, Knight-Boy? \"Knight-Boy\" . That had been her sort of pet name she had given to Lucius the second day of their shared journey towards the North, discovering new places and sharing suspicious glances in the dark around the fire. They didn't trust completely each other, but they seemed to share a common unspoken sympathy for each other that lead, more often than originally expected, to amicable verbal banter. She could be a girl, but talking with her was like talking to another boy, a dark, pensive, arrogant, yet somehow funny boy. He could see with pristine clarity why so many had sworn their blades and their loyalties to this strange soldier girl. Her aura, if a bit unsettling, had something so potent in its very essence that it screamed to the winds protection, victory… power. For someone so young, she was powerful. Lucius had never encountered before someone with a soul so indomitable… except for his own mother. Feeling a pang of sadness and nostalgia, Lucius still wore his mother's memory close to his coward heart. He remembered many evenings in his parents' chambers where his mother, the brave Lady Kayleigh, would teach him how to strike a pose and defend his flanks at the tender age of six while his father, the skeptical Sir Garrett, would laugh and lift him over his broad shoulders like a potato sack saying that it was Sleeping Time and no \"no-no's\" like to trench between their bed's covers and cushions or begging repeatedly and untiringly to the point of being annoying from a very rebel Lucius who asked for more time and a tale about warriors and dragons before unwillingly going grunting to his bed where he would dream to be knight one day just like his parents. But that dream, as he grew up, was lost somewhere within him as he witnessed how dark and miserable the kingdom under Arthur's rule was becoming. Because he saw how many of the knights at the Round Table were look upon as the last hope for that diseased land that awaited for its sovereign to cure himself from his invisible illness. And those high standards were held with the utmost rigidness, not a place for doubt or disobedience. Were you a knight at the Round Table, it was expected from you to literally die for your King. And such a sacrifice for someone who had never instigated hope or even the minimum respect in the young man's heart was a sacrifice Lucius wasn't willing to do. He now knew, deep in his heart, that without Perceval finding the Holy Grail and thus reawakening Arthur from his depression, Lucius eventually would have sworn loyalty to the bold Mordred, now sitting by his side as a girl and being, to his knowledge, the closest resemblance of a friend he had had in many months since Galahad's disappearance. And he still didn't know anything about the fate of his childhood friend. It was disheartening. However, as these thoughts reflected on his visage while an absent look put his eyes over the shadows around the bonfire dancing around him as a sort of spell, suddenly a hard nut collided with his cranium eliciting an unwilling moan of pain. - What's with the long face, Knight-Boy? – the rough feminine voice, her voice, asked – We're not so brave when talking about crossing blades, eh? - I wasn't…! – but noticing the almost impish smile full of sharp teeth she gave him, Lucius rolled his eyes – My thoughts drifted to my mother for a moment. I wonder if she's okay or if she even lives. Mordred… or Medraut as it was how she preferred to be called, looked at him with an odd mixture of feelings collected within her green irises that Lucius was unable to interpret at first. - Sometimes I myself do wonder about my own mother's whereabouts when she doesn't appear before me to say what she needs to say to, immediately, morph into some weird animal and leave as soon as she comes. – she snorted, but something told Lucius that snort wasn't reflecting any type of amusement by her part – She always does the same trick. Like those old hags she hangs with: you will never find them by your own means, they always find you, whenever you want it or not. That's the way of true witches, they never meddle with mortal affairs or mortals themselves unless they want to achieve something. - Your mother is a witch? – asked Lucius while throwing more dry wooden sticks to the fire and rotating the almost cooked rabbits. - Sure she is. – Medraut answered gazing with those green eyes of hers the blazes in front of her, a sudden seriousness settled all over her knife-sharp features – Ever heard about Morgan Le Fay? He had heard that name while hiding in Arthur's last moments conversing with the girl by his side… but he had never related that name to anything remotely close to sorcery. True that name had been synonym, as long as he could remember, of bad augury and many blamed a somehow mythic figure of a woman clad in black as the source of the darkness that had been surrounding the land for so many years. But nobody related that to a witch's doing. The whispers about this Morgan Le Fay were something more of a pagan legend than anything else. Perhaps an angry spirit or a spectral apparition whose sight was a sign of incoming death or something like that. Until that very moment when Medraut had spoken this name in Arthur's presence, Lucius had always thought that this woman wasn't even real. It had been just an unholy name, never to be spoken in his grandmother's presence, for it always brought a dark look on her gentle features. Lady Julianna had never been a keen enthusiast of local legends about spirits, and that one in particular had been always an unspoken \"no-no\" within Lucius' family. Now he wondered why. - So she's real then? – the young man asked again, clearly intrigued – Her name had been always a sort of ill omen for many peasants, but I've never thought said woman actually existed. - That's another witch thing: to weave their presence among local legends, never confirm their true identity, neither their very existence. – Medraut said with a dark look while picking one skewered rabbit that looked crunchy enough and risked a bite – Learned that long ago, when I started to ask questions whose answers aren't meant for child's ears. With a pensive look, Lucius took the other roasted rabbit and, mimicking her, took a bite from the meat to, a second later, regret it dearly. - Holy sh…! – he exclaimed as his tongue and lips burned with the heated meat – How in the Hell did you manage to eat that so nonchalantly?! Medraut laughed. And her laugh made Lucius forgot his pain for a brief moment. When she laughed he forgot the boy-notion he had towards her and saw the girl she truly was. And he was unsure why that notion made him blush. - The trick is to tear the meat with your teeth without using your lips. – she explained while taking another bite – The tongue thing is something you build up with time and many uncomfortable blisters 'till the muscle gets hard enough. - Urgh… - Lucius grunted – And that's not bad for your taste sense? Y mean, if you charred your tongue… - Nah, it just gets you a sturdy, rough tongue. Nothing more. – she said between munches, offering a piece of her roasted rabbit to the monstrous black beast at her right side, his own dapple horse munching grass a few paces away nonchalantly – Try eating some roots: the rougher you got your tongue, the easier is to palate and swallow them. - Roots? – he asked with a slight grimace of repulsion – Why in the Heavens would you want to eat roots? - Awwwww, the Knight-Boy doesn't like roots for supper. – she mocked with a feigned sugary tone – Does your momma know how spoiled you are, princess ? - she emphasized. Blushing furiously, Lucius attempted to strike her with his rabbit on a stick, but she swiftly counterattacked with hers. - Ha! Rabbit-on-a-stick duel, is it? – she exclaimed pleased as a malicious grin spreaded all along her face while both struggled with their unsuspected weapons intertwined – Challenge accepted. So this way, Lucius found himself rabbit-on-a-stick-playing in a clumsy and caricaturized representation of a sword duel against an eager opponent who proved herself to be quite inventive even with such an unusual and ridiculous weapon at her disposition. They'd got their duel, their meal discarded by the grass and, after such a strange display, their roaring laughs echoing through the dense, dark foliage of that mountain grove they were in. And neither of them thought about their absent parents and their own loneliness when they went to sleep, tired and happy of having someone to laugh with. After their evening prayers, the loyal congregation of Christian believers guided by the once dashing ex-knight Lancelot du Lac settled their camp near the swamp that had been the mute witness of Uryens' demise few weeks ago. Lancelot felt unable to abandon that place, ashamed of his inaction towards such an injustice, paralyzed of what his old eyes had saw days before word ran around the kingdom about Arthur's death. This black knight, this Mordred, had killed him. But still nobody had claimed Camelot's Throne yet and many whispered about the sudden disappearance of Excalibur. A King without a sword… the land without a King! What will become of us now? – he thought, scared; still shocked of so many events unwrapped in so little time, still in denial about Arthur's death – My Lord, give me strength and enlightenment for my people, for they need hope where I cannot find it. Futile attempt after another, for the Christian God wasn't a merciful one but rather this kind of deity that needed proof of your faith and repentance before showing you the light. And Lancelot had been so many years wandering in the dark that he wouldn't recognize light even if it stabbed him between his ribs. Pretty much like an unknown blade had just done with his midsection. Feeling the pain with a slight delay until it reached his brains, the coppery taste of blood flowed within his mouth as his battered form fell limp right into the swamp mud. He felt then a metallic sole of an armor's boot in his lower spine pry off with the sword that had gone through his lungs until the owner of said sword managed to unlock it from his body. Knowing his strength was abandoning him quickly as the blood smeared the mud under him, Lancelot made a last effort to turn his weak body around until he was face to face to his killer. And the eyes he found looking at him with disgust and hatred under a dark hood were like his own crystal blue eyes. Then, a sudden spittle pearled his brow. - Look at you, the mighty Sir Lancelot du Lac! – exclaimed a soft masculine voice so full of venom that gave the dying man some pause, trying to discern his attacker's features under that hood while searching for something he couldn't place yet – Now a pitiful, battered old man. How low your pride has befallen, you froggy * bastard. - Who… who are you…? – asked Lancelot, still unsure of what his instinct screamed crystal clear while his eyes were unable to tell about. The face above him, the face of an angel of death, hardened its features while a thin thread of green glow ignited their eyes. - You…! – Lancelot exclaimed while choking with his own blood and bile – You are… a warlock! Then a sudden, cruel smile plastered upon those perfect, cruel lips. - Yes, magic is strong within our bloodline. – the other said with a tone cold as ice, metallic, unnatural – But what should really trouble you is who are you looking at: do you recognize me? – he asked before removing his hood. Then after a quick examination, the pieces finally fit and a look of pure horror froze the ex-knight's features, leaving his corpse still with that same petrified expression after life had abandoned him. - May you never find the peace in your rest, you bastard. – the soft masculine voice hissed amidst the swamp fog around their still forms – For everything you have done to me, I curse your pitiful carcass to raise at my command. Raise, Lancelot du Lac, raise! As the battered body covered in blood and mud got up to behold its Master with empty, dead eyes, the warlock smiled cruelly at such sight. - Come, my servant. – he said while evaporating amidst the growing dense fog – For there's still much to be done. - C'mon, Knight-Boy! – her voice teased him from several meters fore him and his mount – A snail would prove quicker given your progress through the thickness of these woods! - Says the one who mounts a thrice-damned demon horse! – he indignantly exclaimed, tired of zigzagging between a foliage so dense he barely saw a few palms beyond his nose – I'm still wondering why in the blazes you've chosen this cursed path! Her laughter echoed in the middle of morning birds' chirping. - Because the prize of taking hard paths is always more rewarding than following the marked roads! What was that supposed to mean? It was some kind of dark joke? Given her twisted sense of humor he wouldn't be so surprised if that were the case… Grunting, hissing, cussing and making almost any kind of complain, verbal or not, known by him, Lucius fought a while with the annoying lower branches of the huge trees he kept on colliding with, gaining indignant whinnies from his dapple horse until they reached (at long last!) a sort of glade where a gigantic natural wall made of sharp rocks like pointed teeth emerging from the earth's gum gifted them with the powerful sight of a waterfall which start were at least one kilometer above their heads. The rumbling noise of the water precipitating over the crystal clear surface of an emerald green lake was deafening, powerful, and a pleasant sensation of freedom engulfed both youngsters atop of their horses. - Wow. – said Lucius, speechless. - Yeah. – agreed Medraut dismounting while still gazing at the imposing show in front of their eyes – Wondrous sight, huh? Wait 'till we climb atop of the Crone's Tooth. – she added while pointing to a tall yet thin rock that reached few meters below the falls' start, like a very long finger pointing to the sky - Sight gets better from above. - Wait, wha…? – Lucius did a quick check, measured by eye the said rock's height and went white as parchment. In all these weeks being Medraut's companion he had had not a single reason to remember how coward he was. Now he remembered it like a hard slap in the face. But she was already running around the lake, stomping over the tiny rocks at the shore like a swamp boar, finding the perfect spot to start wade the emerald waters until she'd reach the bottom of the said Crone's Tooth to start climbing it. And all of this still embedded in that black armor of hers. She was fucking insane. But Lucius soon found himself getting rid of his own armor without a second thought, swimming out of breath like a fish towards her on his breeches and barefoot, observing her metallic silhouette gaining height by each step she took climbing that perilous rock. Swallowing noisily, the young man grabbed unsurely a handful of moistened rock and, with trembling limbs, he started to follow her blindly, terrified but curious about what was all this about. The cursed rock slide treacherously each time he tried to gain height and he was getting behind. - C'mon, Knight-Boy, c'mon! – she goaded him from above – Give those wiry limbs some good use and climb as a salamander would do! During all this time, Lucius had worked up a good sweat and he was starting to feel a bit delirious because of the many little stabs and involuntary muscular tics his entire anatomy was experiencing under such a tiresome exercise. - C'mon, you're almost there! Panting, with dry tongue and weak fingers, Lucius grabbed the next rocky ledge with a tremulous arm that, for a second, lost its strength and send the young man backwards. But then, an iron grip grabbed him by the wrist and lifted his entire weight until his knees and toes were touching solid ground. Panting hard, trembling from head to toes and sweating like a horse, once he squared his blurry sight he saw Medraut's face a few inches of his, her green eyes going through him, flesh, bone and soul. But then, almost immediately, a hard clap over his right shoulder returned him to the real world. - Good golly, Sir Folly! – she exclaimed happily – You did it! You've just did it! Raising an inquiring brow, Lucius were still panting. His throat dry as a desert. - C'mere, Knight-Boy. – she said while taking him by the wrist again – You've earned it. And before he could formulate any half-coherent question, he found a sudden chill prickling on his naked palms as the force of the water precipitated right on his tender skin. - Drink. – he heard among the watery roar. And so he did. But in the very moment the moist freshness invaded his mouth, he was looking for more avidly. Medraut observed him smiling, knowing by experience how it felt the first time. - Refreshing, eh? – she said as if she were talking about the weather. - Oh my God! – he exclaimed, air not enough to fill his lungs – This is… this is the most delicious water I've ever tasted! - Of course it is. – she said with a feigned indifferent tone – You're drinking from the mighty Fire Falls atop of Crone's Tooth. Only the ancient Kings of old were brave enough to climb it and taste the purest of waters. Astonished, the young man first eyed the crispy water sliding between his fingers, then the fiery redhead with the impish smile in front of him, her messy mane like actual fire against the morning sun. Then that was when he decided to look around him and, despite the insane height they were at, he got on his feet and admired the wild landscape that opened before his eyes. Inhaling the chilly wind that brought scent of pines, moistened earth and wild roses, he felt like he could fly if he just tried. - See? I was right. – she said after a while. Lucius turned around. - Huh? - Told you that the prize of taking hard paths is always more rewarding than following the marked roads. Remember? - Yeah. – Lucius turned again so he could continue admiring and feeling that peerless sensation. - Well, this is the prize. – she said matter-of-factly – Enjoy yourself. So he did, closing his eyes and savoring that moment… until he heard something. - What… what are you doing? – he asked, baffled, as he saw how her strong form under the armor started to descend again. Amidst the watery roar, he detected her laugh as a part of the very ambient noise surrounding them. - I've already tasted the water and smelled my well-deserved freedom, now's time to return to solid ground. Or do you plan to live there forever? Eyeing first her fiery mane getting distant and distant below… suddenly Lucius realized how fucking far away the ground was. And he felt… dizzy. How in the Hell was he going to descend that monstrosity?! - Oh, damn it… - he whispered while kneeling on the rocks, grabbing the edge with tremulous limbs again – Damn it, damn it, damn it… It had been so easy to follow her without looking downwards, always with the eyes fixed in the sky… - C'mon, Knight-Boy! – she exclaimed from below – It's easier to get down than to climb up! Yeah... – he thought with a chilly sweat coursing along his spine – And it is easier said than done. Still sore from the previous exercise, Lucius' steps downwards were more insecure, his muscles already protesting after few meters, his breath ragged, his perspiration abundant. It was bound to happen one way or another. So his foot found this slippery ledge, his own physical weight, if not considerable, acted against him and his sore muscles did the rest. It took a while within his brains to process the pain product of his bruised side from the fall, the stinging from the violent splash against the lake's surface… and the emerald waters surrounding him while weight and gravity dragged him to the bottom. Then a voice… a brief golden glint in the corner of the eye… mystic golden eyes, silvery long hair… a dress made of iridescent scales… … The sword on her hand… And the green arcane energies surrounding him; flesh, bone and soul united, propelled… and then… An iron, darkened grip before the air went again on his lungs. Somebody coughed beside him; then a dense, wet mass of bright red hair was the first thing his eyes saw. - By the Gods! – her rough, feminine voice found its way to his ears – You okay, Knight-Boy?! Coughing as well, still feeling the sting on his left side, raw and tender but thankfully without any visible wound; Lucius eyed her with awe. - You… you saved me… - he managed to formulate. - Yeah, and for being so damn skinny you're as heavy as a rock, geez… - she complained – Guess swimming with armor is not a good idea, huh? Eyeing her with such intensity he thought his eyes would lose the ability to look somewhere else… until a deafening war cry raised his alert state immediately. - MORDRED! And out of the blue, Medraut had unsheathed her sword from her mount's saddle, quick as thunder, to parry a monstrous claymore that came from behind. Rubbing his eyes several times as if trying to convince that what he was seeing was real, Lucius beheld the powerful, fully armored frame of someone he thought he would never see again. For he would recognize that armor anywhere. - Bors! – he exclaimed from his disadvantaged position on the ground, feeling a sudden pang of pain traversing his whole left arm and left side of his ribcage. The fall had been worse that he had thought in the beginning – Stop it Bors! BORS! Bors the Younger, former knight of the Round Table as his father had been back in his day, at his scarce twenty-three years was a hulking mass of pure muscle and Medraut was feeling all the brute strength of the young man combined with how heavy her black armor felt after having take a swim with it. They struggled a bit, their blades making small shrilling noises that made Lucius to teeth grinding. - Great, just great. – Medraut hissed while fighting with her wet, now annoying long mass of red hair getting in the middle of her vision – Another Arthur's bootlicker for breakfast. And a mastodon of all. Behind his helmet's grid, Bors' eyes almost popped out of his skull. - You… you're a woman? – he realized after hearing her voice and studying her features more carefully, thunderstruck – How…? No, this is not possible… Seizing her opportunity out of his evident confusion, Medraut's blade twisted around the hilt of Bors' claymore in a complicated maneuver that quickly disarmed him, leaving him defenseless before her. - Oh, it is possible, mastodon. – she mocked while raising her blade with its sharp point against his throat – Here you got the proof in front of your very eyes. Bors' bulky frame knelt in front of her. - Kill me. – he said, head down in shame – I'm a disgrace to my Order. I've failed my King, I've failed my Brothers. I don't deserve to live. Lucius held his breath for a moment until he saw Medraut first cocking a brow, then rolling her eyes. - Oh, for fuck's sake… - she grunted, clearly exasperated – Quit the melodrama already, mastodon, and get the fuck up. Now. Lucius blushed furiously not only after hearing her cussing so vehemently… but after witnessing again how powerful she could be. He liked her powerful. Confused, Bors lifted his face and carefully, making sure to not make any sudden move that could alert the fiery girl in front of him, took his helmet off. Lucius sighed in relief after recognizing his comrade, the distinctive scar on his forehead the most prominent feature besides his squared mandible and thick dark brows. A very late son of former King Bors, then Bors the Elder as the oldest knight in the Round Table, with a second wife; Bors the Younger had been born four years after the death of his by then only son, Sir Lionel, making Bors the Elder a father for a second time at the respectable age of fifty-three years old. Technically a sort of a grand-uncle, Bors the Younger had been, since Lucius had memory, a sort of good-natured cousin that had been always there in his morning drills, being an integral part of his recent promotion of being a knight while many of them, their dying Order, kept disappearing or withering as the years left their mark upon the ill King Arthur. Bors had been a support, almost like the big brother he never had. Lucius was glad to see him alive. - Bors! – he exclaimed again. Diverting his sight from the strange warrior girl that had managed to defeat him, Bors blinked a few times. - Lucius, is that you? – he asked – What is this… this highlander had done to you? Medraut rolled her eyes again. She knew the infamous nickname, and she wasn't willing to let it affect her like it affected to her father, as her mother once told her. Grabbing his now throbbing side, Lucius got up slowly and went to his relative's side. - Well, you'll see… - he began. - You're wounded! – Bors exclaimed, his eyes shining with anger directed towards the now nonchalant redhead – Did she attacked you? Lucius inhaled deeply, feeling how the chilly sweat started to slid down his spine again. - Erm… not exactly… - he said hesitantly, his eyes nervously looking from Bors to Medraut – We climbed up this rock and… - \"We\"?! - Bors exclaimed again – Don't tell me you're with her! Are you?! So, at that very point, Lucius swallowed. Hard. - Well, what a touching reunion. – Medraut snorted with sarcasm – But all this melodrama is making me nauseous. And bored since our good mastodon here clearly had been quite disconnected from the late news concerning Camelot, hmm? Eyeing her first with surprise, Bors then gave an inquisitive look to Lucius. - What is she talking about? – he asked, anxiety crystal clear all over his features – Lucius?! The young blonde sighed. He had feared that much. - Bors… - he started carefully – Around three weeks ago, Perceval returned to us to kneel before King Arthur: he had found the Holy Grail. A sudden relief played on Bors' eyes. - At long last… - he said – I myself was doubtful about the very existence of it. Two months away from the Court and my hopes had been waning, slow but surely. Thank God for His mercy and bless Perceval and his constancy. But soon Lucius' hand grabbed his relative's wrist. - I'm not finished yet, Bors. – he announced – When Arthur drank from the chalice, his eyes cleared and his spirit returned to him. - Thank God… - … But then, he decided to play war. - With her, no doubt. – Bors gave a hard look to Medraut – Continue. Lucius sighed again. - Our last battle was in Camlann, Bors. – he explained sadly, remembering such a butchering confrontation, not a soul left alive afterwards – Arthur… invoked Excalibur's power… but he was old and… - he stopped, unable to continue. Bors' eyes held a deep sadness. - He… he's dead? – he mumbled absently – After all these years… everything had been for nothing? Our Brothers… our people… - I'm so sorry Bors… I've lost much in that battle as well… - Who killed him? – suddenly, the always good-natured gaze of Bors the Younger was filled with venom as he spoke – Was it her? – he asked as he pointed Medraut with his now furious eyes – Where's Excalibur?! Does she have it?! But before Lucius could provide an answer, another voice surged from the foliage. - She had Excalibur in her power, although briefly. – the serene tone of this new voice brought confidence and comfort to all of the presents, special as its owner himself was – I saw how she threw the sword to the waters so nobody could wield it again. The three youngsters raised their eyes until they localized the calm figure of a rider atop of a white horse, his armor shining as a sunray, his pose gallant and dignified, his crystalline, pious blue eyes framed by golden short locks of curly hair. Were not for his distinctive masculine voice, the person in front of them could've easily been mistaken for a girl. - Galahad! – exclaimed Lucius happily, having his only and best friend by his side once more. The dashing young man smiled, and his smile was as radiant as a morning glory. - I'm glad to see you in one piece, Lucius. – was his greeting – A mighty feat given the companionship you had been entertaining as of late. – he added directing a brief look towards Medraut. However, his eyes held no contempt against the redhead but an amicable curiosity – I've been following the two of you at a prudent distance, for the lady here has the keenest senses I had the pleasure to test in a long time. You would make a fine hunter, my lady. - As you would make a fine flatterer, Goldilocks. – Medraut snorted, amused – What are you intending to achieve by following us? To lay an ambush? Pardon me if I say that this display makes an epic fail for an ambush. I can tell you are alone. Galahad smiled again, his blue eyes shining in the sunlight as two gems. - I mean no harm to you or my good friend here Lucius. – he stated – But now, with Bors' interruption, I feel that now is time to talk, for there's much to discuss about what your intentions are towards the kingdom… Medraut, daughter of Ruber of the High Lands. * Froggy\", \"frog\" and \"Frenchy\" are pejorative terms used to design French people. I've always thought Lancelot was French not only because of his title \"du Lac\", but because in Arthurian Myths he is represented as a foreign champion who sought being defeated in fair combat. Author's note: well, here I am again, publishing the continuation I promised myself I wouldn't write of my QfC fic \"Highlander\". Now we will be following Medraut's and Lucius' adventures along with their companions of the Round Table. Why posting this under Quest for Camelot section? Because old characters are going to have their second round (yes, I'm talking about Ruber, Arthur and even Lionel). This story, like its predecessor, is not going to be very long-winded and with many chapters. I want to write five or six chapters at maximum. How old characters are going to be intertwined with the new generation? Let's just say there's still a lot of magic energies going on (and an angry warlock, you'll see) and time is but a mortal concept ;) Let me know your thoughts on this one. Cheers! PD: yep, inspiration from Disney's \"Brave\" all along the chapter, I declare myself guilty :D[Chapter 2] \"The Legend of the Black Armor\" Chap. 02: The stuff of legends . - Let me see if I got this straight. – Bors' face was quite the poem – First you raised an army to attack Camelot, then you showed at the castle gates to throw your challenge against King Arthur… - he was getting incensed with each word spoken - … To, later, fight at Camlann, win the battle, throw Excalibur to a lake and just walk out as if nothing had happened?! – he ended shouting, his squared reddened face a consequence of his anger – You're a lunatic, highlander! That's what you are! Medraut was munching nonchalantly an apple she had picked from her saddlebags meantime a busy Galahad sat behind a contemplative Lucius while thriving for clean and bandage his friend's still tender scratches before they started to swell. - First things first. – Medraut clarified between munches – My original plan was to challenge Arthur in singular combat, but problem was that the old man didn't even deigned himself to show up at the gates to deal with me like a man in his position would. - He was ill, damn you! - I ignored such a thing and nobody had the decency to tell me about it. – the girl said, furrowing her brow – He seemed perfectly healthy back in Camlann. A bit old and desperate, yes, but healthy. – and then, a humorless smile spreaded by her lips – He even gifted me with a short but intense fight. After that we talked, we stated our business and our reasons and he died. End of story. Lucius swallowed discreetly, not liking a bit the turn this conversation was taking, while Bors' look of hatred did not diminish in the slightest. - And Excalibur? And the kingdom? – he pressed. - Would you seriously think I would have thrown the stupid weapon to a lake if I intended to take the Throne? – after finishing her apple, she dropped the wasted carcass to the grass and crossed her arms – I've told you: I wanted Arthur's head, but the crown over it… I couldn't care less. - And all of this for what? For a man you never knew?! Suddenly, Medraut's face darkened. That was a topic she was sensitive towards to and nobody had the right to tell her what or whatnot her heart could claim. And her heart said proud and loudly that she would have liked very much to grow with a father who, if he was anything like the man her mother spoke about, she would have loved him with all her might. Nobody had the right to tell her otherwise. - Listen, mastodon . – she began, her green serpentine eyes cold and authoritative – You grew with a father and a normal, standard mother who had been loving you since your birth. You'd been raised among fucking amenities in an environment full of rich, cultured people and not surrounded by odd folks, mostly warriors and mages, out of only the gods know which dark chapter of History, in a strange land populated with stranger magic beings with a very, trust me, very short temper plus random spirits and crazed crones who like their magics a tad too much and whose word is law regarding when you see or you don't see your mom because, oh so fun-fucking-tastic , you're not \"gifted\" as they are. – as she went out of breath pulling out such amount of information (an information quite difficult to digest, by the way), the young man in front of her went backwards a little, guarded and impressed by her outburst – So don't give me that crappity crap about \"King Arthur was the goodie, your dadda was the baddie and he got what he was asking for. So deal with it, duh\" , for, precisely , you're not the most indicated to give me lessons in morals having been leading a life full of blacks and whites while there's an infinite spectrum of grays. Bors' mouth shut immediately while Galahad raised his eyebrows, impressed, gaining a low hiss from Lucius when he pressed a bandage too tight. The girl wasn't a mere brute as the blonde knight had expected; no wonder she had Lucius so smitten to the point to even overlook the fact that she, technically, was the enemy. No wonder either that Bors looked so furious. They were knights of the Round Table and Lucius, with his youth and naivety, was trampling unknowingly over their sacred duties. - Grudges aside, dear Bors, I believe we should talk about what is the current situation that brought us together today: that black armor. – pointed Galahad, setting his friend's long white hair aside to work better with the bandages – If your pretensions towards the Throne are genuinely indifferent, my lady, I find myself in the dire need to ask you about the fate you're planning to bestow upon such instrument of sorcery. The girl blew a curly red lock that had gone to her face. - Returning it to its legitimate owners: the Wayward Sisters. - she deadpanned. Bors looked horrified. - You've made a pact with those evil beings?! Medraut rolled her eyes for the hundredth time that day. - Of course I did. – she said – I practically live with them, man. - What?! - Have you not been listening? Where I come from, those three hags are, in a way, the maximum authority along with the immortal beings that populate Avalon. - A… Avalon?! Lucius looked fascinated, Galahad pensive and Bors astonishment grew to new heights. - Yeah, Avalon. – the redhead grunted as if talking with retarded children – You know… fabled place, magical forces, fairies and stuff… - We know about the mystic land of Avalon, my lady. – said Galahad, finishing his work with the bandages and helping his friend to put his shirt on – But my question is: being you not a sorcerer… how did you managed to get from Avalon, a kingdom beyond mortal sight, to this realm? - Boat and oars. Silence. - Care to elaborate? Medraut sighed in frustration. - There's nothing to elaborate: they said \"here's your enchanted armor, here's a bag with some viands. See that boat with the oars? Good. Start to row 'till you reach a shore and go to the South 'till you see a golden-silver castle. Your fate awaits there and blah, blah, blah\" . – she explained quickly, defensive and embarrassed by revealing such a lame part of her mighty campaign against Arthur - End of story. The three young men raised their brows almost at the same time, which produced a strange comical effect. - Just like that? – Lucius was the one brave enough to ask the question all of them had in mind. The redhead facepalmed herself, wishing the earth just swallowed her right now. Great, twas the awkward reminder she just needed to finish the day. At that moment she wished she had been a minstrel, for she wasn't very good at adorning stories and speaking the truth, it seemed, raised more questions than easy, accepting smiles. Urgh. - Yeah, just like that... – she grunted after a while. - And no magical intervention? – seconded Galahad. Medraut then sent him an inquisitive look. - You ask far too many questions about the switch between realms, Goldilocks. – the girl stated with a suspicious glance – Too many questions regarding the magical and supernatural… for being a Christian believer. Galahad barely blinked. - I'm just trying to understand the mechanics of traveling between realms because, as you previously stated, that armor belong to the Sisters. - Yes, and? - And I'd very much like to know how you plan to give it back to them without a clue of how to return to their territory. - he reasoned – You yourself said that you're no magic practitioner and you arrived to our land by row; a means, if you allow me to say, quite mundane . - Versed on the topic, are we? – she mocked – Interesting… - Don't you dare to accuse a knight of the Round Table of sorcery or knowledge of the Vile Arts, highlander! – Bors exclaimed, incensed again and raising at the minimum opportunity against the redhead. Medraut's nostrils flared for a second. The stupid big lump was starting to be offensive and very annoying. - For being a mastodon, you're a little high on your horse about Camelot's knights and their striving for imaginary perfection. - she counterattacked. - Repeat that if you dare! - Or what? – she challenged – You're going to pick that rusty claymore of yours from the ground and push your luck with me and my armor a second time? – she gave a tap to her dark metallic carapace with a prideful, yet malign gesture – Believe me: with this armor I can take down the three of you without even breaking a sweat. Plus you're big, slow and your technique is a bit clumsy. - How dare you! - What? You're going to cry? - ENOUGH! After such a deafening yell echoing in the middle of the quietness of the woods, both Medraut and Bors turned around to look the slender Lucius with big eyes. - You're quarreling like children and this is not going to get us far! – he exclaimed – Don't you see? We need to work together to get that thing where it belongs! - Lucius speaks the truth. – seconded Galahad with a serious gesture, foreign in a face so affable like his – That artifact, like Excalibur itself, shouldn't be in anyone's hands that could abuse its power. - Like she did? – said Bors venomously. - I renounced to your stupid kingdom and Arthur's stupid sword, you idiot! - Medraut exclaimed indignantly – So shut the fuck up! Lucius sighed loudly and Galahad pinched the bridge of his nose tiredly. - Anyway… - continued the Apollonian knight, his blue eyes squinted – It is clear that we cannot destroy it, so if the lady's intentions ring true, which I believe they are, it is in our best interest to get that armor out of our realm. It could prove dangerous in the wrong hands. We must find these witches, and soon. Nobody said anything more, for an unspoken truce of companionship was forged on that very moment, with Mother Nature as witness. For they, if still confronted against each other and with very different interests guiding their steps, knew this temporal allegiance was for the best. Although they, as four young, silly and temperamental folks, each had a very different definition of \"what was for the best\". Six days, she had said. Six days was the time they would be spending through these woods until they reach their destination. - And which destination is that exactly? – Lucius, unspoken declared speaker for every question the three young men had regarding this strange quest since Galahad was too soft-spoken for Medraut's tastes and Bors… well, best not to talk about Bors. Now that the young pale man thought about it, he hasn't asked Medraut where they were going since he had known her. He had simply allowed himself to be dragged alongside with her impetuous spirit and with little more than almost blind trust. A trust, his knight comrades had told him in private, that was entirely misplaced. - The shore where I left my boat hidden a year ago. – had been her short answer. - So, your plan is to get on that boat again and start to row until you reach Avalon's shores by a strange, fated coincidence? – had been the immediate response she had got from Bors – Now that's the worst possible plan I've ever heard. And her counterattack had been equally immediate. - Got a better idea, Mastodon? – she had hissed, dangerously close to be pissed off, and for her life she knew she could be pretty nasty when she was pissed – Go on, let's hear it. – and seeing the hesitant expression in Bors' visage, she had smiled with self-sufficiency – Thought so. In truth, her plan was purely based on her own hopes that the old hags would be so eager to recover their artifact that they will put the necessary means at her disposition so she could return to Avalon with it wielding her victory as a banner. Besides, she wanted to return to Avalon as soon as possible. She had taken that decision the very first night she had spent in the others' company and all of them had gotten tasks to set a camp. She had taken the task of getting some dry wood for the bonfire they had improvised and she was carrying proudly a good pile of broken branches that could've put in shame even that stupid mastodon's strength. With such amount of wood the bonfire could last a good part of the incoming night. - I don't know about the both of you, but I don't trust the highlander in the slightest. However, at the very moment she had got close to the area where the other three were doing their assigned chores, she had heard the cursed big lump speaking in a voice so low that it was clearly intended not for anybody else's ears than the ones from his two companions. But she, together with many other physical enhancements the black armor provided for her already strong body and keen senses, had a pretty sharp sense of hearing. So she had approached them quietly, her soul shaken and her thoughts darker with each word spoken. - That detail, dear Bors, have been quite evident since your blades crossed. – Galahad's voice, calm and gentle, had replied with an undertone of slight amusement. - Maybe it has something to do with the fact that she disarmed him quite easily. – the third voice, Lucius voice, teased – Don't be mad, Bors. She'd kicked many arses before yours. And maybe that tiny pearl could've put a smile on Medraut's lips if not by the sudden course the conversation took. - Watch your tongue, Lucius. – said Bors with a warning edge in his tone – For I'm still displeased and very disappointed at you given the side you have chosen in this war. - What are you talking about, Bors? The war is over! It has been over weeks ago! - Your naivety, if sometimes endearing, will prove one day to be your undoing, Lucius. - Bors' voice had grown very serious by seconds – But I can understand that you only see a girl around your age instead of the real enemy she truly is. Without that helmet she looks like a kid, just like you. But maybe she's not. - What are you trying to say, Bors? – questioned Galahad softly – Speak your mind. - What I'm trying to say, Galahad, is that I don't buy her story. – he stated - Avalon, the Lost Kingdom beyond our earthly world? I don't know; I wouldn't believe such a preposterous affirmation given not the evidence of her armor. - So? - So maybe she's telling us the truth about her origins, maybe not, but what it is crystal clear is her affiliation with an unholy power so dark and ancient that had secured her victory against Arthur and Excalibur. That makes her dangerous and not a much loved figure in our lands, precisely. – continued the oldest knight somberly – She's stupid if she thinks she's safe after what she has done. And, even if I find her brash, vulgar and insultingly arrogant, I don't think she's stupid at all. Were I in her shoes, I would try to eliminate any possible witnesses that could relate her with the name of Mordred. That includes us. The silence that followed clearly meant that they were weighting his words carefully. Still silent and shrouded in shadow, dry wood on her hands, Medraut's pupils flickered briefly while her fingers inside the black gauntlets closed a bit forcefully around the wood, cracking slightly the rind. - Have you ever wondered why she allowed you to accompany her in her journey? Did she take off her armor in your presence even once? She hadn't. But that was due to her own weird sense of propriety and… well, that she didn't trust the young man's intentions towards not just her, but the armor. Many had tried to rob it from her in the past year, even surrounded with her own army. Treachery threatened from each corner and the old hags had already warned her that the black armor in the wrong hands would prove incredibly destructive. It was a dangerous artifact not meant for human's greed. - As much as I hate to acknowledge it, Bors' reasoning is solid, Lucius. To her knowledge, 'till today you were the only one left alive who had seen her face in the battlefield. The armored arms around the dry wood trembled slightly while a familiar tension built in the muscles of her neck and shoulders. - I suggest we decapitate her while she sleeps. The dark metal over her clothes and naked skin vibrated slightly as a pulsating buzz filled her brain. Like needles sinking on her circulatory system and making their way through the blood, the arcane energies within the artifact transferred themselves to her skin and started to tint it with a faint green glow. Then the intrusive thought. Kill them. - Bors! Have you lost your mind?! - It's the only way, Lucius. While she wears that armor, she's invincible… but I doubt very much that she sleeps with the helmet on. It's our only chance. Kill them. - I think this is too hasty a decision to undertake, Bors. We still don't know about her true intentions. - Not you, Galahad, not you too. Remember who we are talking about: Mordred, the one who raised an army made of Brothers and their vassals who betrayed us, the Kingslayer! Kill them all. Before they kill you instead. - For God's sake, Bors! She spared your life, damnit! - I think you have spent too much time in her presence, Lucius. Her disgusting language is now on your lips as well as her influence within your heart. Would you betray your Brothers and your King for a barbarian like her? - The King is dead, Bors! As well as our Brothers! - Watch that mouth! I don't care if you're my brother's grandson, Lucius, for I will punish you as a betrayer deserves! The shot of adrenaline was becoming so unbearable that she thought she would run on them and impale the throat of the big stupid lump with one of the branches between her arms. She… she wanted… Kill them. NOW! - Stop fighting, you two. – Galahad's voice reprimanded them severely – We are here to ensure that armor disappears from the mortal realm. That should be our sacred mission as Brothers, not to fight over things that can't be helped. - But…! – Bors' voice started to protest. - Besides… - the Apollonian knight continued, calmed and indifferent about his obvious interruption – I believe we, as knights of the Rounded Table, swore an Oath to always pursue the truth. Killing someone without having been discovered the truth in her words, is a murder in cold blood, not justice. After that, a silence followed. A silence so long and heavy that when she made her presence known, they had already calmed and she… she had her impulses and the armor's magic under control… but barely. - Took your sweet time, highlander. – Bors grunted, still venomous from earlier. Medraut's eyes couldn't be more frozen than they were when she glanced towards him. - I would like to see you picking the right kind of wood amidst the darkness of the foliage while taking care of not walking in a tree. – was her cold answer as she walked towards her Nightmare mount, whose red eyes searched her while showing its pointed teeth, looking for a cuddle, a piece of raw meat to eat or maybe both. The girl left the pile of wood beside the bonfire and threw a branch or two before rotating their dinner roasting on the fire silently, her hunched silhouette sat far away from everybody; the black, demonic horse's snout with ample nostrils over her head, inhaling her scent. Nobody said anything that night and Lucius felt that he had been the only one who had noticed the sudden change in Medraut's vocabulary. Just like when she had talked with the King, just like when she had thrown Excalibur to the lake. Her colloquial vocabulary had been surfacing slowly as the days together had woven their shared journey through the land. That had been her true self. But now, even if it has been just one day, since Galahad and Bors' apparition, she was starting to be less and less herself. And Lucius truly missed her tomboyish, cocky, funny side. So, as they eventually went to sleep, Bors volunteered himself for taking the first watch although his motives were clearly to have an eye on her. Medraut, on her own, did not sleep even a bit. Her eyelids half-closed but never entirely, trusting her own safety on her senses and her trusted mount that kept her company providing heat during the night. But, as the following days went the same, with Bors taking the first watch every night, her tiredness started to show its signs when her answers went from short to curt, and her mood went from guarded to paranoid. And, as they kept advancing, while the three young men had an easy, friendly companionship between them, she kept herself always apart, quiet and bitter while she observed with a pang of hurt and jealousy how they were having fun while she struggled for staying awake. Just like the past year. She remembered how many times she had discovered that some of her soldiers regarded her armor with envy and greed, knowing the invulnerability it provided to its owner. That, plus hiding behind her helmet the fact that she was a woman, for everybody assumed by her unusual for a girl tall height and the metallic, sexless voice that the said helmet produced, that she was a grown man. \"Mordred\" had been a defense mechanism to add more masculine features to her hiding identity. That name was close enough to her own, and it was a powerful, male name from end to end. The perfect front. She remembered how she had found herself with her hands, more than often, full of the blood of her own allies who had become insane by the armor's influence and had tried to kill her to get it. Like when she, stupidly, had honored the death of a deserving foe like Uryens by removing her helmet to show him her face before he expired his last breath. After that, the men who were riding by her side had tried to kill her and she had been forced to rip them apart after trying to reason, sadly with no avail, with them. She also remembered how the few runes of protection that her mom had taught her had been just one of the many defenses she had needed to put around herself when she bathed or slept. But with the Knight-Boy everything had been different. Somehow he was… immune to the armor's dark arcane energies. She had known it the very instant he had started to converse with her like any regular person and, with the passing days by his side, he hadn't tried even once to make the killing move to get the armor or to avenge his King. True that those weeks, while in his companionship, she had kept her defenses raised when she bathed… but not when she slept. She had been sleeping very well despite the recurrent nightmares she had after a whole year spilling so much blood. In Lucius, she had found the closest thing to a friend she had ever known in all her short, mostly lonely life. But now, that uncertain friendship had been shattered with the intrusion of the other two. Now she was alone… again. Alone and absolutely paranoid, as she felt that one night she would fell asleep out of exhaustion and she would never raise to see another sunrise. At the fourth night, her distress was so great that, feeling how her eyes twitched each minute trying to fight the luring call of sleep, Medraut had risen from her sleeping bag. Feeling the mute, questioning glance the still awake Bors was regarding her with, the redhead moved quietly half-asleep towards the foliage, feigning she was going to pee to, instead, start to walk aimlessly in order to clear her mind a bit. That way had been how she had ended, ten minutes later, pretty lost and walking by pure inertia as if in a trance. She thought she would fall asleep standing until she saw them. The bluish mystic lights of will o' the wisps floating in midair a few paces from where she stood. While being a child she always had this silly hobby of pursuing chains of will o' the wisps back in Avalon, where the souls of the deserving and mighty dead were as real and tangible as any other living creature there. Her mother would always dedicate this thin smile to her, saying that she wished her father were among those dead so, at least, Medraut could have met him. The woman evidently had been deeply in love with her husband and Medraut secretly wished her father would have been a better man or, at least, worthy enough to penetrate the mists of Avalon and have his other life by their side. But he hadn't earned his place among the mighty dead, the ancient Kings and Lords of old. He had died a betrayer and twas the memorial he had left to his family. Now that she thought about it she felt depressed. She was the daughter of a man her mother insisted he had been, if not a good man, the most authentic person she had ever met. A man so authentic that his indomitable soul, ultimately, had brought him to his own demise at the hands of fate itself. A man many still remembered with spite and fear. His mightiness had resided on his evilness towards a world that had forsaken him since the very moment he had chosen to live following his heart instead of the rules. She had avenged his memory by killing Arthur… but that didn't mean that the deep emptiness she felt in a place within her heart that only a father could have filled didn't hurt now. So, in an attempt of erase those intrusive, sad thoughts from her soul, Medraut followed the chain of will o' the wisps smiling weakly as they kept disappearing as soon as she tried to touch them. Then she heard the voices. A disembodied chorus of chants reached her ears until their singing made sense. \"A naoidhean bhig, cluinn mo ghuth, Mise ri d' thaobh, Ó mhaighdean bhàn, ar rìbhinn òg, fàs a's faic do thìr, dìleas fhéin.\" \"Little baby, hear my voice, I'm beside you, O maiden fair, our young Lady, grow and see your land, your own faithful land.\" She knew that song. Her mother had been a Britannian noble lady, so her knowledge of her husband's native language was a bit limited, but that song she knew to heart. \"A ghrian a's a ghealach, stiùir sinn gu uair ar cliù 's ar glòir. Naoidhean bhig, ar rìbhinn òg, mhaighdean uasal bhàn.\" \"Sun and moon, guide us to the hour of our glory and honour. Little baby, our young Lady, noble maiden fair.\" The lullaby her mother usually sang to her when she was little, trying to infuse her daughter courage and the love she was often deprived of when the coven called her mother far away from her and she would roam Avalon alone as a spirit who intertwined her very essence with the dead and the arcane energies she had not born with. \"A ghrian a's a ghealach, stiùir sinn gu uair ar cliù 's ar glòir…\" She wasn't a gifted child, so the Sisters had dismissed her from her mother's side at the tender age of seven. From that very point, she scarcely saw her and their meetings were too intense as well as too brief. Her mother was a creature of the night while Medraut was a creature of Nowhere, for she had been the first human child to born and live in Avalon's soil without having earned the right to be there. Somehow she felt… undeserving, just as her father had been. \"Sun and moon, guide us to the hour of our glory and honour…\" Following the bluish gleams, many tiny laughs and whispering voices filled her ears in the still of the night, blurring the borders between the mortal realm and the spiritual one as she walked between consciousness and unconsciousness, between dream… and nightmare. \"A ghrian a's a ghealach… sun and moon… stiùir sinn… guide us…\" Full moon over her head, whispers in the dark amidst the deafening silence. \"… Gu uair ar cliù 's ar glòir… to the hour of our glory and honour…\" Her boots sinking in the grass and the mud, the beating of her heart as a war drum in the background. \" Cliù 's ar glòir!\" Suddenly, she found herself in the very center of a cromlech circle. Then, the next thing she heard was the flutter of heavy wings. Raising her head towards the sound's origin, her blood ran cold in her veins. \"Glory and honour!\" A second after the pain, she realized she was being attacked by a creature only her dreams had conjured before: a griffin. Black and majestic, with venomous, feline green eyes, the imposing beast salivated while observing its prey under its claws, trapped between its great weight and the ground, struggling for freedom. Terrified under the creature's bulky weight, Medraut suppressed the wave of panic that washed over her and instinctively grabbed one of the griffin's front legs to sink the pointed ends of her gauntlets on its skin. Shrieking painfully loud, the beast's grip around her middle section loosened to, immediately after seizing her opportunity, receiving a hard punch under its beak from the fiery redhead whose strength was greater than many. Prying the creature's great weight with her free legs, Medraut managed to turn around the black beast, trying to restrain its violent joltings. But the griffin, being the clever beast it was, fluttered its black wings until it rose above the girl's height, planning to rip her head from her shoulders with its powerful claws. Then Medraut, quickly predicting her foe's moves, dodged the first attempt rolling over the grass and, when the beast tried it a second time, using the speed of flight and gravity on her favor, she grabbed one of its paws and forcefully directed its whole body against the hard ground. She punched and kicked the struggling griffin while maintaining it pinned tightly to the ground. In answer, the creature was viciously trying over and over to peck at her face with its sharp beak. But she proved to be stronger. With the bulky, dark frame pinned upside down along with its wings with her legs, Medraut pulled out a wrestling move which was destined to suffocate her foe… 'till she heard the creature speak. - Enough! – it hissed - Enough, human! I yield! - Why should I trust you? – Medraut hissed as well, teeth grinding and sweating profusely – Give me a reason of why I shouldn't break your neck right here, right now, you fat bird. The griffin hissed again, both offended and humiliated. It has been so many years since a human like this one defeated it in fair combat… - I have been defeated. – it spoke once again, its raspy voice tinted with a humbling tone that gave Medraut some pause – I yield before you and your strength, human. And because of that, from this night on forward I swear to call you Master and serve you until one of us will perish, just as I did many years ago with the one who sired you. Ruber was his name. Medraut's green eyes opened wide. It couldn't be… - You… you knew my father? – she asked, loosening her grip around the creature's feathery neck – How? - I could never forget the power that emanated from his soul, just as it emanates from yours. – it replied, careful to not make a sudden move that could prompt her to strangle it again – We griffins feel attracted towards power and we crave the flesh of those who have it in the hopes to absorb part of it. - Ewwwww… - Medraut grimaced – Gross. - But if we are defeated by those whose flesh we sought… - the griffin continued - … we are obligated to die by their hands... or serve them. And I very much prefer servitude, if possible. She hesitated a few moments until she, finally, released the powerful being. Getting both up and looking into each other's eyes, Medraut silently assented while the griffin bowed its head respectfully. - Got a name, bird? – she suddenly asked. The griffin observed her confused. - A name? – it repeated – We griffins do not need a name to identify us, that is a human notion. - So, I should simply call you \"griffin\"? Or do you prefer \"bird\", perhaps? – she added with a cunning smile. The powerful being hissed, offended yet again. Long human, longer tongue, it seemed. - I very much prefer to not to be called something I am not, Master. – it said after a while – But I am not against being called by a human name of your choice. - Hmmm… - the girl pondered briefly – Well, I suppose if you are a griffin the evident choice is to call you… Griffith. Is that okay with you? The creature nodded, looking pleased. - An honorable name, indeed. – it said – For its meaning, if I am not bad informed, means \"Strong Lord\". I thank you for this title you have bestowed upon me, Master. - Uh, yeah, you're welcome. – Medraut mumbled, scratching nervously the back of her head, thinking about the very little ponder she had given to the name thing, looking for something close to the creature itself and not minding the true meaning of the name in question – So… - she started. But she was unpredictably interrupted as noisy steps followed by several pairs of boots rushed inelegantly into the cromlech circle. - Medraut! – exclaimed a very disheveled Lucius, out of breath, several threads of his long, white hair stuck at the corner of his mouth as if he had just awakened from sleep and with half his armor equipped the other way around – Are you okay?! By his left side, Bors grunted in disapproval while running a hand over his tousled dark brown short hair. - Pity that she's still alive... – he murmured. Galahad seemed the most awake of the three, wielding his sword in front of him, eyeing the griffin with distrust. Medraut observed them with a dopey expression that soon was replaced with astonishment. - Wh… the fuck are you three doing here? – she blurted out, noticing that they had been recently asleep and had gone in a rush to her aid… though, how did they even knew in the first place? - Allies or foes, Master? – said Griffith positioning by her side with venomous, hungry eyes – Should I spare their lives or should I rip their heads off their bodies? – after this, the three young men wielded their weapons with a bit more force. Bors snorted sarcastically. - Making new friends, highlander? – he spat after looking up and down the strange, menacing creature – I would venture that this kind of company is just your cup of tea. - Oh, cut it, Bors! – protested Lucius to, almost immediately, address the redhead again – Say, is everything alright? Medraut assented slowly, still stunned. - How…? – she started. - We don't really know. - said Galahad – We felt… something at the same time and just ran towards this destination. I'd say that such an impulse was entirely unnatural. - And you are right. This new voice came from above their heads so, as they turned up their faces they saw a small silhouette sat on a tall branch of one of the nearest trees. - Who're you?! – Bors exclaimed – Show yourself! The darkened silhouette dissolved itself against the starry sky like smoke. - Wh…? – but before Bors could complete his sentence, the same small silhouette outlined itself against one of the menhirs that compounded the cromlech circle, arm-crossed. And this time, the companions saw the nature of this new arrival – Sorcerer! – the older knight exclaimed pointing a finger towards this person accusatorily. But Medraut only rolled her eyes. - How typical: your fathers of the Round Table hated and feared the arcane energies so much that they never bothered to teach you the difference between a sorcerer… - she said, closing the distance between her and the small hooded person leaning against the menhir - … and a druid. – she finished as she took out the stranger's hood with her hand, revealing the strange truth behind it – And… a druid child, no less. The said child, a boy of not older than, perhaps, eight or nine years old frowned his freckled nose along with his eyes, his bright blue eyes, than betrayed the tiniest arcane glow within their irises. - Hey there, kiddo. – Medraut greeted while lowering herself in order to be at the same eye level with the boy – Twas you? The one who warned this trio of stupid tin cans? The said trio protested loudly while the child moved his head in an affirmative gesture. - It was me. – he confirmed – Not many who are challenged by a griffin lives to tell the tale. - Sweet kid, aren't you? – she smiled, trying to infuse courage to the small child whose big eyes were looking each ten seconds to the three knights with crystal clear fear no doubt product of the persecution his kin were subjected even before he had been born – Well, I think I owe you some thanks even if their intervention was, besides LATE… - she emphasized giving a hard look to the young men - … totally unnecessary. Bors huffed. - Well, let's see how you fare on your own next time, highlander. - he spat. - Sorry, but I don't talk donkey. – she replied without even looking at him – Go play with your pals back at the farm and munch some turnips so you grow healthy and strong to be a good jackass. - Why, you dirty…! While his comrades struggled to get him in his place before he attempted to strangle the mouthy girl for her insolence, the small child eyed them a bit guarded. - Don't mind them, specially the big lump there. – Medraut said smilingly, addressing the afraid child like she would with any other. In all her short life she had seen very few children, none in Avalon, of course, and they were a curious sight to her. Specially a gifted one – Much noise and little else. - she added jokingly – Where are your elders, kiddo? Are you lost? Need some help to return home? The child shook his head vehemently while he was still eyeing the three young men with apprehension. He was evidently alone and too shy, not a good combination given the wild place where they were. Griffith approached the boy slowly and the infant's shoulders went immediately tense. The creature inhaled briefly. - Your scent… I have smelled you before. – it stated with squinted eyes – But I was unable to keep you tracked, slippery one. – and it turned towards his now new Master – This one is powerful, I can smell the energies that courses through his veins. No doubt a Converted. \"Converted\" was the most popular term within the community of magic practitioners to appoint a child marked by the fate itself since their birth and whose power was highly prized among the Sisters' coven. Many of these children tended to end in small druid communities in order to avoid proliferation of dark magic practitioners. Even within mages' community, the Sisters, although very respected, were also feared and avoided to the possible greatest extent. This child was a result of such measures taken by responsible sorcerers. Knowing by his expression that the boy feared but also found her new pet intriguing, Medraut suddenly took one of the child's wrists and put one of his hands over Griffith's thick feathery coat. - See? – she said – He's not going to harm you. Not while I'm here. Understood? – she said with a warning edge on her voice as she addressed briefly the mighty creature. The griffin limited itself to sigh heavily. Great, just great: another bossy, harsh and temperamental Master. Like father, like daughter. Sliding his hands all over the powerful being's dark feathers, amazed and still a bit guarded, the boy smiled a bit. - So, what's your name, child? – the redhead asked amicably – Mine's Medraut of the High Lands. He didn't answer immediately. - Loholt. – he finally replied, still petting the griffin – I'm… Loholt. Author's note: here we got Ruber's griffin, yay! :D Now with little Loholt the adventure truly starts, we'll see what the fate has in storage for them. BTW, thanks to Julianna Tala's Follow!, I'm very flattered that you like my stories since your QfC Two-Shot was one of my favorites within this fandom.[Chapter 3] \"The Legend of the Black Armor\" Chap. 03: Sins of the fathers . Griffith the griffin didn't really know how to feel at that very moment. - Did you see that? Did you? - Yes, Bors, we have been seeing it since first hour in the morning. If he had to pick an adjective to define his present state of mind, he would say… \"tired\". Tired because these… human pups were quarreling. Again. For the umpteenth time in a single morning. Urgh… - And do you think it's normal? A not-so-amused snort. - I don't know, Bors. Why don't you ask her instead of pester us? - I'm not asking anything to that highlander . - Then stay with the doubt. - You aren't being of much help, Lucius! How can they be still quarreling after two damn hours ?! His Master, however, atop of her monstrous black Nightmare was having the nap of her life. It had been pretty comical: she had risen the first in the morning, she had gone to the call of nature, then she had been munching a piece of dried meat a good ten minutes before proclaiming to which way going… to, immediately, rest her head frontwards over her mount's mane and… start snoring soundly. Luckily the intelligent equine beast did actually know which direction to take, because its horsewoman was being everything but helpful. After a while, half-awake from the incessant quarreling, Medraut raised her head and inhaled briefly before yawning in a very inelegant, unladylike way. - Quit the stupid argument already. – she said with a sleepy, raspy voice – I wanna doze a bit more… And Bors went immediately to provoke her. - Aren't you supposed to be our guide, huh? – he growled – The one who will point us which direction to take? A slight tsk . Then another yawn, this time bigger than the previous one, if possible. - Daredevil will guide you. – she answered groggily. - Who? - Ma horse… - gods… she wasn't even vocalizing correctly. - What?! You must be kidding! - Nope… - Did you hear that?! Lucius, Galahad?! She said the damn horse is going to guide us! I can't believe this! This is the drop that fills the glass! Griffith rolled his feline green eyes and sighed heavily, fed up of these pups and their nonsensical quarrels. Soon, a hand went to his powerful neck and scratched him. He felt immediately better. - Try to block your hearing. – the child's voice was this closer to his bat-like ears and so calm and low that it brought immediate comfort to the mythical beast – I know you griffins have high developed senses. This must be uncomfortable to you. Griffith purred, pleased to receive such candorous attention. Until this day, no human had been this… affectionate with him. He could get used to this. - \" Uncomfortable\" , you say, druid calf? – he hissed, both of pleasure as the kid scratched his ruffled feathers, and weariness as his sensitive ears were assaulted with yet another rant – That is not precisely the term I would use but rather… \" painful\" would do for an accurate definition. Loholt, sitting atop of the griffin's spine, horseback style, as Medraut had allowed it, worked a bit of his magic creating a small barrier to insulate background sounds from the creature's hearing. Griffith sighed in relief. - Aaah… much better, druid calf. – he said – Much appreciated. Loholt smiled and said nothing. But soon he jumped from the booming voice that assaulted him from behind. - Sorcery again! – it was Bors who, having witnessing the boy's workings to create the barrier, now a slight bluish film around them, got infuriated – Retire that immediately, boy! NOW! But, as activated by a spring, Medraut straighten up on her Nightmare as if she had been burned. - As long as it is undamaging towards the whole group, the kid can do whatever he damn pleases with his magic stuff. – she said calmly but with a dangerous edge in her voice – He had had enough of bullies like you hunting them like deer and burning their homes for no other reason than being blessed with the \"gift\". - They are dangerous! – protested the knight. - Says who? – she challenged – Imagine yourself being chased day and night until someone puts you on a stake to burn you alive. You would fight to defend yourself, right? - I would surrender and commend my fate to God's judgment. - Yeah, sure, whatever… - Medraut finally capitulated, leaving him for impossible. She couldn't put some sense into somebody who refused to open his eyes - Wait until somebody would try to put your head in a pike and let's see who's willing to die. - I'm willing to die for what I think it's fair and good. God will guide my sword. - Yeah, yeah, sure thing. Bors' blood boiled but, since he received quite the telltale looks from his two comrades to shut up and let it be, he kept his thoughts to himself. She would never understand, for she was the unfortunate daughter of some betrayer who happened to use sorcery as a means to overtake Camelot and whose wife, the girl's mother, had been discovered a witch by Gaheris and, instead of accepting the aid the great Merlin had lent to her, she had sided instead with those three demons whose evilness had been legendary since his own grandfathers were children. Maybe even before that. She defended magic because she had been raised amongst it, but she hadn't been present when he … had raided Camelot. While she clearly wished for a father she'd never knew, Bors had been six and he, his mother and his old father had been present when the infamous Red Knight had successfully infiltrated Camelot with Lady Julianna and her daughter as hostages. Since the very second the later Lady Kayleigh had emerged from the wagon shouting that it was a trap, chaos had ensued. Bors and his mother, Lady Evaine, had been with other women inside the castle and, as soon as the monstrous northern red-headed man had bursted inside the castle mounting that same Nightmare the girl proclaimed it will guide them, the women and the servants had fled. Everybody had fled… but the little Bors. Inside his infantile mind, somehow it had worked, to plant face against the huge barbarian armed with a tiny adorned dagger his father had gifted him with in his fifth birthday. But he had been small, and the highlander atop that monstrous equine had been like a hurricane: giant, unstoppable… devastator. He hadn't seen the small child who had thought that could beat him. But the said child's mom had seen her only son in the way of a mad horseman who could crush him like a bug under his mount's hooves. His mother had run to push her kid outta the Red Knight's reach and, instead, she herself had been end wounded under the monster's hooves. And the man who had been leading the beast had simply directed to her the coldest look little Bors had ever seen before continue his mad cavalcade. He had never been able to forget those cold, reptilian green eyes regarding her as she had been… nothing. His mom had needed several months to recover from such an encounter… and, unfortunately, said encounter, with her belly stomped under the beast's hooves, had been irreparably damaged, leaving her barren for the rest of her life. Bors could never forgive himself for what had happened and he had sought to be the best son his mother could ever wish, to always strive for goodness, for justice. For never witnessing again a monster like that trampling over a defenseless woman again. That coupled with the harsh wounds his father had sustained from the battle against those unnatural spellbound metallic men the highlander had brought with him, not to mention the murder of that older brother, Lionel, he had never known and whose memory his father secretly mourned over even still to the present day, had molded Bors to hate the name of Ruber of the High Lands as he grew up, loathing sorcery in all its sides and despising everything that had something to do with pagan people who didn't adapted themselves to the Christian change, resisting the eradication of the Old Ways and its barbarism. And now this girl, this stupid, murderous girl mantled in everything he had sworn to fight against, came saying that sorcery was okay? That the murder of the King Arthur was justifiable to avenge the memory of a monster of a father she had never known?! Perhaps the girl was just a victim of the circumstances, just as Bors' mother had been that fated day; maybe she was just mislead… but her hands were, invariably, blood-stained. She wasn't different from her father. Not even a bit. However, when Bors eyed the little shit atop of that black winged monstrosity again, he… felt startled. For he saw it. The fear. It was so primal… so raw in those eyes that Bors, somehow, saw himself reflected on that boy, frightened against what Arthur's knights represented to him. Could that be true? That she was part right and they didn't hold the absolute truth? That they could be wrong? Such a thought gave him nausea. Medraut on her own ignored him completely and, even tired as she was, having slept very little in many days, started to distract the child by needling him amicably, tickling him, gaining surprised squeaks from him as he twisted atop of a sighing griffin. And she continued doing the same all the day, distracting the kid, gaining his attention, not giving him a chance to look at the others. So at the end of the day she found herself resting her head against the as well resting griffin while Loholt lied in her arms, worn and overtired. - This will be the last night, Mastodon. – she said after a while, being she and Bors the only ones left awake – Tomorrow you wouldn't have to worry about me and the kid. We will disappear and you will have your blessed mental peace. Is what you want, isn't it? – she kept speaking, as in a dream, her words surreal as the present conversation… or rather monologue went on – You will return to your home, help to unify the kingdom again and be a hero, huh? No need to worry about garbage like us, right? She was speaking like she was trying to reassure herself rather than him. - With your new religion, paganism will slowly dissolve amidst Avalon's mists and your people will forget us along with their roots and History. We will be a bad nightmare nobody will bother to recall. – she continued, her voice a mere whisper in the dark – You will drown human's nature under those dogmas you love so much to keep people nice and good… subdued… brainwashed… ignorant… happy… So… very… happy… - You think you can just get out of this as if nothing had happened? – he replied at last, unsure if she had fell asleep or not – The blood you have spilled will follow you wherever you go like Black Death. A long silence followed and Bors felt himself like following to sleep without even bothering to wake one of his comrades to take the next watch, knowledgeable that if she would want to harm them, she would, no matter their resistance. And they couldn't kill her, he knew she had been awake these nights and now with that hybrid half eagle, half lion guarding her slumber, the chance was even slighter. Besides, he wasn't so sure he wanted to kill her anymore; the motive escaped to him entirely. But as tiredness washed over him, in the middle of his trip towards sleep waters, he heard something that froze his blood. A reply. Her reply. - I know. – were her words. Guiding her horse towards the beginning of the infamous Forbidden Forest, a place she thought she wouldn't have to set foot in for the rest of her life, a mature and very tired Lady Kayleigh prayed silently to find one of those leaves she, many years ago, had found growing in the magic land's soil to mend the wounds of the same person she now held while on her saddle. Garrett. Her Garrett. After fighting against Mordred's forces, she and her husband had been painfully searching for their son, Lucius, in the following days after his disappearance until the dead, friends and foes equally, had started to raise, blades in cold dead hands and blind eyes glowing green, to start killing any form of life that went in their way. And that had included the two knights. Garrett first had refused to leave the battlefield until he'll found Lucius alive or… rather undead given the circumstances. But the ghoulish forces had been too much and the couple had been forced to retreat to Camelot to only find more and more reanimated corpses rising from the wet, blackened soil. They had battled valiantly to defend their land, and then their solitary position as they had entrenched within the old castle with their elder knights companions until dead had conquered life. And amidst everything, Garrett, swimming through waves and waves of spellbound corpses, had sustained more wounds than his body could take and Kayleigh had ended running away spurring her horse almost cruelly and making pressure over her husband's ugliest wound, preventing him from bleed to death. Camelot had been surrounded by the undead and there was not a safe place in the whole kingdom… except, perhaps, the only alternative both, in their desperation, had left: the Forbidden Forest. It wasn't the best idea she had ever formulated, but Garrett was getting weaker and whiter and whiter each minute his wounds went without the due treatment, so the choice had been evident. Guided by the always loyal and strangely long-living Ayden, Garrett's silverwinged falcon, Kayleigh found a small cave and, after improvising some bandages with part of her undershirt to prevent Garrett to bleed further, she followed the falcon in search of the magical leaves. And she prayed now to whoever happened to listen above their heads (Christian or pagan god, she couldn't care less right now), that she found them quickly. They arrived the next day at Am Parbh , or \"Cape Wrath\" for Britons, with the sun at its highest point. Far Northwest in Sutherland, Am Parbh had the tallest cliffs, Clo Mor, in all the mainland and it was believed Vikings used the cape as a navigation point where they would turn their ships. Inhaling the fresh scent of marine saltpeter deeply, Medraut guided her companions to a road that allowed them to descend the huge cliffs without making a suicide move. - Learned this path after a few days inspecting the area. – she explained after seeing the look of concern in Lucius' eyes after taking a look at the height difference between where they stood and the beach – Never got to a new place without learning its geography a little. The descent went without further trouble. - Well, gentlemen, been a mix of pleasure and utter displeasure … - Medraut started as they reached the boat, eyeing matter-of-factly a frowning Bors after her last statement - … but our ways splits from here on forward. So the kid, my oh-so cute fluffy oversized pet… - she eyed Griffith maliciously as the creature rolled its eyes in annoyance - … and I bid you farew… - Oh, no, no. Not in your wildest dreams, highlander. – the oldest knight intercepted – We're going with you. I will not believe you have returned the armor until I see it with my own eyes. Before she could form a proper, mordacious reply to the stupid big lump with peas for brains, Galahad intervened. - It would be an interesting journey for us as well, my lady. – he said gallantly – Besides, I myself would like to visit such a fabled land as Avalon is. Medraut's nostrils flared. These guys didn't know when to hit the road, didn't they? - Please? – Lucius pleaded, eyeing her with something suspiciously close to… … Motherfucking puppy eyes. – Medraut thought, wanting to facepalm herself and sending a \"I hate you\" look to him before grudgingly grunt her approve – Urgh… Soon they discovered, to the girl's great frustration, that all of them barely fit in the boat, so it was deemed that Loholt would travel on Griffith's back while the great creature followed them flying up close. The horses were left behind as they would give nothing but trouble aboard the boat besides the already stated lack of space. Medraut's Nightmare, Daredevil, galloped far away as soon as its rider took bridle and saddle off its back. - Why is she not rowing at all?! – exclaimed a very indignant Bors after a while when each boat passenger had been taking turns to make the vehicle advance through the water but Medraut herself. - You insisted on accompany me, you do the hard work while I pick my nose. – she responded, smiling shamelessly – Duh. - AAARGH! – Bors exclaimed, wishing to hit her with one of the oars he held in his hands – I hate her! I really do! But then they noticed the tenuous mist that had been building upon their path was starting to be denser and denser. - Griffith! – the redhead exclaimed – Fly at water level and keep your eyes on us! This is getting blinding for moments! - Yes, Master! – was the immediate answer she received from the creature, who followed obediently her instructions. Loholt secured himself farther on the creature's back, plunging his face in its feathery neck. The growing dark magical energies he was detecting each meter they advanced filled him with dread. - Fear not, druid calf. – Griffith assured to the scared boy, believing it was the flight instead of the surrounding magics he also was detecting – My eyes can keep them tracked at this distance even in complete darkness. And, as if accompanying his words, a mantle of total blackness engulfed them. - What in the name of God…?! - Keep rowing and don't pronounce that name here, Mastodon! This is the Sisters' territory! - Wh…?! Suddenly, the boat's bottom hit something solid and the progress reached a dead point. They had reached solid ground. And just as quick as it came, the surrounding darkness evaporated in tendrils of gray mist. In front of the valiant companions, a large gray esplanade full of sharp rocks unveiled before their eyes. \" Welcome home Medraut, ungifted child.\" – three disembodied voices greeted the redhead as the earth under their feet trembled slightly. Griffith landed and sniffed the air. Loholt descended quickly from the creature's back to immediately run to Medraut and, after colliding with her leg, he held her armored waist with both of his frail arms, all of him trembling. Surprised at first for the boy's behavior, soon she put a hand over his head in a soothing gesture. - Hey, kiddo. – she said, looking down at the small child while she was almost six feet tall – Hey, look at me. Loholt raised his head to look at her. His innocent, crystalline blue eyes big and scared. This child was too sweet and too shy for his own good. - Nothing's gonna happen while I'm here. – she said reassuringly, patting his head – Just stick with me and watch your step. I promise no harm will come to you, 'kay? The boy blinked a couple of times and dedicated a small smile to her while assenting with his head. He resorted to grab her black cape with one of his tiny fists while he conjured a light sphere to enlighten their path. - Nice trick, kid. – Medraut complimented before Bors could complain against the use of magic. Griffith stood by the boy's side, mesmerized by the glistening bluish orb floating in midair. - Now what? – she heard Lucius inquiring. - Now we walk. – she answered straight – They like to play difficult… sometimes. - So this is a test? - Sort of, yeah. So they walked. But as the denser the dark mist got, the more nervous the companions became, the griffin included. - So… this is Avalon then? – said Lucius to fill the strange silence around them – I imagined it to be more… I don't know, magical? Colorful? Alive? - We are not in Avalon. – said Medraut while unsheathing her sword slowly – I don't know where we are, but I don't like the looks of it. – at her words, Loholt grabbed her black torn cape tighter – Stay on guard and keep your eyes open. Nobody dared to contradict her on that point. After a while walking with no signs to reach any end, Lucius spoke again. - We should go back… - he whispered, feeling how hard he had to fight against trembling. But a sudden set of laughs echoed around them. \" Such a wonderful sight, more knights of the Round Table stepping in our domain!\" – said one of the voices, all female, while the companions turned around violently, nervousness clear all over their faces. \" Not long ago there were many of you walking the land in the name of a blind cause.\" – added a second voice – \"Years of fruitless search, your fathers grew old and desperate, just as the King in the golden castle slowly faded away.\" \" Some abandoned the search, others fell prey of age, diseases and madness.\" – sentenced a third – \"But there were many others that reached this very point, the Land of Nowhere, the eternal limbic spiral between life… and death.\" Inhaling sharply, the companions ended with their backs against each other's, blades and claws ready to act in self-defense. But soon the monotone background changed and, instead of an endless gray esplanade, they saw a forest, a forest of black, dead trees whose long, sturdy branches supported… - NO! – Bors cry of denial filled the air while the clinking sound of his claymore hitting the ground echoed through the infinite space. It had been hard to find the leaves, and harder to ignite a bonfire in a place where the very wood itself was alive. But what Kayleigh had found more difficult and utterly tiresome had been to keep her husband warm the entire night. He was getting so pale and cold that she feared he wouldn't live through the next day. She had the basic knowledge in first aid, specifically in regard of mending wounds and disinfecting them, for that was part of the training a knight of the Round Table usually undergone in order to serve their land and their King as efficiently as possible… but thing is… that she, right now, lacked the means. And her treacherous heart was telling her what her brains didn't want to accept just yet. - Kayleigh… Soon her trembling hand found his. - Yes, my love? Because this man, this amazing, wonderful, valiant man was the love of her life and it could never be another one. Now she understood why her mother had never wanted to marry again. Nobody could fill the void your other half leaves within you. Nobody. - There's not much time… – Garrett said, his voice barely a whisper – I… can feel it… - Shhh… - she shushed while kissing his hand, his rough, cold hand – Rest, Garrett, rest. You need to recover your strength. But his hand, if disheartening cold, had not lost its strength just yet. Not a little bit. - Kayleigh… listen to me... – he said, but feeling his wife's struggling, stubborn and clearly not accepting what was now inevitable, he insisted with a firmer voice – Listen to me, please, Kayleigh. – his wife's hand lost strength in his and he knew that she didn't want to reason if her quiet sobs were any indicative – I don't have much time left… and I would like you to make a promise to me… Kayleigh's fingers closed tightly around his, indicating that she was listening. Through their hands there wasn't need for words, for a deep understanding had always fluctuated between them, whether during their little adventure in the Forbidden Forest many years ago, when she had dissipated his fears and, later, his self-loathing towards what had happened to Lionel far many years prior; whether at Ruber's mercy, when she had given the signal; whether he had caught word about her insecurities about marrying him, when she had asked him if he loved her and he had answered by taking her hand and putting it above his heart: \" What does it say to you?\" She hadn't needed words, for his lips had been more sincere than any words said aloud, easy, practiced, devoid of the raw, authentic emotion that fluctuated between them. And now it wasn't different. They knew each other, they understood each other. And that was enough. - Kayleigh… - his eyes… oh, his eyes were so alive in their blindness, so powerful, so pleading… - Promise me… promise me that you will find him… - he coughed and a thin trail of blood escaped from his thin lips - … Find Lucius… find our son and put him at rest… bury him here, away from the evilness that has taken our friends… allow him to rest in peace… Kayleigh's tears couldn't have been colder than now. Garrett's rough hand went to her face, tracing her features, the familiar angles and roundness, the beloved delicate lines that woven her beautiful, prematurely aged visage. He cherished that face in his blind memory as the preciousest treasure. - He is alive, Garrett… - she mustered, fighting against her trembling voice. - Kayleigh… - Garrett's voice was tinted with the slightest hint of resignation. - He is alive. – she replied stubbornly – I can't explain it… but I know he's safe, Garrett… I simply know… a mother knows… - she insisted, more for her own sanity than to reassure him. The blind knight smiled weakly. - Then find him. – he said – Find him and… keep him safe… as far as you can get him from this dead land… Would you promise me that? – he asked, weak, hopeful… dying. She took his hand and kissed it lovingly. - I promise. – she said – 'Till I exhale my last breath, Garrett. I promise. And he died in her arms, a smile upon his lips. Kayleigh wept a long time. She didn't know how much, but she wept until no tears came to her already burning eyes, she wept until her voice went rough and wasted, she wept until she felt completely empty, she wept until her soul unburdened of her great sorrow. She wept until resolution won over grief. So, as she got up slowly, falcon perched on her shoulder, tears dry on her face and reddened eyes set on a determined scowl, Lady Kayleigh steeled herself for what was next now that she was alone. For she had a mission. She had only one purpose to fill, a single reason to be still alive: to honor the promise she had just made, find her son and put him in a safe place away from Camelot and its horrors. Away from this bitter land. \" Now you understand, old friend? What I tried to prevent all these years? I did not betray our kin just to save hide, but to prevent the rotten powers of darkness infested our land, poisoning our souls and orphaning our children… Because if saving what is most precious to me means to give up my powers… the very essence of what I am… the only reason to why I was brought to this world in the first place… I would do it without giving a second thought to the question. Now it is your turn, my friend: what path would you, even in death, take? Will you remain quiet and asleep before the grief our quarrel have brought to our children… or will you rebel against Them, the Weavers of Fate? The choice is yours. It has been always.\" In front of them, held by the throat by a rope, a full display of armored corpses replaced the rotten leafs that should've been decorating the black trees from the dark grove that now surrounded them. Loholt plunged his face against Medraut's back, scared and not wanting to see that, while the griffin hissed, its highly sensitive senses overwhelmed by the foul stench of rot and decadence. Gulping what felt like several liters of saliva, Lucius contemplated the grotesque show with trembling lips and watery eyes, fighting against the terrible need to weep like a child. Soon, Medraut's armored hand reached his and Lucius basked, if briefly, in the smallest comfort that simple gesture offered. Galahad was the most composed of all, limiting himself to look upon the bizarre sight with frowning lips. And Bors… well, Bors' huge frame was trembling. Trembling in denial, fear, sadness… and rage. - Bedivere… Griflet… Gawain… Tristan… Lamorak… Dagonet… no… this isn't happening! – he exclaimed, still in denial, observing with incredulous eyes the still recognizable dead faces of his comrades – This isn't real! I am dreaming… I must be dreaming! \" They were looking for that thing they call the Grail, but they weren't worthy enough.\" \" They were burning with thirst after so many years of search, crossing the wasteland where they had found only sorrow… and death.\" \" They were tired… so tired that they were quite eager to receive whatever small mercy that could lie upon them. And we complied.\" - Lies… you speak lies… - hissed Bors, perturbed and revulsed after witnessing one of the many crows cresting the gray skies plunging at one dead eyesocket with its beak – These are not my comrades… The three disembodied voices laughed again. \" You would be surprised at what a desperate man could agree after enduring so much unrewarding misery, Bors the Younger, son of Bors the Elder.\" \" We know a great deal about that.\" \" These men were just as desperate as your King… though his druid counselor, Merlin the half-breed incubus, prevented us from making a pact with Arthur.\" - Lies! – exclaimed the young knight, his dark eyes ablaze – How dare you taint our King's good name with your twisted tales, you evil creatures?! \" He silently begged for a release that never came. And ours were the only ears that heard his impotent pleas.\" \" Arthur had been wading through dark waters from the very instant his wife decided to stab his pride and taint his honor. It is so easy to put a man on his knees just by disdaining him…\" \" Just as his evil knight, the one who protected our kin from prosecution and banishment, treaded through misery and madness from the very instant Arthur chose to ignore his pain product of the many battles he was forced to fight in the name of an Order that never recognized him as one of them.\" Medraut's right eye twitched slightly to this mention. \" He was desperate when he came to us pleading for his people, ashamed to even mention to his wife what he planned to do.\" \" He offered us to reinstitute our sacred rightful position within this land's fate, should he won his battle against Arthur, in exchange of a means to consummate his revenge.\" \" But he failed! And the debt he left behind had been left all these years unfulfilled… 'till now.\" A sudden scream broke the chilling stillness that went after such a declaration and Medraut turned around to catch the tiny shoulders of the boy as he trembled uncontrollably while the powerful sound escaped from his throat. Loholt screamed and screamed while his thin hands drew angry red paths down his face, as if he tried, somehow, to placate an unbearable pain. - Stop! – exclaimed Medraut, fighting against the child in order to contain his hands from self-harming – Enough, kid, enough! - They're inside me! – he cried, his big eyes glowing bright blue were filled with tears of terror and pain – They want to rip my mind from me! They want my blood and my soul! – he grabbed the girl's armored hands and looked directly into her eyes as if searching into her very soul – Make them stop! Please, make them stop! \" You, Medraut, ungifted child of Nowhere, have fulfilled your part on the bargain we had made. Now it is the time to also fulfill the debt your father left behind.\" - What?! – the girl shouted at the empty air while holding the boy in her arms, restraining his joltings – Which debt?! Nobody has told me anything about a fucking debt! \" Oh, but there is a debt, you see. Your father promised something he wasn't able to give us besides the undertaking of conquering Camelot and reinstitute our sacred position.\" - Make them stop! – Loholt cried; his suffering evident even to the griffin, normally an indifferent creature towards the mortal grieves – It hurts! \" Your father promised to give us… the blood of the Pendragons.\" Suddenly, the world started to spin too fast around her and Medraut felt like throwing up, nauseated of what her gut told her and her mind insisted to deny. Those eyes… Wide open as her spear had penetrated skin, muscles and organs, reclaiming her rightful revenge. The eyes of a King. Limpid bright blue, like a clear sky… He had been old, desperate and slightly crazed. But those blue eyes had been the eyes of a child, impotent and frightened knowing the imminent fate lying in the silvery waters of Camlann. She had known all along, her instincts and her senses unrestrained due to being grew up amidst the supernatural. Those very eyes whose pain had been something that had been haunting her nights, an unwanted guilt that followed her like disease. Then the boy had tried to help her, the first human being since her arrival at this hostile land that had genuinely wanted to help her without asking anything in exchange, without suspecting her at first, without the due fear her black armor usually instigated among the bravest men. She had taken him under her wing, promising no harm would come to him as long as she breathed. All this time… she hadn't noticed the resemblance, the crystal clear evidence painted in those blue eyes unlike any other eyes that she previously had ever saw. Now, looking again into those frightened eyes, into those innocent eyes… the truth came unveiled before her. And that same truth froze her to the very marrow of her bones. - No… - she rasped, still in denial – No! \" Now you understand.\" – spoke, again, the first of those three voices, whose preference, it seemed, was to always speak in order - \"Power attracts power, no matter the circumstances.\" \" We knew the threads of fate would intertwine the Armor's path with Pendragon's blood, just as the Sword did in the past.\" \" Uther cursed his own lineage with his pride and recklessness wielding an instrument forged with the fires of the dragons of old, when the world was still young, for his own selfish purposes. By locking the Sword on the stone, he reclaimed it for himself alone, binding its arcane essences with his blood so nobody but him could wield it. His audacity cost us much power.\" - But… - Medraut raked her brains in search of a logical, plausible explanation for the present madness she was engulfed in – But… the Queen… I saw her die many years ago! She was a nun! A NUN, for fuck's sake! This elicited several gasps from the other young men present, their existence but briefly forgotten in the redhead's feverish mind. \" The cursed blood always finds a way to propagate through generations, one way… or another.\" \" It has nothing to do with the lovingly mother who carries the new life within her.\" \" No matter the man or his feelings on the matter, the cursed blood has its own ways to prevent a single link from breaking the chain. For without continuity, there's no curse.\" That last statement made Medraut behold the trembling child in her arms with renewed eyes, feeling the sting of tears threatening to crumble her hard exterior. \" But now that the father is dead and the son is still a child, a gap in generations had been formed; an opportunity has arisen to strike down Uther's prideful mistake.\" \" Here is where your bloodline enters, Medraut, daughter of Ruber the Red Knight.\" \" To pay the debt your father left behind, you must fulfill the pact we made with him.\" - No… \" Do this, and you will be largely rewarded.\" \" You will earn your place in Avalon among many Kings and warriors of old.\" \" You owe nothing to this land, nor its people.\" The magic energies woven along the black armor started to whisper into Medraut's psyche as well as its power ignited her already green eyes with greenish light. Kill him. No… He's that bastard's son, the very blood you swore to spill! He's only a child… A child that can become a threat just like his father was. He was innocent of whatever sins his father… and his grandfather did in life. A father's burden should never be… She violently stopped herself before she formulated that thought. She was no-one to speak about a father's burden. So, with her eyes filled with that arcane, venomous glow, she got up and raised her sword. Lucius, Bors and Galahad's bodies suddenly held by evil forces like invisible, vicious tentacles that prevented them reaching for their weapons and try to stop what their hearts feared was about to happen. Medraut looked at the frightened boy under her nose with a hatred… she knew it wasn't meant for him. They have taken her mother and her childhood from her; they will not do the same to him. - Over my cold, dead body, you deranged crones. – she hissed before taking the boy in one arm and jumping on the griffin's back – Griffith, take us outta here, quickly! – and turning to the three young knights, she added in a rush – Run! Run to the boat, NOW! A deafening cry that multiplied tenfold in their minds pierced their senses, releasing them from the spell, until they knew no more but the desperate adrenaline kick that went with the primal instinct of survival. In their run they saw pieces of images from the past, the present… and the future. They saw their lives passing in a wave, how their steps had guided them to this point, how the land was being filled with death and desolation as the hordes of the undead killed everything, how a single rider stood amidst the black earth, falcon perched in one forearm, sword ragged and proudly held in front of the enemy, eyes settled in cold determination. - Mother! – Lucius screamed. - Don't let them trap you, Knight-Boy! – Medraut exclaimed – They will distort reality to confound you! They saw an old man dying impaled by the blade of an undead, a dear friend of his that had died in his arms and had risen to turn against him. - No! – Bors yelled – FATHER! - Don't look at it! Then Medraut herself saw something that was meant for her eyes and only for her eyes. A man. A man so unfamiliar but yet so… He was struggling with something… a sword locked in a glowing stone. But the sword didn't belong to him. As the bluish and greenish energies woven their paths from his right arm along the rest of his body, igniting his circulatory system, they started to burn him from inside, disintegrating his body in ashes as the sword remained untouched, still locked in the stone. And in his last moments, before vanishing, his eyes caught Medraut's eyes. And those eyes, those green reptilian eyes were her own frightened eyes . A shrilling cry pierced the gray, storming skies from Nowhere and escalated to the very point of blocking the three disembodied voices weaving spells around them, breaking the illusion. And, before everything went totally black, Medraut was aware that cry… was hers. After that, darkness engulfed the companions. Blue threads of energy reached hesitantly to barely touch the contained, fading green glow that waited on the other side, deep in the entrails of Mother Earth, behind the maws of the Great Dragon, a constant vital torrent of life and death where all the arcane flows collided. \" The choice is yours, old friend… It has been always.\" Then, after barely a second, the venomous green glow met its blue counterpart and, together, wove the next tendril that would shake Fate itself… forever. The first conscious sensation Lucius felt was an overwhelming wave of nausea that ended with him on all fours vomiting miserably on the ground. After that, still trembling from nausea, his sight got clearer. The sunlight wounded briefly his sensitive eyes before many pairs of boots surrounding him caught his immediate attention. Raising slowly his tired eyes, following the muscled legs that followed those boots he found himself with several blades and spears pointing at him while a low murmur rumbled painfully through his ears. - Sorcery! – exclaimed one voice followed by many, hissing, yelling at him – He appeared out of thin air! - Kill the sorcerer! – they cried angrily. - Death to the Vile Arts! But then, another powerful voice, one Lucius thought would never hear again, cut the air, effectively silencing the others' voices. - Who art thou who dress in the knights' of the Round Table garments and crest? I do not know thee, neither have I seen thy face before. – as Lucius raised his head, his eyes filled themselves with tears of fear and joy by looking upon the visage of a man he would swear his loyalty, a deserving, noble man who had nothing to do with the old carcass that had been sitting in the Throne since he could remember – Speak now on thy behalf, young man, or I shalt cast the due judgment upon a faulted man bearing what he had not earned by himself. Lucius swallowed and grabbed this man's tunic with one trembling hand. - My Lord… - he said, filled with emotion, his eyes meeting the sober, limpid blue eyes of the other – You don't know how glad I am by just looking at you and seeing you alive… my liege… my King… - he sobbed, remembering all the misery he had been forced to witness on his last moments awake, running from the hell of Nowhere – And if this means that I'm dead… There's no other I would serve more gladly in the afterlife… O' Arthur Pendragon, rightful heir of Uther Pendragon. – he finished to, following his words, fall unconscious again. Author's note: yeeep, now we're getting to the marrow of the story. Liked the little reference at one of the few children whose paternity was adjudicated to King Arthur in Arthurian Myths? If you search thoroughly as I did to write this, you will find that Loholt, along with Amr are two names that are always associated to be King Arthur's sons besides Mordred, obviously, who in this story is not his child. Now I hope you liked this TOO long chapter and the twist I've made. Cheers![Chapter 4] \" The Legend of the Black Armor\" Chap. 04: The Lords of Iron and the Iron Maiden . Thirty-eight years before… Dodging the blade that was meant for his throat, the adolescent rolled over the mattress until one of the bed's sides ended abruptly, making him drop painfully to the ground. After that, a succession of blows in the dark that always aimed for him forced the young man to roll over the cold stony floor until he managed to get on his two feet and manhandle his attacker with his sole strength. They struggled a bit until the blade on the other's hand dropped to the floor, and he took advantage of it by submitting his attacker by brute force again until the two were on the floor where, with a knee over the other's chest to keep him pinned, the adolescent reached for the fallen sword and used it as a knife, stabbing sloppily the struggling enemy below him again, again and again until he felt that no more resistance came from the limp form. After a few ragged breaths, silence came and the young man felt increasingly aware of the sticky sensation that stained his fingers and his bed clothes. An invasive smell of liquid oxide filled his nostrils as well as liquid warmth spreaded downwards his face. He wasn't that kind of emotional teenager who resorted to cry easily… but never before death had been a so close call 'till now. Even a grown man would spill some tears after his first encounter with death itself. Trembling, he got up slowly before clutching the weapon close to him while he went to his bedside candle and ignited it. He didn't want to look at it, he really didn't… but there was so much blood… and he also wanted to confirm a dread suspicion he had as of late. The frozen, dead visage of his attacker wasn't the one he had feared to find, but rather one of the castle soldiers. Not an ordinary cutthroat sent by one of their many enemies from the other Clans. One of his own men had come in his sleep to assassinate him. And he knew what that meant before even vocalizing it. - Radcliff… - he hissed, conscious of his brother's presence much earlier than the other had come out from the shadows. - What is it, brother? – Radcliff said with a light, conversational tone, as if nothing had just happened at all; his huge, monstrous silhouette sliding strangely gracefully as he slowly circled him like a vulture circles the prey – Something of the matter? Stranger encounters in the middle of the night had happened within this castle's walls before; surely a lad as trained as yourself can manage a few unexpected visits as I see you have done a few moments ago. - then his tone went darker, sinister – Father taught you well, to never trust even… YOUR OWN SHADOW! – he yelled before charging against him, sword in hand, until the adolescent managed to parry his oversized brother's attack with the dull sword his hands were still clutching. They struggled a bit until he heard Radcliff's insane laughter and his powerful frame took a step back, releasing their locked blades. - Strong, resilient lil' shit, aren't we? – he mocked, his cold green eyes gleaming with a crazed, murderous glint his younger brother had grown to recognize quite well, for their father had the same glint each time he came to him reeking of alcohol, cracking his knuckles in preparation of the due beating he had in storage for him since he was a child – I do wonder… how many tries will take to actually erase you from the map. How much time you can take going without any sleep. - You're mad! – the teenager hissed, his sword still raised – That's why father never wanted to entrust you with the lordship of our lands! Radcliff laughed maniacally, not bothered by the insult in the slightest. - I would kill you with my bare hands, brother... – and the last word had a hint of venom - … But mother would never forgive me for such a thing, so this is the deal: either you stay here and endure this until exhaustion takes the worst of you, or… either you make the smart move and just disappear out of my sight… indefinitely. – and he came out of his brother's chambers the way he had come – Consult it with the pillow… providing you can get some sleep, that's it. His deranged cackles were something he hadn't being able to erase from his memory from that day on forward. That had been the first time he had killed a human being… and it hadn't been the last. Ten years later… Awaking with one of the biggest splitting headaches he had experienced in the last year, the red-headed man got up from the tangled mess he had become with the sheets in his sleep and sat awhile on the side of his assigned bed during his stay on Camelot, eyeing the stony floor groggily. He hadn't got much sleep, as usual, and the few hours he had managed to doze a bit had been plaguing by nightmares. They say that some people don't sleep much because their dreams haunt them… but his own demons were far enough for making the Devil himself cry. He prided himself that his older brother's first mistake had been to underestimate his worth, and his second had been overestimating his own. When the time to confront him had come, the once scared teenager had become a full-grown man hardened and desensitized by war with very little qualms about beheading his mad brother and displaying his head in a pike as a warning. But thing is that, as much as he prided himself to be strong… the reality was very different. Death wasn't something to take pride in. Death was something he, in his ignorance, thought he had known how it was, but he didn't. Not until he saw it, 'till he really saw it. It was something that got under one's skin and lived inside one's soul. And the sad part was, in the end, that there was nothing he could do about it. Nothing. Nothing would change that his innocence had been lost for longer than he actually cared to admit, nothing would change that his brother had enjoyed torturing him with his threats and mind games and nothing would change that he, instead of looking for a diplomatic outcome, had resorted to kill Radcliff just as he had wanted to kill him. That made him no better or even different from his abusive father or his brother. That made him just the same rotten fruit coming from the same blackened branch. And that was no consolation at all for his troubled soul. Not at all. Snarling quietly, stubbornly not allowing a mere headache to deter him, he got up, dressed himself and, after splashing some cold water to his frowning face, he ventured out of his assigned chambers and went, sword in hand, to the courtyard where the castle's soldiers did their daily drill. He spent his good two hours going through his routine of sword exercises until the sun started to show up in the far horizon. After the first cry of the rooster, barely sweating, he abandoned the area before it started to get filled with people he didn't feel like talking or dealing with, so he went to the stables to check his mount. He knew he had been pushing the animal far too much even these days as an honor guest in Camelot, so he checked the creature regularly. But as he set a foot on the stables, a soft voice accompanied by the recognizable sound of a cane testing the ground importuned him. - Hello? Who's there? – then the kid, the thrice-damned kid made his appearance – May I help you? He felt a surge of nausea as if someone had punched him in the gut as soon as his eyes saw the poor little bastard still dealing clumsily with his surroundings, still unfamiliar with the new state of blindness that cursing accident had rendered him months ago. It was a pitiful sight: an orphaned blind peasant boy sticking stubbornly to his apprenticeship in the stables while it was clear to everybody that the stable master only kept him because one of Arthur's knights had ordered him so. The boy was doomed to fail, and every time the man saw him struggling with the daily chores a normal person could do three times faster than he did, he found disgusting how his comrade in arms, Sir Lionel, was just humoring the boy, planting in him dreams of glory and knighthood he would never reach. Wasn't enough to let the kid keep his job, as useful as a blind stable boy could be, to even encourage him to pursue knighthood, a title Arthur only bestowed to capable, noble men under his service? That was the cruelest and sickening joke a grown man could conjure, toying with a boy's dreams like that. He passed by, not saying a word to the kid, and he was surprised when he noticed how the boy was actually following him at good pace, leaving the respectful distance all servants must observe. When he reached his horse's square, the boy went on a halt. - Sir Ruber, isn't it? - the boy's voice went a little terse – Your horse was a bit overtired yesterday, so I cleaned him and doubled his ration. I hope you find him satisfactory to your needs. Ruber turned to the now stiff boy and gave him the look-over. - Good enough, I suppose. – he said after a while noticing how the boy's shoulders relaxed a bit. After that, a strange silence ensued. - Listen, boy. – Ruber spoke first – You've got this job, even if you are at apprenticeship stage, and you know your way around here. – he inhaled – Not many kids in your situation are as fortunate as you are. – what was he doing, giving advice to this child that meant nothing to him, anyway? - Keep that in mind so you can grow a full man with some dignity and bread to eat everyday instead of a beggar whose life will consist on relying on the charity of others and mourning over your crushed dreams. Be a man instead of a shadow. The lad swallowed, changing his weight from one foot to the other. - Sir Lionel says… - he licked his lips, insecurity tinting his voice – … That I can be whatever I wish to be. I just need to work harder. Ruber's left eye twitched. - Sir Lionel was born noble , married a noblewoman and has already noble progeny. – he hissed, accentuating words, annoyed to see how truly blind the poor little idiot could be – His background and situation has nothing to do with yours , and certainly, to this day, Arthur have never bestowed the knighthood to a peasant , less a blind one. – and looking at the mortified, sad expression woven in the boy's visage, he pressed further – Someone had to tell you how this society is established so you won't blame yourself in the future for not achieving what was out of your reach in the first place. – feeling disgusted by seeing tears flowing silently from the child's milky eyes, he directed his steps towards the exit – Be glad it was me and not another rich milk drinker who will not hesitate to laugh at you while he shoves your face by the mud. Then, suddenly, the lad steeled himself. - \"United we stand…\" - he stammered – \" … now and forever in truth, divided we fall. Hand upon hand, brother to brother, no one shall be greater than all.\" The red-headed man's blood boiled. - The Oath is a lie, boy! – he exclaimed, his powerful voice boomed thorough the entire facility, startling many of its equine residents – A bunch of pretty words said to build a legend! That's how legends get so great! From an adorned lie! – and turning to the lad again, pointing his index finger towards him, even if he cannot see it, Ruber added – Don't you dare resort to the Oath to me, because I am well aware how it works! – and exiting the stables, he kept walking, not looking back even once – Gods know that I know how it fucking works… But his already worsened headache didn't get any better when, after a copious breakfast, the King summoned all the now present knights of his Round Table. Ruber utterly ignored how the dutiful knights abandoned the breakfast table to join their King at the Round Table Chamber and procured himself a bit more of crusty pumpkin bread and warm bacon until he felt satisfied. After that he simply took other route to meet his fellow knights. In all these years, he had been present on each new repairing the old castle that had pertained years ago to the deceased Uther Pendragon had undergone, so he knew his way within its walls pretty well. He knew many shortcuts through the kitchens and the physician's laboratory to the exterior arcades that leaded directly to the main corridor in the Round Table's path. Once he got there in time, he wasn't in the least surprised to see Lionel tagging behind Arthur like the loyal, servile dog he was. That didn't help to improve his mood. Once inside the chamber, the due sing-along that went together with the action of sit down neither helped to improve his mood. But the drop that filled the glass happened when they proclaimed the equality of shares between their territories and he felt all the words he had prepared to help his and his people's cause deflated under a sudden wave of indignation and anger. They wanted to take from him what was legitimately his! How dared they?! So, as they listed, both shields and voices raised up, the attributes a knight of the Round Table should exhibit, he couldn't stand this hypocrisy any longer. So he spat on \"compassion\", one of the most important qualities in a knight, and substituted it with what he truly cared for. - ME! – was his proclamation, a challenge against Arthur, a clarification to his comrades, an offering to his gods… an unconscious plea for his sanity, which seemed more and more compromised as the seasons went on and his inner demons were dragging him, slow but surely, to the deep bottom end he feared more than anything in his life - Charming sing-along. - he hissed, mildly pleased as he saw the outraged looks from the other knights throwing darts at him - Now… I would prefer to leave unnecessary pleasantries aside and get straight to business. - he stated, feeling powerful as he feigned ignorance towards the hard feelings lingering in the spacious room - Did I hear something about redefine the borders of our territory? How is that I was not informed of this? The mighty King Arthur, sat in front of him several meters ahead in the far opposite side of the Round Table, sighed and drummed his fingers over the table. - Sir Ruber… - he said, shaking his head from side to side – Always thinking of thyself. Followed by the King's words, a chorus of recriminations followed as well as Ruber's nostrils flared briefly, though he said nothing. His thoughts alone would have prompt all the present men to point their blades to his throat if he dared said them out aloud. - When we declared our unity… - continued Arthur with his impassive, regal voice - … we accorded to divide the land according to each person's needs. As knights of the Round Table our obligations art to our people, not to ourselves. Said the man whose crown was gained through violence and war. A war Ruber had won for him. - Haven't we served you loyally? – the redhead spat, leaning himself over the table, accusing Arthur with his tone alone of the treason he was being object of – Haven't I served and supported you unquestionably? During the war against the Saxons he had been a respectable figure, a beacon of hope to turn to. He had been the General of Arthur's armies, the only one capable enough to command men and deal with the enemy. The only one with enough stomach to make the hard and displeasing decisions nobody wanted to dirty their hands and their consciences with. - The King has decided! – exclaimed then Sir Lionel, hitting over the table with his bare fist, exuding indignation and rage from each pore. Ruber's teeth gritted angrily, but he soon noticed the amount of eyes over him at that very moment, some judging him, others agreeing with his point of view but too coward to spoke it aloud. Then the dreaded paranoia hit him. Hard. - Perhaps a King who fails to reward his best knights shouldn't hold such a title… - he found himself saying without really thinking about the implications of his words as they filled the room with sudden silence. Unexpectedly, he knew by instinct that his sentiment was shared at least by half of the men present there. That gave him reassurance enough to stand his ground against Lionel, who defended Arthur loyally 'till the last consequences. - Would you make yourself a traitor? – asked the knight calmly, though the anger that bled from his eyes was quite eloquent. - A traitor? – repeated Ruber as if the notion sounded utterly ridiculous – There would not be treason were Arthur no King. – and then, he rose from his seat, this time directing his words towards everyone, making sure each one of them listened to him, appealing for reason and not stubborn, blind obedience – Maybe now is time for a new King to govern us and who'll gladly reward the deserving. – many interested eyes now were over him – And I vote for me. He had finally said it, and it felt good. It felt good to defy Arthur's authority, to question his decisions as a King, to put some sense in these meek men who acquiesced to everything he said. Maybe this way he could make a difference. He had no delusions of being voted King by all these men, but perhaps a bit of discussion would make the difference. Perhaps this way Arthur would understand how a council made of cultivated men of honor really worked, minding each opinion by equal means, reaching some kind of agreement... But his hopes were violently crushed as Lionel meddled once again. - I will not serve a false King. - the knight snarled. After those words, something inside Ruber detonated. Something cold and dark, like the many evenings spent in the wilderness eating bad and sleeping worse with the inhuman pressure of planning the next strategic move towards the enemy and dreading the following morning as he calculated how many good men would be sacrificed in the next twenty-four hours to ensure a new victory. - Then… - the Red Knight started to say dangerously slow, reaching for his trusted mace under the table. But then, before he could end his sentence, a sudden blast of bluish-green light exploded outside the Round Table Chamber and penetrated violently through the colored stained glass windows, blinding briefly all the present men. Recovering quicker than the rest, Ruber blinked a couple of times and eyed warily the spiked mace that he still held on his right hand. Then it hit him. The horrendous feeling that had briefly possessed his mind and his heart, tempting him to do something he knew he would lament later dearly. It hit him what he had almost done. And he felt ill, disgusted and… afraid. Afraid of what he was capable. And he cursed inwardly his tainted blood. - Your Majesty! - Gawain's voice exclaimed, bringing all the stunned men back to reality. Then, a tense silence ensued. - What was that? - Lancelot was the first voicing the lingering question, his gentle deep timbre echoing softly thorough the chamber. After that, many voices rose with the same question on their tongues. - An unnatural light! - exclaimed one. - What could have been the cause? - Hold on, I don't like this… - Neither do I. Then, before anybody could collect their thoughts, Ruber's booming voice filled the whole structure. - Those were arcane energies. - he said, circling slowly the Round Table, his mace still in his hand, to stop before the very Arthur – No doubt. Recovering his regal composure and dignified aloofness, Arthur eyed warily first the spiky weapon, then the man who hold it. - Art thou really sure about what art thou saying, Ruber? - he spoke after calibrate the huge man's body language and finding, relived, not a trace of his previous hostility – Truly, it is magic what we art speaking about? Ruber eyed him with a calculating, reptilian gaze. - I am sure. - he said – I give shelter to enough magic practitioners to know. A general gasp escaped from many lips as well as a low murmur rumbled almost instantaneously between the knights. But Ruber seemed unfazed as he addressed them with an indifferent tone deep inside charged with enough venom to kill a snake. - What? - he said – Now you're going to deny that you are the very ones who chase those people away from their homes and send them to me ? - he gave them a whizzed, mirthless chuckle – What do you take me for? Stupid? - his pale green eyes hardened – How convenient is to pretend that those people aren't entirely human, right? To feign that they are like wild, dangerous beasts without conscience so you can say that they don't have the same rights as the meek, ignorant peasants that work your lands, eh? - Enough, Sir Ruber. - Arthur sent him a warning glance as he took Excalibur from the back of his chair, the legendary sword still inside its sheath to sign his peaceful approach to the evident wronged knight. After all, highlander or not, Ruber was still part of the Round Table – As knights of the Round Table, as I previously stated, our obligations art to our people. And our people need us now that the supernatural have crossed the walls of Camelot. The very expected chorus of agreement ensued as Ruber's eyes rolled dramatically. Bootlickers 'till the end, the bastards. - Lancelot. - Arthur called his trusted second-in-command, being Lionel himself the immediate step next after him – Take half of our Brothers with thou, search for any clues that would lead thee to the origin of these energies and bring the culprit to me. - blue eyes darkened before adding – No man, nor sorcerer would take lightly the justice in Camelot. - I beg to dissent! As those words were spoken, Ruber's long muscled legs stepped in again, regarding Arthur with a stony look. - The magic practitioners are mine, and only mine to judge and to deal with. - he said, defiance plastered all over his face – My subjects, my laws. - Who named you defender of the witches' cause?! - exclaimed Uryens, an unspoken declared detractor of Ruber's manners, methods and everything in general regarding the redhead since their first meeting eight years ago, one as a humbled King at the service of other greater than him, the other as a rogue runaway noble covered from head to toe in Saxon blood – Who are you to question our laws? Laws approved by majority and for very good reasons! - to emphasize his words, he pointed an armored index finger towards the bulky man – You surely remember, better than anyone present in this chamber, what happened four years ago when that crazy hag, the so-called Madame Ming or Ganieda, went out of the cursed Forbidden Forest and almost chopped half of our men with her damnable Vile Arts! Ruber pinched the bridge of his nose tiredly. He remembered well the crazy old woman and her shapeshift tricks which had ended with him trying to contain different kinds of very pissed, oversized, and lethal creatures the said witch, for hours, had been morphing herself into at the very gates of Camelot while his men, cowardly crouched behind not-so-safe stone walls, had crossed themselves praying for Merlin's apparition. The blasted old druid had taken his sweet time before materializing himself in front of the hag, challenging her to a magic duel and, subsequently, wiping the floor with her ass and exiling her to Avalon for good. The old man, despite being so damn bony and (apparently) physically fragile, could be truly frightening when he wanted to. But not all the magic practitioners were like those two. The majority of them were only gifted people who were well-versed in herbs and medicine in general. They were a threat to nobody, but a truly blessing when it came with plagues, seasonal diseases and births. They were useful, wise people who deserved more respect than what they got these days. But Ruber didn't get any chance to expose this reasoning as Arthur had made a terminating gesture with his hand. - We will discuss this later. - he had sentenced – We will split in two, the first group, as I was saying… - he pinned Ruber with his eyes, clearly addressing his current non-proceeding behavior - … will be lead by Lancelot to address the situation inside the castle. - turning to the knight in question, he added – The Queen is the priority. Do not let any harm come to her. Understand, Lancelot? The alluded bowed his head tersely before taking his leave silently followed by those who preferred to search the castle instead of doing the hard, dirty work the remnants would surely have to do instead. - The second, with Lionel and me… - the King continued speaking stoically - … will be addressing the exterior courtyard while the soldiers from the castle would cover the rest… But even before he had finished his orders, he knew that Ruber was gone. Arthur sighed. That man… that man and his sudden mood swings, his insulting honesty and his raw defiance one day would become more than his patience was willing to take. And that day, he lamented, would be the shattering of an allegiance he felt proud of. For the Scottish had been, by means of Ruber's pledged loyalty, the only ones among Jutes, Angles and the ferocious Saxons who had forged an alliance with Arthur on the country's behalf. Losing Ruber would mean that Britons would be alone. Again. And he would become something he utterly dreaded: his own father, Uther Pendragon, the so-called Betrayer King. After a while jumping inside and out of a precarious balance between consciousness and the intangible world of dreams, Medraut awoke after being shaken for a while by two little hands while a soft, infantile voice found her heart amidst the deep sea of her own mind. \"Wake up!\" - it exclaimed - \"Wake up before they come!\" Wrinkling her freckled nose a bit and frowning deeply, the girl opened her eyes and, after a few seconds letting her sigh get clearer, she almost tackled the little boy whose worried, scared face was above her own. - Kid! – she gasped hoarsely, touching his bony wrists and shoulders, his rounded face and his wild blonde hair as if making sure that he was real – You okay?! Are you hurt?! The boy's big blue eyes were watery, scared… but also relieved to see her alive. He had feared for a second that she would be nothing but a corpse lying by his side the very moment he had woken up on that new strange, unknown place. So he bit his lower lip and shook his head from side to side vehemently. Medraut's tense shoulders relaxed a bit and, after taking notice of their surroundings, she hurried herself to get up, putting immediately her black cloak's hood over her face since she couldn't find her helmet. The griffin and the others were nowhere to be seen and the slight muffled ache she felt on the back of her cranium and column informed the redhead that they had landed instead of being teleported as she had hoped. This place still was not Avalon, nor the limbic gray Land of Nowhere, but unknown and a bit frightening still even with the sun over their heads. - Stick with me. – she instructed in a voice so low that Loholt had to pay extra attention to fully understand what she was saying – I don't know where we are, but the moment people start recognizing this armor, we are royally screwed. – she added while closing tightly her dark cape around her fibered frame – Come. – she instructed, pointing with her green eyes the cape – Keep close to me and hide your witchy charms and amulets. – and when she felt the little guy getting under her torn cape and taking her armored hand, she smiled briefly – Good boy. Now let's walk. This place has to have an exit. They had been lucky their landing place had been a solitary, shadowy corner just beneath the battlements of, if Medraut's recalling in architecture lessons was any good, a very huge fortress. Fortunately, they weren't in a classic bailey zone, otherwise many of the resident soldiers, servants and even peasants would have spotted them quite easily. They seemed to be in a rather narrow space between the said bailey and the exterior. A double rampart. - Crappity crap. – the red-haired girl hissed – We've got somehow inside of one of those monstrous fortresses with outer ward zone. – and sticking to the outer wall, she took note of the many watch towers and the quick metallic steps followed by nervous talk that filled the battlements from side to side at that very moment – They know we're here, kiddo. You know how these \"Briton nobility\" guys feel about sorcery and stuff, so you make yourself as inconspicuous as you can and I… - she trailed off, licking her lips - … Should any harm comes to us, I will act as a shield while you run and hide, 'kay? – but as soon as she felt Loholt's thin arms circling her armored waist tightly as if saying he was not willing to let her go, she sighed – No hero shit, you're the important one here. Understood? – but sensing his hesitance, she pressed with a firmer tone – Understood, boy? Under her cloak, Loholt shut his eyes tightly and nodded in silence. Medraut allowed herself a brief moment of weakness and pressed the child's tiny form to her. This kid felt just as alone as she had felt a good part of her life, without parents to love and protect you, living in the middle of a hostile environment and learning real quick how to make your best with the scarce resources at your disposition. She had learned how to swing a sword at eight, and this boy probably had learned how to use his powers since he could remember. She knew him even less than she had known Lucius, and he was her enemy's son, but… somehow, she felt that protecting him was right, that to reciprocate his sweet kindness, the kindness of one so innocent and pure as a child could be, was not just a mere inner voice guiding her towards the right thing to do but… more like a duty, her duty. And her duty said that she would protect this child 'till the last consequences. No matter the cost. So, valiant and proud on her heels, Medraut of the High Lands advanced silently with the many gifts the Black Armor provided to her, making herself one with shadow, soon becoming mantled with one of the basic protection spells her little companion summoned to avoid being taken by surprise. But by surprise they were taken nonetheless when the cold hiss of a sword abandoning the cave of its sheath reverberated a few inches from the girl's back. Soon, a monstrous serrated sword found hers in midair and both steels met amidst a rain of sparks like a thunder roaring before the real storm. Under her big black hood, Medraut gasped as soon as she caught sight of her attacker. If young Bors had looked like a mastodon to her, this one was the closest thing she had ever seen to a human mountain: widely surpassing seven foot tall; with trained, hiper-developed muscle mass even in the very brows that crowned the coldest eyes she had ever seen in a man, Medraut started to feel the inhuman pressure of his sword against hers, gaining ground each second he forced her blade downwards freehand with his sole strength. On the very moment she felt her fingers and wrist ache, making her pulse slightly trembling, she knew she couldn't win this battle using her enhanced strength. So she maneuvered backwards, interposing her body between her opponent and little Loholt, and made an attempt to disarm him. But he was stronger and certainly quicker in thought than she had initially predicted, for he evaded the maneuver quite easily while he gave her a short, raspy laugh. - Nice trick. – he commented, his voice harsh but not unpleasant, thickly accented as he rolled some consonants in a way that felt oddly familiar – But not one you should put on a foe twice as big and stronger as you. After that, Medraut deflected the first and second blows… but the third she found herself gasping for a second time when her foe's blade attempted to pierce her shoulder's juncture as soon as she missed a strike. It wasn't like his blade could harm her armor or the flesh beneath it in any way… but she now realized how vulnerable and exposed she was without her helmet. One well-directed blow with just the right amount of strength and her pretty head would roll over the ground like a soccer ball. So she started to sweat under her armor. Hard. Her opponent was relentless, delivering blow after blow with an impossible speed given his monstrous physical breadth, parrying and deflecting again and again her attacks with a terrifying ease. No matter how strong, smart or quick she was, he always predicted her moves, making her sweat profusely under her armor as the minutes passed and more blows were exchanged. Medraut's eyes were so preoccupied with her foe's sword than she wasn't really looking at his expressions to count with some vantage over his moves, for his height was so great that the angle her head would have to turn upwards to see him would have given away her precarious cover. The small boy Loholt, since the duel's start, had run towards a shadowy corner and was observing petrified and utterly terrified how that titan was openly playing with his friend, tiring her like a cat tires the mouse before delivering the killing move. And he, even frightened as he was, wasn't going to allow that man to harm his only friend in this world. So, as he saw Medraut falter the briefest of the moments, he also saw the murdering gleam reflected on the other's eyes as the man rose his menacing weapon, ready to strike for good… and, against his best judgment, Loholt clapped both of his hands and, intertwining this gesture with ancient arcane words that spoke of a more ancient, magical world that each year was more and more obscured by Christianity, send an ethereal wave of bluish light that blinded the giant momentarily, giving Medraut the opportunity she needed to disarm him. And she took that opportunity avidly. But, as the serrated blade hit the ground, the girl saw, horrified, how her opponent had taken her sword by the blade, bare handed, and had stopped her blow in midair. As Medraut's incredulous eyes went from the tip of her sword, now pearled with blood that leak drop by drop soundly to the ground, to the arrogant smile the man wore at that moment… she finally took in his face completely as a whole and not separated, short-lived details in her brain; truly looking at the man in front of her. With a strong, wide gullet supporting a stronger, proud and slightly inverted jaw, pale as snow, with thin, cruel lips full of sharp white teeth twisted in an unsettling smile, his face made something inside her stomach twist as her eyes went upwards, taking in all an unknown visage that made her very soul jump up her throat. He had a thin nose with a pronounced bridge and flaring nostrils that ended upwards in a permanently frowned brow that crowned bloodshot, fiery… yet strongly familiar eyes. Eyes as she, now in the aftermath of the battle, noticed that they were brightly green and reptilian as her own. But it cannot be… he was dead. Dead long before she was even born. But then she remembered what she had seen before losing consciousness. The man and the stone. The trap and the unyielding soul. The sword and the searing pain weaving arcane paths up the circulatory system. This man… even as much as her rational inner self said otherwise, this man truly was… He was… him . The one she had wished she had known, the one whose's hand she had never touched, the one whose voice she had never heard… the one she had wish she could have loved. Wasn't he? It had to be; her green eyes, her own bright red hair, her paleness and her northern features were boldly present all over him; no matter from which angle she wanted to look at it, his entire being screamed of familiarity, of kin, of flesh and blood. She was in front of what her heart had wanted most since she could remember. Alive, tangible, breathing… talking… Could she be dreaming after all? - Game's over, pal. – he said after what seemed like an Eternity to the still dazed girl – Now gimme the butter knife you're using as a weapon and come with me, nice and easy. No need to get a broken wrist or a bruised jaw, eh? – he added perversely, clearly enjoying himself – Let's all keep our heads, shall we? Medraut's eyes squinted. That was… a joke? Really? She recalled her mother saying something about a very… peculiar sense of humor of his, but never young Medraut had thought it could have played this way under this kind of circumstances. When she had thought about how he could have been, she always tended to visualize him as a strong, reliable, opinionated and bold man… but not this human mountain with unsettling eyes and weird sense of humor. This wasn't what she had expected. But he hadn't done with talking just yet. - You better tell your druid friend to stay still and no funny tricks. – he said with a tone she didn't like in the slightest - For these gentlemen are less understanding than me when it comes to the Old Ways. Feeling a chilling sweat rolling down her spine under her armor, Medraut turned her head around to see little Loholt surrounded by at least a dozen armed men restraining him like they would do to a full-grown adult and not the thin child he was. And many of their blades were pointing at his neck. Her eyes found his, whose had turned from bright blue to dull gray as if misted while an ashamed look of deep self-blaming pleaded silently for her forgiveness. For he had failed her, and because of that, both were trapped. He had failed her trying to protect her. Then, as if trying to persuade her to drop her weapon, one of the blades that were against Loholt's throat went a bit closer and drew a thin line on the tender flesh that started to bleed. At the sight of his blood, her eyes flashed in anger and the arcane energies woven in the Black Armor penetrated her circulatory system giving her enough reflexes and speed to take one of her many hidden knifes and, with a deafening cry upon her lips, violently throwing it to the offending hand that wielded the offending blade. The man dropped instantaneously his weapon while clutching his wounded hand and screamed in pain. But no-one dared to avenge their comrade as they looked, petrified, to what was in front of their very eyes. For the black knight's dark hood had dropped with the movement and a wild long mane of red fiery curly hair rippled freely in the wind. And under such a lustrous, leonine mane was the face of a girl, not even a woman yet, whose strong northern features faced them with the scariest, righteous ire they had ever seen in a human being. But what was most frightening of all were her eyes, venomous and cold as a drake's and filled with the green glow of the arcane. Everybody held their respective breaths as her thin, bloodless lips opened as she spoke. And her voice was terribly inhuman. - Touch one single hair of his head again, and I will slit one by one all of your throats and present your heads to my Gods as an offering. Many gasps of incredulous, frightened hearts filled the short space between them and this unholy female creature clad in black iron. For there was nothing more terrifying to the Iron Lords of the Round Table than an ungodly, dark Iron Maiden mantled in the ancient powers they feared most. But one of those scared men, the bravest, dashing of all, dark curly hair and beautiful blue eyes set in a face full of determination and holy devotion raised his voice in the name of his King. For Lancelot of the Lake had never been a man of casting his eyes down in the face of the unholy. - Who are you? – he simply asked, holding her glowing gaze. And then, her pale lips formed a sardonic smile that reminded Lancelot of someone else he knew. Someone else who had said nothing since the girl had spoken. Someone else who was looking at her with a strange mixture of shock and recognizement painted all along his features. Someone else whose hand was still bleeding from the blade she wielded. Someone else Lancelot dreaded with all his might. - You may call me… Mordred. – she answered, whispers from the inner darkness of the Armor seizing her tongue, her voice… her mind – The one who seeks the One Truth. – but a rebellious wild beast she was, for she managed to reign once more over her mind, taking the venomous green glow from her eyes and leaving her sole steely gaze, planting face to these men and their unjust society, her voice powerfully infused with strength and beauty – Protector of the blood of the Dragons and their righteous Head. – she added, giving to the small child an intense look of courage, of unwavering friendship… of devoting loyalty – Cut the Dragon's Head, and its fire will engulf you all. Author' s Note: here I am again! Sorry it took so long to update, but I've got a new job and I'm still learning and adapting to my new timetables. So... do you like it? This is meant as a \"What if...?\" kind of story, as you can see. For given different circumstances, the story could have played very differently, right? I know it's a bit confusing mixing two different generations from two very different Times, but everything will unravel at its due time. Meanwhile, I am sure I will need more chapters than I initially planned (as usual), so we will see more of the beloved QfC characters. Now, I bid you farewell. I hope to finish the next chapter sooner than this one took. Cheers! PD: yep, I took shamelessly Madame Ming from Disney's \"Merlin\" and made her Ganieda, another witch lady from Arthurian Myths who was also Merlin's sister. ","Summary":" \"The Legend of the Black Armor\" Chap. 01: Enter the companions . Attention this is meant as a sec"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"We are of Different Colors","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12523897","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An before we get started: this is just a place where I'll post random shit from the Home folder in my Fanfiction folder in my Documents folder on my computer. If people are actually interested in them I'll see what I can do, yes? I won't promise anything, though I'll do my best. Cheers! Tip was having a bad day. It wasn't that anything bad was happening , mind you, but the moment she opened her eyes this morning it had sparked through her like electricity. This is not my day . Then there were the signs, if you believed in these things (She didn't). She'd spilled salt at breakfast. She had to rush under a ladder on her way to school. The neighbors black cat had crossed the road, stopped, stared at her and meowed before disappearing. Her English novel got a four minus, and with six as the best and one as the worst Tip wasn't really happy about that. These didn't matter, not really. But then there'd been Oh . Pure, innocent Oh with his irritating –but cute- way of talking. And Jesus, here, barricaded in her own room, Tip realized that God damn, but was it cliché. He'd just been standing there, in the entrance to the school with the sunset behind him, but he was smiling and his blue, gorgeous eyes were sparkling with happiness. Tip's breath had caught in her throat and she'd made a choking sound as her heart sped up at the image. It's just Oh, get a grip , she'd told herself. But 'just Oh' wasn't… just Oh anymore. And Tip had no idea how, where or when it had happened. Fuck , she'd thought before throwing herself into the Slushious, refusing to speak to the Boov, rushing into her apartment and barricading her door. Oh was sitting outside, she knew this, but she'd asked him quietly to give me some time Oh I'll come out soon just give me some time to think . He did. It wasn't helping, not at all. Fuck , she thought again, and buried her face in her hands.[Chapter 2] It was a beautiful day. The sun was shining through the forest roof, and the air was fresh and warm. Birds were chirping away in tall trees, accompanied by the soft rustling of mild breeze in green leaves. The smell of grass, dirt and wildlife filled the air, while trees and plants of all colors seemed to spring out of nowhere, no matter where you went. Yet still, Tip was running around, almost frantically. She was looking for her short, purple friend, but it was hard to find him. That wasn't the reason she was freaking out, though. You see, just recent moments ago they'd been walking together down the street of their hometown. Rain was pouring down around them, and the usual sounds of city life was painfully loud. They could smell rain, exhaust and pollution as well as hot dogs being fried just around the corner. Even though people around them wore red coats, blue jeans, pink umbrellas and orange shoes, the world seemed grey. Compared to this explosion of color, Earth had seemed like a sad place. But then Oh had stopped. He'd picked up a computer mouse, asking why it had been left here, on the street. Tip had leaned forward to inspect it, maybe it was broken, and her fingers had brushed past Oh's. There'd been a flash of light, and Tip found herself here, in the middle of the woods. Without Oh. She had all the rights to freak out. \"Oh!\" So she did. A sound, barely audible, tickled her ears as it went by. Freezing, Tip cocked her head towards the direction in which she had heard the faint call. \"Oh?\" she yelled. \"Tip!\" The answering cry was weak and almost non-existent, but it was there, and Tip fell over in her haste to get to the source. \"Oh!\" she yelled, just to make sure he knew where she was. Mere moments later, she stumbled over a root and straight into Oh's arms. He huffed, but did his best to keep her upright and standing. Pulling back, Tip went to check whether Oh was alright or not. Besides nearly hyperventilating and pupils blown even wider than normal, he seemed fine. \"Are you okay?\" Tip asked, not too keen on taking chances. Oh blinked, and his pupils shrunk slightly. What a relief, his eyes were still blue beneath all that blackness. \"Yes,\" he breathed, nodding sloppily. \"You?\" \"I'm fine,\" Tip said absentmindedly. \"What happened?\" Oh blinked again, eyes finally returning to normal. His breathing slowed down. \"I do not know!\" \"Alright, forget about that,\" Tip muttered, closing her eyes and pinching the bridge of her nose. \"Where are we?\" There came a sound of rustling from the forest. \"Uhm,\" Oh said. \"I am thinking it is a matter of 'when' and not 'where'.\" He stated it flatly, as if the concept that they'd travelled in time wasn't completely ridiculous. But Oh didn't joke like that. Tip opened her eyes and looked up, yelping in surprise when she noticed their surroundings. \"That clothing, those weapons… they are from ancient Boov times.\" Oh's voice cracked when he said 'ancient'. Boovs pointing weapons at them surrounded the two friends. \"They could be dressing up?\" Tip tried weakly, standing up with slow movements. The nearest Boov growled at her and waved their spear in her direction. Oh shook his head seriously. \"No,\" he said. \"They are not to recognizing the Tunic of Captain.\" He shot her a look. \"They are not to recognizing you, too.\" Tip swallowed heavily. \"No, Tip. These are being our enemies.\" Remember, if you want more of something, tell me in a review (plus why you want it, and a thing you'd like to see, or else nothing's going to happen). Updates will come when I can![Chapter 3] Oh was running through darkness. Again. He was always running through darkness, it seemed. Why he was running? He didn't know. It was just… this overwhelming urge to run somewhere. He didn't know where he was supposed to go, but he had to run . He never got tired, he never collapsed, he never fell apart in the edges as he sometimes did when he was awake. There was someone out there; he knew it. Someone he had to find. How was he supposed to find them? He sped up, looking around desperately. Of course he couldn't see anything; it was darkness all around him. It wasn't darkness like the one where there is lack of light- it was darkness as if there was nothing there at all . If he tried, Oh could see himself, his arms, his tunic, his legs. A sudden tug. That was a new urge. He opened his mouth. And sung. \" I feel like it's just me, like it's just me, what it gon' take, what it gon' be? I don't even know.\" He closed his mouth and sped up, thinking it was over. Then- \"It's not just you…\" That- that wasn't him. That hadn't been him. Tug . \" But I'm lonely, feeling like I don't even know me, I don't even know me-\" He stopped and listened. An echo. God knows what could create an echo in this empty, cold place but Oh would find it and kiss it a few thousand times, because yes, he could hear it, now- \" I feel it too…\" He ran towards the sound, tripping and almost falling. \" Gotta have you gotta see you.\" There it was again. \" You're the only thing I have to think about, the only one that I can't live without .\" His breath caught. Light. There was light. In all his eleven years of running in this place there'd never been light. It was a girl, he saw, but she wasn't Boov. Her skin was dark, and there was something on top of her head, something curly, something soft looking. She wasn't Boov, but by God was she beautiful. \" I see you ,\" Oh sung. The alien girl looked up, startled, and gasped, scrambling to get up. \" I need you to hold me now-! \" She almost yelled the words and stumbled towards him. He exhaled a disbelieving breath, and then he ran towards her, too. She fell in front of him and pulled him closer to her, putting her arms around him and holding tight. \" Can you hold me... can you hold me in your arms…\" He did. The song used is Can You Hold Me , by NF Review... reeeeevieeeeeeew...[Chapter 4] Continued from chapter 1 All right. Tip was in love with her best friend. This was- completely doable and not hard at all. No, of course not, what are you talking about? Tip drew a shivering breath and pulled herself up from the floor. She could do this. Completely doable. Taking a few moments to straighten her hair, she steadied herself on the doorframe before slowly opening the door and peeking out. Oh was nowhere to be seen. Unsure if she should be disappointed or relieved, Tip exhaled heavily and walked into her room again. All right . It couldn't be that hard. She was wrong. It was hard. It was harder than hard, it was the hardest she'd ever had to try and do. Oh God, this was impossible ! Especially as Oh knew something was up, and was trying to figure out what. \"Tip,\" he repeated, for the umpteenth time this week. \"Tip, what is wrongness?\" \"Nothing, Oh!\" Tip chirped cheerily, turning away immediately and rubbing at her chest. It hurt to lie to him, but what could she do? She couldn't just confess to him, dear Jesus, no. \"Nothing at all!\" He was frowning, she could tell. \"I am not believing you.\" Tip took a deep breath. \"All right Oh, no. I'm not fine, but I'm working on it,\" she said, closing her eyes and balling her hands into fists. \"I can to help you!\" Oh tried, walking around her. Looking down at him, Tip felt her shoulders slump and her expression go soft. He seemed so sincere. He was sincere, he truly, genuinely wanted to help her. She wanted to tell him. She couldn't tell him. \"I don't think so, Oh,\" she whispered, and walked past him without a backwards glance. It hurt. But she couldn't tell him. An: Gah, I'm sorry that this was all I could get out of chapter one, Here's a tip, Tip, but- I mean, I guess it's something? If I ever feel inspired to do more, I will, of course. Cheers![Chapter 5] It had begun when he was… quite young. One or maybe two. It was just a… very sudden voice in his head, sounding so much like a very young girl. He was not sure what was going on, but went with it. Found you! Found me? I've been searching forever to find you! Care to explain? I'm your soulmate, I've been trying to find you for very, very long. What do you mean? I've linked our minds, like soulmates can do. You- know about soulmates… right? No. Oh. Yes? Huh? You said my name. Thought. Whatever. Your name is Oh? Yeah. Cool, mine's Tip. Hello, Tip. It didn't take long before they'd established the fact that they shouldn't tell people about their… link . Not yet, at least. (Five years old) Oh was holding himself, curled up in his round bed, skin flaring blue now and then. He wasn't sure if they had meant it as a mean thing, the kids, but… maybe? He wasn't sure, how could he know? He'd never been good at this stuff. Suddenly, a shrill voice broke through his thoughts. It was a voice he hadn't heard in a very long time, and he found himself gasping in relief. Oh, what's going on? I can feel something is wrong! I- I think they're mocking me , he told the girl through their link. Who? I thought I could call them my friends, but… But? They said that we're not supposed to have friends. They looked red. They looked disgusted. Tip's reaction was furious. Of course we're supposed to be and have friends, what, are they complete idiots? Look at us, we're friends, right? Oh gave a soft smile and relaxed his hold. Things would always be okay, he had his soulmate talking to him in his head. Oh? Sorry, yeah. We- we're friends. Of course we are. (Six years) Are you real? The question came so suddenly that Oh nearly fell off his chair. Tip had been more or less silent the last weeks, and the sudden burst surprised him. The Boov nearby sent him odd looks. \"He he…\" he muttered, and hurried to clean up after himself, rushing out of the dining room. Of course I'm real, Tip, why? I just… I don't have that many friends. So I thought maybe… maybe you're a part of my imagination, made so I wouldn't feel so lonely. I'm so scared, Oh… have I gone mad? His breath caught in his throat. This was one of his greatest fears, too. That his friend wasn't real, that Tip didn't really exist, that one day she'd simply disappear. And now she was telling him she was scared of the exact same thing. I'm afraid so, he said, quoting something he knew the girl was a fan of. You're entirely bonkers. He could feel her smile. But I will tell you a secret. All the best people are , she finished at the same time as him, before singing a soft tune. And I think you're crazy too, I know you're gone, that's probably the reason why we get along. … Yeah you can be Alice; I'll be the mad hatter. He'd caught himself wondering more than once where in the world the girl had learned such a thing. She was a strange masterpiece, not completely finished yet, not actually started and not quite ended. I'm scared of the same thing. Are you real? I cannot be sure, and neither can you. I think this is a question about trust, he explained. The line was silent for a while, just as he locked himself into his own room. …I wish I could hold you right now. I need a hug. I wish I could hug you , he shot back before he could consider what he was saying. If it helps, I'm hugging a pillow and pretending it's you, he said just as he grabbed a pillow and did that exact thing. Warmth spilled into him, caused by a large smile on the other end of the link. (Seven years) How do you look? Oh chuckled, and put aside his mechanical fiddling, so he could focus on his talk. Why, I'm purple of course. Yeah right, was the answer he got, and he rolled his eyes. Well, aren't you? he asked jokingly. He hadn't expected the answer to be No! There was silence for a few seconds. Are you serious? Yes, of course I am, are you? There was a shocked silence a few seconds. …have we ever thought about the possibility that we may be different species? he asked nervously. Oh my god, no we haven't- I'm a human, what are you? I'm a Boov, he told her. What in the seven seas is a human? They weren't disgusted nor angry. They were intrigued; it was just as if they got to get to know their soulmate all over again. New things to discover, new things to learn! They swapped facts, and of all things they could react to, Tip decided to laugh her ass off when he mentioned his height. Apparently, she was much taller than him. Or rather would be, with some time.[Chapter 6] \"I will not let you touch her!\" Oh cried and stumbled forward, dodging the spikes a Boov had thrown in his direction. \"What!?\" Smek cried and dove for cover behind a wall of dirt. \"You are protecting that- that thing ?!\" A jet of warm water passed by him and he flashed red with a snarl. \"Enough with the shooting! This is between me and him!\" \"Yes!\" Oh sneered, and a gust of wind –not his strongest element- pushed Smek backwards. \"I am!\" \"Why!?\" asked Smek desperately, doing his best to stay on his feet. A rain of rocks went flying in Oh's direction. \"Does I have to have reasoning?\" Oh complained and zigzagged to dodge the painful end. \"Yes!\" Smek cried. He pressed his palms together and breathed on them. Moments later he shot a fireball towards his enemy, but it was sloppy and slow, and Oh managed to dodge. A few feet away, tucked away safely, the object they were talking about was crawling across the roof of a building. Her name was Gratuity Tucci, but her friends called her Tip, and she was about to do something that could change Earth as she knew it. Slowly, as if the world might break underneath her knees if she moved to fast, she crawled towards the pile of rocks just above where Smek, the Boov Captain, was standing and trying to fight her angered friend. She barely realized they were talking about her; she was that focused on her task. The rocks felt strange to her touch. They felt rough and cold and heavy and she loved it. Pushing them was harder than she'd thought, but when she'd tried for a while they gave away under her hands. Of course, when the first one went, the rest followed shortly after, and they went crashing down on top of Smek. He didn't even have the time to realize what had happened before Tip had jumped down on top of the pile, ran to Oh's side and begun to pull him with her. \"We have to go,\" she whisper-yelled. \"Now!\" She got no answer, but Oh ran next to her, so he must have understood the severity in the situation. None of the Boovs stopped them when they hopped into the Slushious, and no one stopped them when they drove away either. Tip took a deep breath. Then another. \"Did I kill him?\" Oh looked at her from the drivers seat. \"I do not believing we are that lucky,\" he muttered darkly. \"Oh!\" Tip said. \"Please, this is serious-,\" \"No,\" Oh interrupted her. \"No, I am not thinking that you were killing him.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Yes.\" Tip took another deep breath and sighed in relief. \"Thank God. Even though he's a menace he doesn't deserve to die. No one does.\" Oh frowned, as if in deep thought, and turned his gaze towards the window on his left side. Away from her. His skin changed to a weird mix between blue and pink, as if he couldn't decide on what to feel. \"I am sorries, Gratuity Tucci. I- I was wanting to help you finding your Mymom, but- I was not expecting her to be the dead. If there was being any of ways to helping her, I would.\" He paused, and the blue colour finally won. \"But it is not lying in my power to awake the dead.\" \"Oh,\" Tip whispered, smiling gently despite the tears filling her eyes. \"Oh, it's fine, she was- she was dying anyways, but-\" She had to stop for a moment as the tears spilled over and down her cheeks. \"It still hurts.\" The Boov made a whimpering sound. \"Gratuity Tucci, I-\" \"Tip,\" Tip broke in. \"What?\" \"Call me Tip,\" she explained. \"Please.\" Oh's jaw dropped and his eyes widened. He swallowed hard and tried to conceal how happy he was, but his skin was betraying him by turning a flashy orange. \"Okay,\" he squealed. Tip giggled, pain and horrors forgotten. \"What do we do now?\" she asked after a few minutes, when Oh's colour had more or less returned to purple. \"What does you mean?\" \"I have nowhere to go. You have nowhere to go. My mom's dead, you don't have any family, you fixed your mistake, and we're hated by all Boov. What're we supposed to do?\" He turned to her and gave her a wide grin, as his blue eyes lit up from the inside. \"Live.\" An: whops, wrong format and everything in this chapter... thanks to christianqueenofegypt for pointing it out![Chapter 7] \"You can come with me! You will be safety!\" Oh insisted. Did he honestly believe that? Tip shook her head. \"No, Oh, I won't!\" she said, gesturing madly with her hands. \"Don't you see? You've made sixty-two mistakes; nine, and you're out! They're going to erase you, and if I come with you they'll erase me, too!\" He blinked in surprise as his skin turned white. \"What?\" \"And- and besides, the Gorg aren't looking for us , they're looking for you , the Boov.\" \"The possibility for success falls below fifty percent…\" he muttered and looked over his shoulder, at the last escape pod. \"But-\" \"Oh, I don't have hope for going with you. You've heard the facts. If you'd rather die than spending more time with me, that's okay. I can find my mom myself. Bye.\" Tip turned and took a few steps away from him. \"Tip, wait!\" he called after her, and she stopped. She didn't turn, but she stopped. \"I will not be accepted among humanspersons, it will not be safety for me…\" \"But it's still safer to stay here, on Earth, than to go up there, to willingly embrace your death!\" Tip yelled at him. \"Make up your mind! Are you going, or do you stay?\" All fight left him and he exhaled heavily, shoulders slumping. \"I am to staying.\" She smiled. \"Good. Now help me find my mom.\" ","Summary":" An before we get started: this is just a place where I'll post random shit from the Home folder in "},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Cherry's Adventures of Home","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12348301","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cherry was on the phone with one of her cousins until she had to go to a 'secret meeting' which would mean a mission for her and the others. \"Okay, Tip, you tell Aunt Lucy that I'll be over as soon as I can, I, uh, have homework to do right now.\" \"Okay, don't be late.\" Tip's voice said. Cherry then hung up and ran upstairs so she could make it to her appointment. Mo, Patch, and Atticus were already there. \"Please don't tell me I'm late.\" Cherry frowned. \"Nope.\" Patch shook his head. \"Oh, thank goodness, I was on the phone with my cousin Tip.\" Cherry said as she then took her seat. \"I hope to meet her.\" Atticus and Mo said. The two then looked to each other and blushed with sheepish smiles. \"Her name is 'Tip'?\" Patch asked curiously. \"It's short for 'Gratuity',\" Cherry replied. \"When I was younger, I couldn't say that name, so I called her Tip for short.\" \"That's a nice nickname.\" Patch smiled. The others then waited for Drell to show up so he could give them their newest assignment. They soon saw Drell rushing in. \"There you are!\" Atticus told him. \"Sorry about that, guys, I overslept and it threw off my whole day!\" Drell replied to them. \"Luckily, I remember what I wanted from you guys, it involves a race of aliens called The Boov.\" \"The Boov?\" Patch asked out of confusion. Cherry snickered and then cleared her throat. \"Sorry...\" She then said, she couldn't help but laugh at that alien species name. \"They're from a galaxy far away from our own and they're going to move here to Earth to go into hiding.\" Drell explained. \"Well, at least they're not invading.\" Mo said. \"Well, they are sort of harmless, but they plan on removing every human on the Earth.\" Drell replied. \"Looks like we'll need to inform the Justice League and my uncle, Captain Planet.\" Mo said. \"That might be a good idea,\" Drell agreed. \"Just be careful of Captain Smek, he's the real bad one...\" he then showed images of the Boov species. \"Aw, they're so cute~\" Cherry cooed. \"They look so squishy!\" \"They sure are.\" Mo smiled. \"Please try to stay focused, will you, girls?\" Drell glanced at Cherry and Mo. \"But they're soooo cuuute!\" Cherry gushed. \"They're so cute, I'm gonna die!\" \"Atticus, please inform Gaia so she can tell the Planeteers, so then Captain Planet knows.\" Drell said. \"You got it!\" Atticus saluted. \"Wanna come, Mo?\" \"Could I?\" Mo beamed. \"Can she?\" Atticus asked hopefully. \"Just no canoodling.\" Drell warned them. \"We promise.\" Atticus and Mo said. \"All right, off you guys go then.\" Drell replied. Atticus and Mo then went off to tell Gaia. \"Something tells me that maybe Oh will like you.\" Drell said to Patch. \"Oh?\" Patch replied. \"Yes, he's a bit of a misfit of the Boov.\" Drell sighed. \"Is he nice?\" Patch asked. \"A little too nice...\" Drell replied. \"He's very naive.\" \"Kinda like SpongeBob.\" Cherry remarked by that description. \"Yep.\" Drell nodded. \"Poor Oh...\" Patch frowned. \"Why are the Boov invading Earth anyway?\" \"To get away from their enemy, the Gorg.\" Drell replied. \"I'm afraid to ask, but what are the Gorg?\" Patch asked with a gulp. \"Let me see...\" Drell took out his files. Cherry and Patch both began to pray for the same thing. Meanwhile with Atticus and Mo on Hope Island... Mo was riding on Atticus's back as he ran to the island to see Gaia herself as she was taking one of her infamous rests. She soon sensed Atticus and Mo coming, causing her to wake up with a smile. \"Oh, Atticus, Mo, good to see you two.\" \"Hi, Gaia.\" Mo smiled and hugged the goddess woman. \"What can I do for you two?\" Gaia smiled back to the teenager couple. \"You need to warn the Planeteers and Captain Planet about a race of aliens called the Boov that are going to remove all the humans from the Earth.\" Atticus said. \"The Boov?\" Gaia asked. \"I feel I've heard that name somewhere before, but thank you for telling me.\" \"You're welcome, Gaia.\" Atticus said. Gaia then went to do her thing. \"Could I join you?\" Mo asked hopefully. \"Sure, dear...\" Gaia smiled as she loved the girl like an heiress of some sort. \"I'm going to inform the Justice League.\" Atticus said. Mo whimpered to him. \"Aw, Mo, you'll be fine with Gaia,\" Atticus soothed. \"Besides, you're closer to Hope Island and I am to the Justice League.\" \"True.\" Mo nodded. \"You guys take care, I'll be back in... A flash.\" Atticus said before winking. \"You're Sayia Boy.\" Mo narrowed her eyes. \"I tried...\" Atticus sighed before going to the Justice League. \"I think I like the name Saiya Man better.\" Mo said. \"Maybe when I'm a little older.\" Atticus blushed to that. Gaia giggled as she then contacted the Planeteers from around the world and where they soon arrived at the Crystal Chamber as they were all on the island. \"Hey, guys!\" Mo smiled to the Planeteers. \"Hey, Mo.\" Wheeler smiled back. Gi and Mo shared a hug with each other. \"Vhat is going on?\" Linka asked. \"Okay, this is gonna sound crazy, but there's aliens invading the planet and they plan on getting rid of every human in sight!\" Mo told them. \"Mo, are you feeling okay? Because that sounds crazy.\" Kwame said. \"I know, but it's true, Drell said so!\" Mo replied. \"I'm afraid she's right...\" Gaia added as she took a look at the Earth. \"The humans seemed to be in one spot all together though, but one of them is not with the others and she's currently in hiding with her pet cat.\" \"Wait, you mean they've already invaded?\" Mo asked. \"Would one of their spacecrafts be sphere shaped?\" Ma-Ti asked while looking up at the sky. \"That's right.\" Gaia told him. \"I think we found them.\" Gi said as she also looked up. They all soon looked up to see the space crafts. \"They won't be taking us without a fight.\" Wheeler glared. \"Let our powers combine!\" Kwame told the others as usual. \"And please hurry because they're getting closer.\" Mo said. \"Earth!\" Kwame started as his ring shot out a beam of green light up to the sky. \"Fire!\" Wheeler called out as his ring shot up a beam of light up to the sky. \"Wind!\" Linka joined in the routine. \"Water!\" Gi added. \"Heart!\" Ma-Ti concluded. Once all five rings beams of light collided, they had summoned Captain Planet. \"By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet!\" Captain Planet called out as he appeared. \"Uncle Planet!\" Mo smiled. \"Hi, Mo,\" Captain Planet hugged her. \"What seems to be the problem?\" \"An alien invasion.\" Mo replied. Captain Planet soon looked up to see the spacecraft. Captain Smek smiled darkly as they were coming to Earth and getting rid of anything they found useless from the planet. \"Looks like it's time I give these guys the boot.\" Captain Planet said as he flew up. \"Oh, be gentle, they don't seem too dangerous!\" Mo called out as she was worried for some of the aliens, even if they were invading her home planet. Meanwhile with Atticus... Atticus panted once he came to the Justice League and knocked on the door. \"No solicitors!\" Superman called out. \"Superman, it's me!\" Atticus called back. \"Oh, in that case, you can come in!\" Superman called back. The doors then opened. Atticus then came into the meeting room. \"What's up, Atticus?\" Superman asked. \"ALIENS!\" Atticus cried out. Superman blinked. \"Um, Atticus, some people say that to say 'hello'...\" \"I'm meaning real aliens!\" Atticus told him. \"Real aliens?\" Wonder Woman asked. \"Something called Boov.\" Atticus replied. \"They are harmless, but must be stopped.\" Martian Manhunter said. \"Yes, especially their captain, Smek.\" Atticus replied. \"Who told you about this?\" Superman asked. \"Drell did.\" Atticus said like it was obvious. \"That makes sense.\" Batman said. \"He said they're not as dangerous as most aliens, like the ones that Cherry's sister met with us in the Men in Black.\" Atticus told the Justice League. \"And he's right.\" Martian Manhunter said. \"Of course I'm right.\" Atticus smirked. \"Well, we better go fight off these aliens.\" Flash said. \"I'll help!\" Atticus said. \"Right, Superman?\" \"Right.\" Superman ruffled up his dark brown hair. They were all soon teleported to Earth. The Boov, though mostly Oh, were excited to be moving to Earth, even if most of the others were annoyed by him and were surprised as Captain Planet kicked most of their spacecrafts like soccer balls. \"What is going on?!\" Captain Smek growled. \"This is the very bad things!\" Oh cried out. They soon see the heroes about to join in. \"Who are those creatures?\" Captain Smek narrowed his eyes. \"I believe they are the supered humans.\" a Boov guessed. \"What shall we be doing, Captain Smek?\" One of the Boov asked. \"Those humans must be working with the Gorg, we must getting rid of them!\" Captain Smek commanded. \"But how?\" Another Boov asked. \"Who knows why these humans doos the things they doos?\" Captain Smek sighed. \"We might need to capture some of them and keep them for our enslavements.\" \"Can we not make friends with these humans?\" Oh suggested which made the other Boov groan at him. \"Fire the Unibeam Cannon.\" Captain Smek commanded. The Boov who were in control saluted and did that against the Justice Friends as they worked with Atticus. \"We're almost finished.\" Captain Planet said. \"You got that right.\" Atticus agreed to his possible future uncle-in-law. They all soon see a cannon being aimed at Captain Planet and Superman. \"Guys, look out!\" Atticus cried out once he saw the cannon. The cannon was then shot for the two heroes and which hit the two. Atticus winced. \"Oh, I hope that didn't hurt.\" \"We got the humans, Captain Smek!\" A Boov announced. \"Only two of them, hit the rest.\" Captain Smek said. \"Yes, sir!\" Another Boov replied. Superman and Captain Planet both felt like their powers were drained. Atticus came to help Superman and Captain Planet and a Boov launched a cannon to him and shot right on target. \"Watch out!\" Flash called out. \"What? YAUGH!\" Atticus asked before he was suddenly drained himself. \"Oh, no... I feel... Weak... Someone... Help me...\" He was soon instant-transmitted back to Earth by Goku.[Chapter 2] Atticus closed his eyes until he opened them again and felt weak. \"Ugh, I feel like I just got hit by a truck...\" Goku soon gave him a sensu bean. \"Eat this, you'll get your strength back.\" He said. \"What is it?\" Atticus asked. \"It's a sensu bean, now eat it!\" Goku told him. Atticus then nodded and ate the bean and felt empowered again. He soon back-flipped in the air and soon landed on the ground, causing it to shake due to his strength being returned. \"Can I have a pouch of those?\" He then asked with a smile. Goku reached into his pocket and took out a bag of the beans. \"Here you go, buddy.\" \"Thanks,\" Atticus said accepting the bag. \"I gotta go give Captain Planet and Superman each a sensu bean.\" \"I figured that's what you'd need it for.\" Goku replied. \"Yeah, Earth is being invaded by these creatures called the Boov.\" Atticus informed. \"I think I see most of them going to a city.\" Goku said. \"You've seen them?\" Atticus asked. \"Yes, I think they'll relocate there after they send away the humans.\" Goku replied. Superman and Captain Planet soon appeared from teleportation from the Watch Tower. \"We have to stop them!\" Atticus said. \"I don't care if they're harmless, they're not invading my home!\" He soon gave Superman and Captain Planet both a sensu bean. \"What's this?\" Superman asked. \"It's a sensu bean, eat it.\" Atticus urged. \"Let's try them.\" Captain Planet shrugged to Superman. Superman also shrugged and the two tried the beans while Atticus had a knowing smile on his face and where they soon energized. \"We better keep a low profile from them.\" Superman said. \"Yeah, they know us all, so we better hide out...\" Atticus said before a black, orange, and white cat with a curly tail like a pig was wandering in the city. \"That cat must be lost.\" Atticus said. The cat looked over to him. Atticus soon pressed the button on his watch and he soon showed up back in his normal clothes. The others then agreed with Atticus and decided to act like civilians. \"Pig, what're you doing way out here?\" Cherry asked as she came up to the cat. \"Cherry, when did you get here?\" Atticus asked. \"And where exactly are we?\" \"Drell told me that the aliens were coming here,\" Cherry said as she picked up the cat named Pig. \"We're in Chicago, my cousin Tip lives here with her mom, but... No one seems to be here...\" \"I think one of them might have been taken by the Boov.\" Clark Kent said as he looked through one building with his X-Ray vision to see a skeleton of a little girl. \"You find someone?\" Captain Planet asked as he was disguised as a normal human man, but would still be known as Mo's uncle. \"He must mean Tip.\" Pig said in Cat language. \"Tip?\" Cherry asked as she could understand Pig. \"Yes, we've been hiding since those aliens took her mom.\" Pig pouted about Lucy's abduction after they moved away from Barbados. \"Then how did Tip and you not get abducted?\" Cherry asked. \"Well apparently, they don't allow animals on their spacecrafts.\" Pig said. \"Hmm... I'll have to look into that.\" Cherry hummed. A younger teenager girl came out and looked around to make sure that she wasn't being followed or watched. She then called out for her cat which made Pig jump from Cherry's arms and run toward her since she was his owner and she soon caught the fat cat, not letting him go. \"Oh, Pig...\" the girl hugged her cat nice and tight, she then looked in the distance to see her cousin. \"That's funny, that almost looks like Cherry...\" \"It is Cherry.\" Pig told her in Cat language as he nuzzled up to her. \"It is me, Tip.\" Cherry said. \"Cherry?\" the girl came closer. \"Hey, Tip.\" Cherry smiled. \"Oh, my gosh...\" Tip smiled back. \"It really is you!\" Mo and the Planeteers soon appeared by magic with Mo panting slightly. \"Um, who're they?\" Tip asked. \"That's a long story...\" Cherry replied. \"Uncle Planet, is that you?\" Mo asked once she saw her uncle in a civilian disguise. \"Yes, Mo, it is, we can't divert any unnecessary attention.\" Captain Planet told his niece. \"This is some city.\" Wheeler said. \"It's no Paris, but it is nice.\" Linka agreed. \"Okay, so these guys are called the Planeteers.\" Cherry said to Tip. \"I've heard about you guys.\" Tip said. \"Nice accent, where are you from?\" Ma-Ti asked. \"I'm from Barbados, I moved here a while back with my mother,\" Tip said as she held Pig in her arms. \"It's so nice to see other people here, but we better hide before those aliens find us.\" \"Inside we go.\" Cherry said. Tip then led them all to a hiding spot. \"If we need a ride, we can always take my car,\" she then said despite being under sixteen. \"I taught myself how to drive.\" \"How will all of us fit in it?\" Goku asked. \"Ooh! Ooh! Me! Me! Me!\" Atticus waved his hand. \"I can use my magic to make it bigger.\" \"Magic?\" Tip asked. \"Remember when I told you my friend Atticus was into magic? I meant real magic, not like magic tricks or cheesy stuff like that.\" Cherry said to her cousin. \"Okay, use your magic to make the car bigger.\" Tip said to Atticus. Atticus nodded and followed her to her car. Tip then showed him. \"Wow me, Houdini.\" Atticus then put his hands together before using his magic to make the car big enough for all of them. Tip's eyes widened to that as she wasn't expecting to see that. \"I told you.\" Cherry said to Tip. \"That was awesome,\" Tip said before seeing that most of the group with them were adults or teenagers old enough to drive. \"I guess one of us will drive.\" \"You don't wanna drive?\" Cherry asked. \"Eh, I'm not old enough, I'll wait a few years...\" Tip said then. \"One of you guys can drive, but don't you dare touch my radio.\" \"We won't.\" Atticus said. \"I'll drive.\" Goku volunteered. \"Aww...\" Atticus pouted as Goku took the driver's seat. The others then got comfortably into the car and Pig sat in Tip's lap as always. \"Oh, wait, I forgot something.\" Tip said. \"Hurry!\" Mo told her. Tip soon rushed back in the building and grabbed a present she had for her mom. Cherry was a little worried for her cousin, so she went after her. And as Tip went to get the present she got for her mother, the front door was beginning to open. This worried her, but luckily, she set a trap for whoever it could be as she knew it had to be an alien. And where she was right as she rushed to get the present for her mom. Tip put her hood up as she grabbed the present and climbed out the window. Cherry was on the other side and rushed her cousin to help her out before any of the aliens could see her and where the trap was set off as one of the aliens came in. There appeared to be a dance floor, a camera was set and there was glue spread on the alien's face and a doll suddenly flew up into a bucket and the alien was coated in glitter. Tip and Cherry were soon in the vehicle with the others. Tip laughed as she saw the alien's embarrassment as he was covered in glitter and the cameras flashed at him. \"Everyone buckled up?\" Goku asked. The others nodded. \"Check.\" Tip added as she got her seat-belt back on and Pig came back into her lap. \"Alright, and off we go.\" Goku said as he got the car started and then put the gear shift into drive and then drove off. \"Great.\" Tip smiled. Wheeler yawned and stretched, attempting to put his arm around Linka, which he did successfully without anyone or anything getting in the way. Linka looked to see she was being touched and then curiously looked to the North American boy who smiled friendly back to her. Linka didn't seem to mind this though as she had started to grow feelings towards him without knowing it. There were then spaceships in the sky. \"Oh, no!\" Tip got worried. \"Go there!\" she then pointed to a small shop that was right close up. Goku shrugged and then drove them all there and parked the car. Unfortunately, he was too forceful with the break as the car crashed. \"Sorry...\" he then smiled nervously to Tip. \"Never mind that, hide!\" Tip said as she ran into the store with Pig in her arm. They all then ran into the shop known as MOPO, but little did they know, they were going to be followed by someone. Christmas music played once they came into the shop and breathed in relief that they hadn't been spotted or caught by the aliens. \"That was close.\" Ma-Ti sighed. Patch sniffed the air as he smelled an unfamiliar scent and went toward it while the others went one way.[Chapter 3] \"So, what're we doing here?\" Mo asked Tip. \"Stocking up.\" Tip smiled as she took some food and drinks and put them in her backpack. \"We'll need plenty of food.\" Goku said. \"Exactly,\" Tip nodded, she then opened the bottle that she had in her hand and drank it to test how fresh it was. \"Ah...\" she then suddenly burped. \"Oh, excuse me.\" she then chuckled sheepishly to the others. Pig looked to Patch as he sniffed the other side of them. \"Do you see someone?\" he asked the puppy. \"I smell someone.\" Patch explained. \"Mind if I tag along?\" Pig asked. \"If you want.\" Patch allowed. \"Thanks.\" Pig smiled. Patch nodded to Pig and let him come along and where the two of them went on the other side to see what it was. They were both shocked to see that it was one of the aliens, but he seemed to be minding his own business. The cat and puppy then carefully and quietly followed after him. The alien picked up a Christmas Wreathe magnet and was about to lick it as Atticus and Tip came for their pets and were now suddenly face-to-face with the alien which made them all scream out in a panic and the alien seemed to turn yellow from his fear. Tip then shoved the alien in the freezer and locked him in with a broom on the door latches. \"What happened?\" Cherry asked. \"What for are you doing this?!\" the alien cried out. \"I am Boov, beloved by all humans!\" \"I know what you are.\" Tip glared to him as she packed her backpack. \"Excellent! Can I come into the out now?\" the alien then asked. \"Why should she?\" Mo asked back. \"After you aliens took her mom and all the other humans?\" \"Yeah!\" The Planeteers agreed while glaring to the alien. \"This is what you get for stealing planets and abducting people.\" Tip added in. \"You are thinking a mistake,\" the alien replied. \"Boov do not steal and abduct. No, Boov liberate and befriend.\" \"You call taking humans away from their homes liberating and befriending?\" Atticus asked. \"You're never getting out of there!\" Mo added. \"Oh, I can, one of you is just having to take away the piece of wood.\" The Boov replied with an innocent smile. Tip shook her head and walked away from the freezer. \"You will or I will shoot forth the lasers from my eyeballs!\" The alien threatened with a glare. \"You can do that?\" Tip asked. \"...Yes?\" the alien replied before turning green. Tip hid a smirk as that seemed to be the alien's way of lying before he turned back to purple. \"Well, if you shoot eye lasers, then I suppose I have no choice but to explode your head!\" \"You humans cannot to explode-\" the alien replied.' \"Can too!\" Tip smirked as she then walked with the others. \"Especially Superman and Saiya Man.\" Mo said. \"Yeah, we just do it much,\" Cherry added to humor her cousin. \"It's considered rude.\" \"Then I am granting you all a truce,\" the alien smiled then. \"None of you are to exploding heads and I will not do my devastating eye lasers.\" he then yelped out and turned orange briefly when he saw Pig was purring against the freezer door. \"Okay... Truce...\" Tip agreed as she then picked up her cat. \"So, can I come into the out now?\" the alien asked hopefully. \"Nope.\" Atticus denied. \"This is what you get for invading planets and abducting people.\" Mo scolded as Atticus walked with Patch. Tip thought about the last time she saw her mother before glaring to the alien. \"It's all your fault, you stole my mom! Smell ya later, Boov.\" \"Wait, smell me now!\" the alien pleaded. \"I can fixing your car! I seen the spiky one has broken it.\" \"I can fix it.\" Atticus said. The alien soon pouted as he was trapped in the freezer and was ignored by the humans. Atticus was about to use his magic to fix the car when he paused as he had forgotten the spell. \"Are you gonna fix the car or what?\" Cherry asked him impatiently. \"I forget which spell it was...\" Atticus said, then looked to Patch. \"Do you?\" \"Uh...\" Patch paused. Cherry face-palmed them. Tip soon groaned and came back into the gas station as the alien was in the freezer. \"Can I come into the out now?\" the alien then asked hopefully. Tip soon took down the broom from the door hatch. The alien smiled as he was then let out and he was actually starting to fix up the car, but he was giving it a few modifications such as bubbles and the slushy machines. \"I don't think that's how you fix a car...\" Pig commented as he watched with Patch. \"Uh, maybe he's making some improvements?\" Patch smiled nervously. \"Hmm...\" Pig hummed which almost sounded like his purring. Soon enough, the alien finished. \"Fa-da!\" the alien smiled to his human friends. \"Ugh, you were supposed to fix it, what is this?!\" Tip cried out. \"It looks like something only an alien could drive.\" Wheeler said. \"I calls it 'Slushious'!\" the alien smiled to them. \"Aunt Lucy is going to kill us.\" Cherry said. \"It makes excellent fuel and comes in 48 fun-to-say flavors,\" the alien continued to show them the new car before he held out his arms and expected a hug. \"Grape Escape, Tangerine Twist, Busta Lime... Now I am prepared to accept one of your traditional gestures of human gratitude.\" \"Actually, our tradition is to punch you in the nose,\" Tip threatened. \"Hold still!\" \"NO!\" the alien ducked before flashing yellow briefly. \"Your gratitude is implied.\" \"Let's get out of here now.\" Mo said. \"One of you can drives first,\" the alien said as he was about to get in the car, only for the door to be shut and locked him out. \"Then I can-\" \"You're not coming,\" Tip told him. \"We're trying to hide from the Boov, we're not bringing one with us; you'll just turn us in.\" \"That's right.\" Goku said. \"No! I just needs a ride! I haves official Boov business out of in town.\" the alien urged them to let him join. \"Me too.\" Tip said before rolling up the window to shut him out. \"But I fixes your car!\" the alien reminded. \"Yeah, so? We let you out of the freezer.\" Cherry said. \"That means we're even.\" Gi added. \"That's right, okay, Goku, hit it.\" Tip said. Goku then turned the key in the ignition and started the car only to make it hover with the bubbles. \"What the heck?! It's like he changed this into a hover car.\" he then said. Cherry groaned and then gulped as this reminded her of when she traveled into the year 2015 with her Uncle Emmett. \"What did you do to my car?!\" Tip gaped at the alien. \"What does you mean?\" the alien replied. \"It should to hover much better now.\" \"It never hovered before!\" Mo glared. \"How do you stop this thing?!\" Goku struggled as he pushed all of the buttons to make the car go back on the ground. They then hovered in the air and crashed against the gas station windows and went all around and crashed against one building window which sent the Boov flying against it. \"Oops,\" the alien walked over. \"I have apparently proceeded the reversing the anti-freezing controls!\" \"Yeah, we noticed.\" Cherry deadpanned. \"How could any of us not notice?\" Wheeler asked. \"Why you all do this?\" the alien latched onto the hood of the car. \"Boov and humans are friends!\" \"We're not friends, you kidnapped my mom!\" Tip glared before Goku shook the alien off the car and went to drive away with the bubbles. The alien gasped and then rushed to catch up with them. \"Who is 'Mymom'?\" \"No, MY mom.\" Tip corrected with a glare. \"What did I say?\" the alien replied in confusion. \"You don't understand common English, do you?\" Kwame asked. \"He is from another planet...\" Patch muttered. \"This must've been what it was like when Starfire first came to Earth.\" \"I can believe that.\" Atticus agreed with his puppy. \"I know how to find her!\" the alien urged for them to listen to him. \"How?\" Gi asked. \"That information is at Boov Central Command,\" the alien told them. \"At the Great Antenna!\" \"You mean Paris?\" Mo asked. \" YES! NOW LET ME TO THE INSIDE! \" the alien begged. \"Hmm...\" Tip hummed about that as they looked to the other crafts before looking back to the alien. \"But promise!\" \"Promise what?\" the alien asked. \"Promise me when we find her, we're leaving your Boov butt!\" Tip replied. The alien looked to his fellow species before looking back to the others. \"I promise, but if you wish to not be capturing, helping me now!\" \"Alright, alright.\" Goku said before he unlocked the door. The alien then zipped in and Patch pushed the gas pedal to make them go. The alien then pushed a button to make them go very fast to avoid the spaceships. \"Wahoo!\" Wheeler cheered. They then rode down the street and lost the other alien spacecrafts luckily enough. \"All right, Tip, we're going to Paris to find Aunt Lucy!\" Cherry beamed to her cousin. The alien soon groaned out defeat.[Chapter 4] \"Okay... I shall set the GPS to take us straight to the Paris.\" The alien then said before he clicked a keypad and turned green. 'Destination entered: Antarctica.' the machine told him which made him gasp and turn yellow. \"Hey, what're you doing?!\" Kwame glared. \"Oh, how did that happen?\" the alien smiled nervously. \"Keep your Boov paws off my car!\" Tip scolded which made a tray of rotisserie hot dog weenies come out. \"Mm.\" Patch smiled. \"Mine!\" Pig zoomed over and decided to eat some of the hot dogs. \"Your vehicle is infested!\" the alien seemed nervous of the cat and dog. \"It's not infested, they're our pets,\" Tip told him. \"The cat is mine and his name is Pig.\" \"And that's my dog, Patch.\" Atticus added in. \"Hi.\" Patch greeted. \"They seem to like you.\" Linka said to the alien. Pig smiled as he went on the alien's head and purred, nuzzling all around. \"Now he's vibrating,\" the alien said before gasping in a panic. \" IS HE GOING TO EXPLODE?! \" \"No, he's just purring.\" Tip giggled. \"Why do you has these things?\" the alien asked. \"To keep us company.\" Atticus said. \"Are they useful?\" the alien asked. \"Does they give me warm milk?\" \"What?! No, ew, you just have pets for fun!\" Tip winced in disgust. \"You all has me for companion on the ship!\" the alien then smiled to them. \"Yeah, but Pig and Patch are cooler.\" Mo said. \"Hmm... If cat is 'Pig' and dog is 'Patch', then what are your names?\" the alien then asked. Tip soon covered her face with her hood so she wouldn't see the alien. The alien then scooted closer with a smile to her. Tip sighed and rolled her olive green eyes. \"Gratuity Tucci, but my friends call me 'Tip'.\" \"Tip!\" the alien smiled. \"I said my friends!\" Tip glared as she took her sunglasses away from him. \"Oh, but we are friends and the rest of your names?\" The alien asked. The others then gave their names, it was a rather long introduction since there were so many of them. \"All humans and Boov are friends,\" the alien smiled. \"Captain Smek has decided.\" \"Captain Smek is an idiot.\" Tip scoffed. \"Yeah.\" Wheeler nodded in agreement. \"Untrue!\" the alien gasped. \"Captain Smek is genius and best at running away! Have you not heard the legend of the Shusher?\" \"Do we have a choice?\" Cherry groaned. \"Long ago, our enemy, The Gorg, invited the Boov to a peace meeting,\" the alien explained anyway. \"But Smek, wisely fled in terror and he took a great trophy: The Shusher.\" \"Wait, you mean he stole something from the Gorg?\" Clark Kent asked. \"He was awarded it.\" the alien corrected. \"Is it called the Shusher because he hits people with it?\" Cherry deadpanned. \"It is like you were there!\" the alien gasped with a smile to her. \"Sounds like Captain Smek is a bully.\" Atticus said. \"Kinda like Drell?\" Cherry smirked. Suddenly, the car fell from the sky which made them all panic slightly. Superman, Captain Planet, and Atticus jumped out of the car and then made it float in the air while Atticus then went to fix the car to make it hover again as that seemed a lot more fun than driving on the road. \"Drell, not funny!\" Cherry glared up to the sky. \" I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING! \" Drell's voice replied. Atticus stuck his tongue out as he took out the tools and then made the car hover again and went back in the car with Clark Kent and 'Uncle Planet'. Later on as they were passing through New York City, the alien tried to amuse himself by playing with the lottery tickets, but kept losing which disappointed him. \"Please stop doing that.\" Mo begged. \"I am sorry.\" the alien pouted. \"What do they call you anyway?\" Ma-Ti asked the alien. \"Oh.\" the alien gave out his name. \"Oh?\" Kwame asked out of confusion. \"That is what they call me.\" Oh replied with a nod. \"Ugh, you even ruined the Statue of Liberty?!\" Tip complained as she looked out the window. \"That is low.\" Wheeler glared. \"That is the Statue of Smek!\" Oh told them before gasping to see his fellow aliens. \"That is Boov Command! They are looking for you!\" \"We have to hide behind the statue.\" Patch said. The car then appeared to latch onto a side behind the statue as the aliens looked for the fugitive humans. The Boov Command soon passed by them. Once the coast was clear, they then were back on their trail. Oh was bored, so he played with Pig's tail as the cat sat on his head, he turned yellow as he panicked to see bubbles with his face on them which worried him instantly. \"What's that?\" Atticus wondered until Oh then tried everyone with a mirror reflecting against the sun to keep the others distracted from the bubbles. \"Hey, quit it!\" Clark Kent glared at Oh. Oh then looked away innocently as they flew through the sky. Luckily for him, that diverted away the bubble trackers. They hid under a gas station stop and tried to stay quiet as the Boov Command floated away in the sky even though Oh fell at the top of the car. Once they were gone, they then turned the other side. \"Okay, pee break.\" Tip said as she left the car. \"Ooh, I too has to break pee.\" Oh agreed. \"Anyone else?\" Mo asked. \"I better go just to make sure.\" Cherry said as was her usual thing to do whenever to an upcoming rest stop. Patch came out and went to go behind a tree. \"Or as you calls it, the number one,\" Oh rambled as he walked with the others to use the bathroom. \"We have the number one, we also have the number two, and the number three! It is a good thing I don't have to go the number three, that would not be safe for any of you!\" \"Please stop talking about your personal business.\" Atticus begged. \"We only use it once a year, I would not call it a holiday, but you can't take the day off.\" Oh shuddered. \"That's enough!\" Gi glared at the alien. The girls then came into the bathroom for the ladies, but then screamed since Oh came in with them. \"You can't come in here, this is the girl's room!\" Tip shoved him out and shut the door. \"That's right, you can come with us into the men's restroom.\" Atticus said. Oh then followed them and came in front of a urinal which intrigued him. \"Oh, don't eat that!\" Wheeler cried to stop the alien, but it was too late. \" DO NOT EAT THE BLUE MINTS! \" Oh cried out. \" THANKFULLY, THERE IS A LARGE BOWL OF LEMONADE! \" \"That's not lemonade.\" Atticus said. \" DO NOT DRINK THE LEMONADE! \" Oh cried out after he tried the 'lemonade'. \"And they say dogs can be disgusting.\" Patch scoffed after he came from behind the tree. Oh soon ran out of the men's restroom. Tip was both disgusted and amused with Oh's antics. \"We'll be out in a minute!\" Mo called out. \"Almost done!\" Linka added as she was applying her make-up. \"We're going to Paris!\" Tip cheered. \"Oh, it's lovely zhis time of year.\" Linka smiled. \"Are you from there?\" Tip asked curiously. \"Zhe Soviet Union, but I am very close to Paris, yes.\" Linka nodded. \"Takes your time!\" Oh told them before going to the car without them knowing. \"He's strange, but kind of a cute little alien.\" Gi smiled. \"Yeah, sort of.\" Mo had to agree. Oh came into the car and set the coordinates to Antarctica and where he was almost about to drive off. Pig woke up briefly, but soon fell right back asleep due to being a cat. \"Here I come!\" Oh smirked as he was then ready to drive, but was stopped by a fellow Boov who was a cop and had called him a fugitive. \"Best friend Kyle.\" Patch soon came back, but then stopped in his tracks once he saw the Boov cop who was holding a gun against Oh. \"I am not your friend! But I will be a Hero Boov once I get your pass-\" Kyle said until he was attacked with a pile of oil cans. Tip had thrown them down and glared at Kyle as he was now squashed by the cans. \"Yes, you have done the fix and saved us!\" Oh cheered. Tip glared firmly at him in response. \"What is the purpose of your face?\" Oh asked before getting hit at by one of the cans. \"You were gonna leave us?!\" Tip glared. \"Nooo!\" Oh replied before turning green. \"LIAR!\" Tip snapped at him. \"I never lie.\" Oh said. \"Yes, you do.\" Wheeler said as he and the others came to Tip's side. \"You turn green whenever you lie.\" Cherry said. \"Yeah.\" Atticus added. \"I does not, I-\" Oh retorted until Atticus grabbed his hand to show the alien that he was now green and no longer purple. The two glanced at each other until Oh ran into the car to escape from them. \"Get him!\" Wheeler called out. THe others chased after the alien. Patch seemed to be the most mad as he was sure he could've trusted Oh. While they all chased Oh in the car, Kyle tried to speak to them. \"Get over here, you overgrown jellyfish!\" Cherry snapped. During their chases, they had activated a few things in the car. Oh kept trying to avoid them, but wasn't so lucky in some cases and a few of the things in the car that activated were abusing Kyle. Soon enough, Oh was caught and taped down to one of the seats. \"I thought you were good, but you were just a liar.\" Patch firmly pouted to Oh, very disappointed in him. \"I am sorries, but I am in big trouble with all rest of Boovs.\" Oh said. \"And you're in worse trouble with me!\" Cherry sounded outraged. \"I have sent directions of where all Boovs are to the Gorg by accident!\" Oh told them. \"Gorg? Wait! That's your enemy.\" Patch said as he remembered what Drell taught him and the others. \"That is right.\" Oh nodded to that. \"Is that bad?\" Wheeler asked. \"Most indeed...\" Oh nodded. \"I am sorrys, but I unpromise to take you all to Paris to find Mymom.\" \"Sorry, but you can't do that.\" Mo said. \"I will not!\" Oh replied. \"Yes, you will!\" Gi glared. \"I must hide!\" Oh explained. \"I am speaking the English at you. Why for do you not understands me?\" \"Oh, we understand.\" Mo smirked. \"You does?\" Oh asked. \"We just don't care!\" Mo then snapped. Goku soon started to drive forward. Oh frowned as he was tied up and Pig sat on his head again, but at least they escaped from Kyle who had thought he had erased Oh. Patch shuddered and then scratched behind his ear with his back hind leg. \"Fleas?\" Atticus asked. \"No.\" Patch said. \"Maybe you need a bath when we get home.\" Atticus then suggested which made Patch suddenly stop scratching. \"No, no, I don't.\" Patch said. Atticus looked suspiciously to his puppy.[Chapter 5] Tip soon took off a piece of tape from Oh's mouth which made him shrek out of pain. \"Sorry!\" She said with a small smile. \"Look, Paris is dangerous for all of us!\" Oh told her. \"It crawls with Boov! Does one of you have a plan when we get there, hmm?\" \"No.\" Everyone else said. \"Great...\" Cherry groaned to the others, especially to Atticus who almost always had a plan for any situation they might had been in. \"But we do have hope.\" Tip reminded the others. \"Oh, you are bad at math.\" Oh told them. \"No, we're not.\" Wheeler said. \"You, maybe.\" Mo teased. Wheeler glared while the other Planeteers laughed. \"Besides, I got an A in Geometry!\" Tip added in. \"I am only saying Boov are superior in this way,\" Oh said as he tried to take the tape off his head. \"In probability for success falls below 50%, Boov give up, you do not.\" \"Exactly.\" Gi nodded. Pig was then removed from Oh's head briefly. Cherry then ripped off the tape. \" ENOUGH WITH THE RIPPING! \" Oh cried out from pain. \"Sorry.\" Cherry laughed a bit. \"Okay, okay, tell ya what, let's have some tuneage.\" Tip said as she then turned on the radio. A song that Tip liked then came on and she bobbed her head to the beat. Oh, on the other hand, didn't seem to like it as he changed the tune. Pig screeched as he did not like that one bit. \"What is that?!\" Patch groaned from the unpleasant sounds. \"Boov song!\" Oh announced with glee. \"It is called 'Motionless and Obedient'. Very catchy.\" \"Change the station, change the station!\" Wheeler called out while he covered his ears. \"I feel like my ears are gonna turn inside out.\" Cherry moaned. \"Not in my car!\" Tip changed the station back to one she liked. \"My car, my radio.\" \"This is not music, this is just noise.\" Oh folded his arms with a pout as he sunk back in his seat until one of his pods began to tap to the beat. \"Looks like your body is beginning to like it.\" Atticus smirked. \"How long before this kills me?!\" Oh panicked as he turned yellow while dancing along to the beat. \"What are you talking about?\" Mo asked. \"Boov do not dancing!\" Oh replied. \"I am out of control!\" \"You're doing pretty good.\" Kwame smiled. \"You're working it!\" Tip laughed. \"I do not want it to work!\" Oh complained. \"Why?\" Gi asked. \"Oh, no!\" Oh continued to panic. \"My hands are in the air like I just do not care!\" \"That's good.\" Wheeler said. \"This is not how a Boov behaves!\" Oh ranted. \"I am overheated with shame!\" he then spun around and turned pure red. \"Wait, what're you doing?\" Mo asked. \"He's trying to get out!\" Cherry said as the door was opening and Oh was about to jump out of it. \"Oh, don't you dare!\" Captain Planet told him. \"We were having fun!\" Tip frowned to the alien as he abandoned them. \"I don't think he thought it was fun.\" Clark Kent said. Atticus, Cherry, Mo, and Patch came together and they dove into the water and became their merpeople forms so they could track down Oh and where it seemed like he was still dancing underwater. \"Guys, I found him!\" Patch told the others. \"He's still dancing.\" Mo said. \"Come on, Oh, you shouldn't leave Tip alone like this.\" Atticus said as he swam up beside Mo. \"My body hasn't cooled down yet.\" Oh said. \"Cooled down?\" Mo asked. \"Once my temperature is back to happiness, I will return to Tip and others.\" Oh nodded. \"Oh, great.\" Patch groaned. \"This could take a while...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"What do we do until then?\" \"I wanna explore this ocean.\" Mo said as she loved being a mermaid. \"Sure.\" Atticus said. \"Yes!\" Mo cheered in response. \"Okay, and that way we can keep an eye on Oh too.\" Patch agreed. They all then went to explore the ocean together. Mo untied her bandanna and let her light brunette hair fly in the ocean currents and where everything in the ocean seemed to be beautiful. Patch smiled as he loved to experience this too. Atticus soon spotted underwater flowers and decided to pick them for Mo. \"For you.\" He said to Mo. \"Oh, Atticus, you truly have a heart as big as your muscles~\" Mo blushed as she accepted the flowers. \"He sure does.\" Patch said. Mo then kissed Atticus which made him smile. \"Now, tell me, what are your mermaid cousins like?\" she then asked curiously. \"Oh, my mermaid cousins are glamorous...\" Atticus smiled back. \"And adventurous... And pretty...\" \"Cool.\" Mo smiled. \"I just love them all, but especially Ariel, she's my favorite.\" Atticus smiled back. \"I can tell.\" Mo smiled. Patch came to check on Oh. \"Not yet.\" Oh told him. Patch sighed as he rolled his eyes and went to explore the deep blue sea. After exploring a while as it got dark, Patch checked on Oh again. Oh was soon enough ready. \"Now?\" Patch asked. \"Yes, the now.\" Oh nodded. \"Finally.\" Patch said. Tip sighed as she sat by her laptop and watched the video of her and her mother in the snow. \"So, uh, Tip, you got a boyfriend?\" Wheeler asked as he was getting close with Linka. \"Nope.\" Tip shook her head as she put her hood up. Atticus and the others soon came back up from the ocean. \"My temperature is back to happiness!\" Oh smiled to Tip. \"And to show you I do not hold any grudgement, I have brought you delicious snacking!\" he then took out pop can holders. \"Fa-da! Chewy plastic rings!\" Tip then kicked Oh right in the face. \"I really do not enjoy your human gratitude customs!\" Oh rubbed his head out of pain. \"I doubt that was gratitude.\" Mo said. \"Where have you been?!\" Tip yelled at Oh. \"You were gone forever!\" \"That is not accurate,\" Oh replied. \"Forever is-\" \"I thought you guys were hurt, or dead, o-or, I don't know, but you cannot just leave someone alone like that!\" Tip scolded. \"Put yourself in my shoes!\" \"How could I wears your shoes?\" Oh asked. \"My pods are too small!\" \"She means try to understand how she feels.\" Linka said. \"Yeah, I'm just a kid,\" Tip sighed. \"I'm not supposed to be by myself all the time! Th-This is child endangerment, which is a crime by the way!\" \"But when I founded you, you were already alone, so I thinks it is normal for you,\" Oh replied as he climbed back up to the car. \"When Boov are young, we are kept in the warming of it. Is this normal for human persons?\" \"Well, we aren't allowed to drive until we're sixteen.\" Mo said. \"Usually we move out at eighteen and start our own lives.\" Atticus added. \"None of this is normal!\" Tip added firmly to Oh. \"Don't you get it? You ruined everything! I was finally happy here! There, where I lived... With my mom... Do you know how hard it was for me to fit in? How long that took? Seventh grade girls are mean!\" she then added firmly while shoving the alien. \"Yes, yes, I am beginning to understand that we will continuing the search for the Mymom.\" Oh said. \"Ugh, stop saying that!\" Tip groaned. \"She's just my mom and Cherry's aunt, not yours, mine! You do not understand this... How would you feel if some horrible beast took your mother from you?\" \"That could not happen,\" Oh replied. \"Boov are not having my moms.\" \"What?\" Atticus asked. \"Boov don't have families,\" Tip noticed with a small sigh. \"No wonder they don't care about taking from everybody else.\" They all soon went back in the car. \"Seeing as this Mymom is a very important human person to Tip, more important than others, to not belong with her, causes her being sad, but recent moments ago, she is kicking on me and yelling,\" Oh said to the others. \"Which is seeming to be more mad than sad.\" \"Yeah, sometimes it's both.\" Tip sighed as she hugged her knees. \"Yeah.\" Cherry also nodded in agreement. \"So... You are sad mad...\" Oh then said to Tip. Tip looked to him, then shook her head as she came back into the car. Pig nuzzled up against Tip to help cheer her up. Tip soon started to pet Pig out of comfort. \"Hmm... Humans are more complicated than it said in the pamphlet.\" Oh pouted. \"What pamphlet?\" Patch asked once he heard that. \"Captain Smek has given us Boov pamphlet about humans to understands them better.\" Oh said to the puppy. \"How big is this pamphlet?\" Patch asked. \"I will shows you in the car.\" Oh smiled. \"Okay.\" Patch said. They soon went into the car. Tip felt pretty miserable as she stared out the window and the car started up again. \"Time to continue.\" Goku said. The car then proceeded to drive through the air. \"I know how you feel about missing someone,\" Gi said to Tip. \"I miss Kisa a lot of the times.\" \"Who's Kisa?\" Tip asked. \"My dolphin friend,\" Gi explained. \"I've known her since I was a little girl.\" \"Where is she now?\" Tip asked. Gi soon pointed up with a frown which only meant one thing. \"Oh... I'm sorry...\" Tip frowned as she realized what that meant while Oh looked confused by the gesture. \"What happened?\" \"I think they might have gotten only little information about humans.\" Patch said. \"Pollution happened...\" Gi sighed sadly. \"Oh, my...\" Tip frowned. \"Pollution?\" Oh asked. \"What is the pollution?\" Cherry shook a chill down her spine as pollution almost always reminded her of Hexxus from her time in FernGully. \"Pollution is a terrible thing.\" Patch said. \"It's basically when you hurt the Earth.\" Mo said as best as she could since she was Captain Planet's niece and all. \"Would this be an example?\" Oh asked as he showed the pop can holder he had. \"Well, yes, because someone in the water could get stuck in it and they could choke.\" Mo nodded. \"Yeah, something like a fish or a sea gull could get caught in it.\" Atticus said. \"That is sounding like Gorg.\" Oh replied. \"Could you tell us more about the Gorg?\" Mo asked. \"I can do that, they are greatest enemy of Boov, they can destroy wherever we go, and that is why we run.\" Oh began. \"Whoa.\" Mo gulped. \"Why do these Gorg guys hate you guys so much anyway?\" Cherry asked. \"Because they are Gorg,\" Oh explained. \"He calls Gorg 'The Takers', because, if you has something, then they takes it! Like, if you has sandwich, or a planet-\" \"Yeah, yeah, we get it.\" Wheeler said. \"But... They're not coming to this planet, are they?\" Tip asked nervously. \"Oh, no, no, no!\" Oh chuckled. \"Not to worry, The Big Brain Boov will disfix my mistake, but I will still be very punished... Because, he has a rule: Nine mistakes makes you a rat.\" \"And how many mistakes have you made?\" Ma-Ti asked. \"62...\" Oh bit his lip before turning a deep blue color. \"Wow, that's bad.\" Cherry said. \"Hmm... Why don't we tell you a joke to cheer you up?\" Mo suggested. \"Boov do not tell jokes.\" Oh replied. \"It's easy.\" Kwame said. \"I'll teach you,\" Tip said. \"Knock-Knock.\" Oh stared at her, not responding obviously enough. \"You're supposed to ask 'who's there?'.\" Atticus told him. \"But I know who is theres.\" Oh replied. \"Just ask who's there.\" Patch said. \"Okay, who is there?\" Oh then asked. \"The interrupting cow,\" Tip answered. \"Now you ask 'the interrupting cow who?'.\" Oh nodded as he took that in. \"Let's just do it,\" Tip then said. \"Knock-Knock.\" \"Oh, uh, who is there?\" Oh asked. \"The interrupting cow.\" Tip smirked. \"The interrupting cow-\" Oh was about to ask. \"MOO!\" Tip then mooed in his face and laughed. Everyone else, but Oh soon laughed as well. Oh then mooed with them once he got the joke. \"Okay, that's enough.\" Captain Planet said. Oh then settled down as he enjoyed jokes very much. \"Finally.\" Patch said.[Chapter 6] \"I'm hungry...\" Cherry moaned. \"Hot dog?\" Atticus offered. \"Sure, as long as it has ketchup.\" Cherry gave a small smile. Atticus soon showed her a hot dog with ketchup on it. Cherry then took it and ate it right away. Atticus then made another one just in case, then smiled to his puppy. \"You want a hot dog?\" \"Yes, please.\" Patch begged. Atticus then got a plain hot dog. \"Sit. Patch smiled and then sat like a normal dog. \"Good boy!\" Atticus smiled and rewarded his dog. Patch soon ate the hot dog. Atticus smiled and pet his dog. \"Has Atticus always been a dog person?\" Mo asked Cherry. \"For the most part, since Cinderella's dog, Bruno.\" Cherry replied. \"Aw!\" Mo smiled. Soon enough, they arrived in Paris. \"Where should we land?\" Clark asked his god nephew. \"Somewhere close to the Eiffel Tower.\" Atticus suggested. \"Why not close to that tree?\" Ma-Ti asked while pointing down to a tree. \"Close to the tree.\" Atticus then said with a small sigh. \"Say, didn't your friend Sabrina turn the tower into a human boy once?\" Clark asked. \"Yeah, that was a weird experience.\" Atticus admitted. Once they got down to the tree, they used binoculars to see how many Boov there were. \"This is a lovely sight, if you ignore those aliens...\" Linka sighed as she looked at the sights of France. \"That's a lot of Boov.\" Wheeler said. \"They even took over the tower.\" Clark added as he stood with Atticus. \"This looks bad.\" Mo said. \"So many Boovs,\" Oh sighed. \"I says this was dumbness, I says I am doomed, but does you listens? Noooo!\" \"Oh, that's enough!\" Tip scolded. \"You are all driving me to the crazy!\" Oh then said before turning red. \"It is never too late to run away; that is the Boov motto!\" \"We're not running away just when we're just this close.\" Atticus said. \"Boov rules or not.\" Patch added. \"That's right.\" Mo nodded. \"We have a plan.\" Tip added. \"Use your plan to run away!\" Oh replied as he turned red again. \"Because this idea is the stupid!\" \"No, it's not.\" Wheeler said. \"All we have to go is go into the tower, use the gray antenna and use it to find my mom and sneak out again!\" Tip explained. \"See?\" \"But it would still not work!\" Oh replied. \"Because my face is known; if I am seen by any Boov, I am 100% popular for being arrested.\" \"What if I could fix that?\" Tip smirked. \"Time for a makeover for a certain alien.\" Gi said. \"Oh, yes.\" Linka approved of this. Tip took out her bag so they could give Oh a makeover. Oh was of course a little nervous about this. \"Just stay still.\" Mo said. Tip began by powdering Oh's face, she then reached over with a pencil. \"Hold still... Just a little beauty mark!\" she then dotted Oh's face. \"Oh, let me see, let me see!\" Oh reached out for the mirror. \"Give to me!\" \"No, no, it's not done yet.\" Mo said. Oh looked at himself in the mirror anyway and was impressed that he kept turning red and purple as he thought the beauty mark was his only disguise and thought it was amazing which made the others roll their eyes slightly. \"Okay, I guess our vork is done zhen...\" Linka sighed and shook her head. \"The Boov must be not very smart.\" Gi said. They then parked Tip's car in the Eiffel Tower to carry out the rest of her plan. Oh led them to a bubble elevator and tried to keep up appearances for his fellow Boov who didn't seem to recognize him and once they left, he gestured to the others that the coast was clear for them to go into a bubble. Once all of them were in the bubble, they soon went up to the tower. They were suddenly inside where there were other Boov inside of their own bubbles. \"Whoa, this is uber freaky!\" Tip couldn't believe what she was seeing before turning to the bigger headed aliens. \"And these are the smartest Boov you have?\" \"Shh! You all must be very quiet,\" Oh warned them. \"They do not like to break their concentration-\" he then turned to see an email being sent with a countdown and it made him scream and turn yellow. \"Please tell me that countdown is for something that's almost ready to be eaten.\" Patch begged Oh once he saw the count down. \"I am afraid not, that is actually invitation I sent to the Gorg.\" Oh frowned. \"And what does that splat sign mean?\" Ma-Ti asked Oh. \"This means that the Big Brain Boovs have not yet figured out my password,\" Oh frowned before pulling on his head curls. \"How is this possible?\" \"Wait, does that mean these horrible Gorg thingies will come to Earth then?\" Cherry asked. \"To Smekland, yes!\" Oh nodded nervously. \"And what happens then?\" Cherry then panicked. \"There will be no finding of Mymom.\" Oh frowned. \"This is bad, this is very, very bad.\" Mo said. \"You've got to fix this!\" Tip gasped and pushed Oh toward the big screen. \"Yes,\" Oh agreed as he took them to a spot. \"By the way, are your skulls flexible?\" \"What?!\" the others asked. \"Never mind, it will probably be okay,\" Oh replied as they were in another bubble. \"Hold still.\" \"If you say so.\" Captain Planet said. Suddenly, tubes came in everyone's ears and it seemed to numb their minds and skulls instantly and where their minds were soon sent inside. There were bubbles all around in the background. \"Wow!\" The others felt amazed as Oh sent himself to work. \"30 seconds to doom!\" Oh gasped. \"I shall input password.\" \"And that would be?\" Goku asked. \"It is...\" Oh said before typing. \" 'My name is Oh and Captain Smek is great and anyone who does not think that is a poomp 1' .\" \"I wonder why no one guessed that.\" Cherry deadpanned. \"I do not know.\" Oh shrugged to her. There was then a squishy noise heard which meant that the password was incorrect. \"What?! Incorrect?!\" Mo panicked. \"Impossible!\" Oh gasped. \"That is password! That is-Oh, no! Caps Lock...\" he then took off the caps lock and retyped the password. There was one second remaining, but Oh managed to save everyone. \"That was close.\" Kwame sighed. \"And now the Gorg will never know...\" Patch looked relaxed now. Oh soon feel to the floor, sighing out of relief. Soon enough, the Big Brained Boovs were popped out of their bubbles and then cheered. \"Fa-da!\" Oh beamed as he turned pink. \"It has worked! It worked! Ooh...\" \"You did it, Oh!\" Tip congratulated. \"That was closeness.\" Oh smiled as he made an angel out of the fallen letters he fell into. \"Okay, come on, you still need to help us find Tip's mother.\" Gi said. \"Oh, that is simplicity,\" Oh said as he stood up and summoned more letters. \"We shall now searching on...\" \"Lucy Tucci.\" Tip and Cherry told the alien. \"'Lucy Tucci'.\" Oh nodded and then brought up the Earth's globe and they all looked to see a certain continent. \"Australia?\" Patch asked. \"Wow.\" Mo said. They were then shown a closer look to the continent. \"Observe Mymom.\" Oh said. The screen zoomed in on a man with a heart-shaped tattoo with sunglasses. \"This is not funny.\" Tip glared. \"This is not your mymom?\" Oh asked out of confusion. \"That's a man.\" Wheeler said. The man then walked off to show a different human. \"TIP!\" Cherry pointed quickly once she recognized her aunt. Tip looked over and then gasped once she saw her mother and where Lucy was seen talking to a Boov, trying to find Tip. \"Oh, Gratuity Tucci looks just like tiny Mymom.\" Oh smiled in amusement. He soon the others not there. He then unplugged the tubes and looked for the others until Tip ran up to him and hugged him thankfully for helping find her mother. Oh smiled to that and hugged back while turning bright red slightly. \"I can't believe it!\" Cherry jumped with Tip. \"Aunt Lucy is in Australia!\" \"And I has cancelled my e-vite!\" Oh added in. \"I can finally come out of the hiding!\" \"That's right!\" Patch smiled. \"Uh, guys?\" Cherry asked as she looked to see that they were suddenly surrounded by hundreds of Boov. The Boov glared at them and cocked their guns as they looked ready for war. \"Whoa!\" Captain Planet said with his hands in the air. \"Well, well, well...\" Captain Smek smirked as he appeared to have a barbecue grill on his head until it fell on his head and blinded him. \"Hello?\" he then took it off his head and gave it to another Boov. \"Hold my crown and be very careful, it's the only one.\" The Boov nodded and wheeled it away. \"This is the guy that is the leader of the Boov?\" Wheeler asked, unimpressed. \"Wow, and I thought you vere impossible.\" Linka teased. Cherry yawned as Captain Smek came toward them. \"Well, well, well,\" Captain Smek smirked and tried again. \"Did you really think you could escape?\" \"Escape? No, no, no!\" Oh smiled nervously. \"You see, I was just coming to tell you-\" \"Despite your elaborate disguise, the computer recognized you as the fugitive Boov!\" Captain Smek glared as he wiped off the beauty mark off Oh's face which made the other aliens gasp. \"Are they really surprised?\" Mo asked. \"I guess there really isn't intelligent life out there...\" Cherry deadpanned. \"You can say that again.\" Atticus added. \"Oh is a hero Boov now!\" Patch told the aliens. \"Yes, I has fixed my mistake!\" Oh added. \"Yes, but before that, you has made your mistake,\" Captain Smek scolded. \"And many mistakes before that. Many, many, many, many! Many mistakes before that! So, I still has to erase you.\" \"Over our dead bodies.\" Atticus said as he got in front of Oh along with the others beside Tip. \"Very well... Erase them all!\" Captain Smek demanded. \"Wait, what?\" Mo asked. The Boov then surrounded everyone with their weapons. Tip and Cherry were soon next to an orb device. \"Hey, cous, watch this,\" Cherry said before glaring to the aliens. \"Drop the bubble guns or we will mess with this... Gravity... Thing...\" \"She is bluffing,\" Captain Smek scoffed. \"They could not possibly reach the gravity thing.\" Cherry and Tip stood on their tiptoes which panicked the aliens instantly. \"You were saying?\" Cherry smirked. \"Curse you two and your tippy toe tallness!\" Captain Smek glared. \"But no problem... Boov technology is far too complicated for simple humansgirls to figure out.\" This made the Boov, except for Oh, laugh at Cherry and Tip. \"I recommend we all hold onto something.\" Wheeler whispered. \"Everyone hold on tight, this humansgirl got an A in geometry.\" Cherry said before smirking to her cousin. Tip nodded and then turned the device upside down. \"You were saying, Captain Smek?\" Atticus smirked. \"They figured it out!\" Captain Smek panicked. \"Run for my life!\" \"Don't you mean 'run for your lives'?\" Mo asked. \"Why do their lives matter?\" Captain Smek replied. \"Selfish much?\" Patch scoffed. The Eiffel Tower was soon leaning to turn upside down. \"And we're all now going to be going down.\" Gi said. The Boov screamed as they rolled off the surface and splashed into the water down below. \"Shouldn't we be worried that we'll be going down with them?\" Patch asked. \"I gotcha, buddy!\" Atticus reached out and held Patch in his arm. Oh's hands were slipping and he was about to fall until Tip grabbed his hand for him to hold on. \"Can you hold on to his hand for long, Tip?\" Cherry asked. \"I can at least try!\" Tip replied. \"Atticus, do something constructive!\" Cherry begged. \"And quickly!\" Tip added. \"Hmm...\" Atticus hummed as he looked all around. \"Cherry, is Tip a mermaid?\" \"No, she's not,\" Cherry said while straining. \"None of my parents are mermaids and your Uncle Triton made me an honorary one because I helped Ariel and Prince Eric!\" \"Oh, then I'll have to give her a helping hand.\" Atticus said. \"DO ANYTHING! \" Cherry cried out. \"Turn her into a mermaid if you must!\" \"Alright, alright.\" Atticus said. Tip's grip was starting to slip and Atticus came to her and kissed her forehead as they were about to land in the water. \"Uh, why did you do that?\" Tip asked. \"You'll find out.\" Cherry and Atticus said. Soon Tip yelped as she lost her grip and they all splashed into the water.[Chapter 7] Tip tried to hold her breath, but she soon saw that her legs glowed and they were replaced by a sea green tail fin. Captain Smek soon escaped by a bubble that he stole from Kyle. Kyle then landed in the street as the other Boov were scattering around like cowards. \"Am I a mermaid now?\" Tip asked in surprise. \"Join the club.\" Cherry said as she was with the others underwater now and where Wheeler and the other Planeteers were soon turned to merpeople thanks to help from Atticus and Mo. \"This'll take some getting used to...\" Tip shrugged. \"Come, I has found a bubble for us to use if you wishes.\" Oh offered. \"Yes, please.\" Tip said. \"This way.\" Oh led the way. They all swam over to the bubble and hopped into it. Tip looked down and her bottom half glowed and her legs came back. \"That's so weird.\" \"You'll get used to it.\" Mo said. \"Well, Oh, what're you waiting for?\" Patch asked. \"Drive us!\" \"I cannot touch!\" Oh put his hands away. \"It will not work if I drive it!\" There were then other Boov coming for them. \"Tip, you'll have to drive.\" Goku said. \"Okay, I'll try.\" Tip said as she took out the red sphere which was the control. It was rather hard since Tip wasn't familiar with driving this sort of thing, but she did her best. The Boov soon tried to catch them. Cherry looked like she was going to be sick from all the spinning and bumping against the Eiffel Tower. The bubble soon popped and they were all sent flying in the air. \"You are a terrible driver.\" Oh told Tip. \"This was her first time driving it!\" Patch told him. \"We're gonna fall again!\" Cherry yelped. \"I think we'll be falling on top of a roof.\" Mo said. \"Everyone join hands!\" Clark suggested. Everyone soon joined their hands. They then fell together and grabbed onto the end of the tower. Cherry was almost falling to her death, but Atticus grabbed her and pulled her closer. \"That was close.\" Atticus said. \"Why didn't you let me fall?\" Cherry droned. \"I am not letting you die.\" Atticus told her. \"Besides, you can't die, you're a vampire.\" Patch said. \"She can die by murder though.\" Atticus told his puppy. \"Oh, well, good thing no one is crazy enough to want to kill Cherry.\" Patch commented. \"That's true.\" Mo nodded. They soon crashed into a bubble filled with gargoyle statues from Notre Dame. They then crashed into a Boov with a parachute and then landed on a golden statue with a man on horseback. \"This is an interesting statue.\" Patch said. \"Uh-oh, we gotta move!\" Mo said. The Eiffel Tower was then coming behind them and they all tried to move and slide on the statue. \"Come on, you stupid horse!\" Tip grunted. Soon enough, they slid, but fell off the statue and the statue then landed on Kyle much to his bad luck. \"Keep going!\" Wheeler told them. THey then kept running as far as they could. \"Aha!\" Kyle soon appeared before them. \"This time I got you and you cannot escape!\" Oh soon touched the red part of the bubble. 'Fugitive Boov detected.' the computer alerted. \"I was wrong.\" Kyle frowned until his bubble popped and he landed in the dumpster. \"He didn't think that through.\" Kwame smirked. \"Oh, man, it's still coming!\" Wheeler yelped about the tower. \"Jump!\" Tip replied. They then jumped and kept running, but soon, they couldn't run anymore and the point was inches away from their faces. Mo began to start praying for their lives to be spared. Patch whimpered as he held onto Atticus. Atticus soothed him and gently pet him. The tower soon stopped in its tracks once it got to Tip's hair. \"Oh, thank Gabriel and Annabelle...\" Patch sighed in relief. \"Whoa...\" Tip gasped. \"Look, I has found our car!\" Oh pointed out. \"It was close by.\" Mo smiled. \"Pig!\" Tip called out to her cat. \"Oh, hey, guys,\" Pig said as he seemed to wake up from a rather long nap. \"What'd I miss?\" \"We found out where Tip's mom is and Tip saved an art piece from being eaten.\" Patch said. \"Oh, wow...\" Pig yawned and stretched. \"Sorry I missed it.\" They then all got into the car and drove over to Australia. \"Aunt Lucy, here we come!\" Cherry announced. Oh seemed to be confused about something. \"I do not know why for you brought that,\" he said about the Starry Night painting that was in the backseat. \"We already hads food in the car.\" \"It's not food, it's art.\" Cherry said. \"Oh, then it is bad,\" Oh commented. \"Stars do not look like that.\" \"It's not how they look, it's how they feel.\" Tip explained. \"They feel hot.\" Oh replied. This made the others chuckle. \"Vell, it vas an excellent choice.\" Linka said to Tip. \"Thank you, Linka, okay, Math Whiz, how soon until we get to Australia?\" Tip asked the alien. \"17.9348 hours,\" Oh reported. \"And then Gratuity Tucci will see Mymom.\" \"That's great.\" Goku smiled. \"You hear that, Pig?!\" Tip beamed as she picked up her cat and happily swayed him about. \"I can't wait to tell Mom that Cherry and I actually went to Paris, which you know she always wanted to do! Hey, maybe we could both come back here, we do have a flying car now. Linka, how do you say 'cat' in French?\" \"Chat.\" Linka told her. \"I thought so.\" Tip said as she held Pig in her arms. Oh walked into the distance and soon the tone grew tense and emotional. \"Hmm...\" Cherry came up beside the alien as he looked forlorn. \"What is the purpose of your face?\" \"I... I has confusion...\" Oh replied. \"I do not wish to be erased, but maybe Captain Smek is right. It is possible I will continue making hilarious mistakes.\" \"Well, no one is perfect.\" Wheeler said. \"You know, our parents usually tell us, mistakes are what makes us human.\" Cherry advised. \"That is not what makes you Boov.\" Oh replied. 'He's being too hard on himself.' Patch thought to himself. \"Gratuity Tucci, others,\" Oh then said to them. \"Before we came, Captain Smek telled us that the humans needed us. That the humans were just like the animals and that we could to make them better, teach them,\" he then explained. \"We were told the humans were simple and backwards. I-It is what we thought. But I am thinking now, that we were thinking wrong. And that Captain Smek is the wrongest. I am thinking the Boov should never have come to Smekland, erm, to Earthland. So I am saying the sorry to all of you, Gratuity Tucci and others.\" Goku soon gave the keys to Tip who gave them to Oh. Oh took the keys and looked curiously over. \"Call me 'Tip'.\" Tip told the alien now that they were friends. Oh smiled to that and turned bright red. \"I've been meaning to ask, what does it mean when you turn bright red while you smile?\" Mo asked Oh. \"I am feeling the, as you humans might say, bashfulness.\" Oh replied. \"Ohh.\" Mo smiled. They were then driving off to Australia as Tip shared her experience of being a new kid just out of Barbados and where Oh shared his knowledge when all the other Boov said 'Oh', it was because they were complaining. \"What about you two?\" Oh asked Cherry and Atticus. \"You two seem really close with one another.\" \"Well, I don't know why, but sometime after we were born, we were abandoned at an orphanage.\" Cherry began. They soon started to tell their entire story. \"So, why were you two abandoned at an orphanage?\" Tip asked. Cherry and Atticus shrugged. After a while, they all soon had fun making fun of Captain Smek. \"'My name is Captain Smek, shush, shush, shush'!\" Oh laughed. \"'Boov technology is simply to complicated for humansgirls to figure out'!\" Tip added before laughing with him. 'They're getting along.' Mo thought to herself with a smile. Oh and Tip laughed together as they were now becoming fast best friends. They even shared a few pictures together. Pig smiled that Tip had finally made some friends. Soon enough, everyone, but Oh and Cherry was getting tired. \"You guys better get some rest.\" Cherry suggested to the others except for Oh. Everyone, besides Oh and Cherry, soon went to sleep. \"Does you drive?\" Oh asked Cherry. \"I can...\" Cherry looked away, though she obviously didn't know how to drive. \"I just chose not to.\" \"Oh, okay.\" Oh said. Cherry bit her lip and tapped her fingers together. \"Would you like to tries now?\" Oh asked. \"You know how to drive?\" Cherry asked. \"I cans teach you if you would lets me.\" Oh offered. \"Um, sure.\" Cherry said. Oh and Cherry then traded spaces and Oh began to teach Cherry how to drive as she didn't seem to know how to. Even Patch knew how to drive and he was a dog. After a while, Cherry finally knew how to drive and where she soon noticed that Oh was bright red again as he watched Tip sleep. Oh noticed the blanket fell on Tip and he decided to put it back around her to keep her warm and he turned up the volume on the radio a bit and soon liked dancing very much and where he soon noticed the night sky. \"Oh, I love the night sky.\" Cherry smiled. \"I can sees why.\" Oh smiled. He even began to pet Pig and Patch as they slept. Pig started to purr as he liked that. Patch smiled peacefully as he ran slightly in his sleep, but soon settled down. Oh smiled down to the cat and dog as Cherry continued to drive for a little bit. Soon enough, it was Oh's turn to sleep, but Cherry seemed more awake at night, but soon got sleepy as the sun was coming up. \"It's almost morning.\" Cherry yawned. Oh fell asleep with his mouth wide open. Cherry yawned and accidentally drove them closer to other Boov as her eyes felt heavy. \"Maybe I should rest my eyes for a minute...\" And where she soon fell asleep just as the sun rose. ","Summary":" Cherry was on the phone with one of her cousins until she had to go to a 'secret meeting' which wou"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Like Father, Like Son","Author":"SparkleEyes18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12114689","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Quest for Camelot. It is not part of my intellectual property. Note: dearest apologies for the Modern-day AUs. They're just easier to write, pour moi. Sorry. AYDEN So the summer of 1996. My master, Garrett is finally back in Camelot, where he truly belongs. It's taken me years to get his stubborn self back in Camelot, oh boy. And he finally had to give in to my requests. Yes, it was a girl that truly got him to return to Camelot, but better late than never. Oh, and Kayley and Garrett became knights. So now I can say that (after years of talking about how he'll never be a knight...or anything for that matter), he's finally doing something with his life. Sure he's like 22-years-old, but it's better than never. I wanted to congratulate them on their achievement. I knew they could do it! Of course, I HAD to swoop in right while they were kissing! (Awkward). But not nearly as awkward as what I did see! Garrett's eyes were green! GREEN! I flew back in shock because I know now, not only is he officially safe in civilization, but he has no need for me. I flew away. A simple \" so long, pal\" in the flap of my wing. I found my previous master, Merlin the Wizard. I landed on his finger. He petted me and I chirped in happiness. I did do a great job! In fact, I deserved a vacation! Yes, the last six years of my life somehow paid off. Let me tell you, it was not easy! So I prepared for my vacation. Where shall I go? Cuba? Mexico? Florida? California? Nashville? Dublin? I hear that Canada is really nice this time of year. But where in Canada? Closest to the coast I can imagine. Maybe Prince Edward Island? It looked pretty nice in the picture. Alright! I found the place where I can go, now I need to get ready for my vacation. It would be a bumpy flight, I assume. Luckily, I travel light. (It's one of the benefits to being a bird). On the next flight to Charlottetown I was (I must save my energy for the vacation). Everything was ready and I was excited. I arranged to stay with my friend, who lives in a tree looking over the beach. It would be the perfect place to spend a summer vacation. They're flexible and friendly and love living like tourists! My friends, Peter and Aria, picked me up from the airport and we flew to their house. They told me that I can stay for as long as I'd like, they even fixed up the guest nest for me. I couldn't wait to begin my vacation, but it was a long plane ride and I just need a rest. I've waited my entire life to have this type of vacation. It all seemed a little surreal to me.[Chapter 2] 'Ayden,' chirped Peter. 'Any plans for today?' I looked over at him. Today was the first offical of my vacation. Well, I've been on vacation for almost a whole month now, but I was mostly just relaxing and taking it slowly, because it's not everyday where I do not have to be alert all the time. I was really gonna just want to rest up a bit more and maybe go for a swim. I might tell Peter and Aria all about my adventures and what it was like to save Camelot, later. They've been dying to know, I've been telling them stories every single day. Last night I told them about how funny it was watching Kayley try fighting a flower. 'Not much.' I chipped back. 'Maybe go for a swim later.' 'Okay, sounds like the perfect plan.' Peter replied. ... Later that day, I went down to the beach. I dove into the water. I envisioned myself as the Griffin swooping into the forest hoping to retrieve Excalibur. But I wasn't looking for a magically sword or anything. (Been there, done that). I dove, I continued to dive deeper and deeper and deeper until…[Chapter 3] I awoke in water, really, really warm water. I have no idea where I am. Or what I was doing. Or what just happened. All I knew was that I was really, really small. And I could not see a thing. I tried to move around, but I felt stuck in one place. All I could think to myself is… What just happened?[Chapter 4] Many weeks later I CAN SEE! Finally, it took long enough just waiting for eyesight. Everything around me looks red, kind of pinkish. Still no idea where I am. Many more weeks later. I CAN HEAR! So now I can figure out where I am. I heard voices. The voices sounded familiar. It was Kayley and Garrett's voices. Oh! What a relief to hear them out of all people! They were singing the song that they sang together after realizing that they really loved each other. I began to look around to see if I can find them. But I couldn't. I tried pushing against the redness, but I was unlucky. I felt a sense of pressure push back on me. Can someone tell me where I am? \"He likes the song.\" What?[Chapter 5] No idea anymore Okay so I just got pulled by some crazy person. I do not know exactly why I was screaming very loudly, mayhap it had to do with the fact that I was just settling into the warmth of wherever I was, and then I was brought into freezing coldness. Or maybe I was stuck in a place that I did not know for a very long time. I kept screaming. Then I was finally handed over to Garrett. Oh, man! Am I ever glad to see you! I had no idea what just happened. I was swimming in Canada and then I ended up in this warm, reddish place that I did not know. Now I'm here. Can you just tell me what is going on? He says nothing, but \"Rajah Ayden\"…and that he is my father! Now it is all clear. Wait! What? I was…I mean…Kayley was…I mean…Kayley and Garrett…then…I was…swimming…I was swimming and ended up in Kayley's…and now I'm…and Kayley and Garrett are…EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! I watched them fall in love. I watched them sing about falling in love. I even saw them kissing! And now they are my… EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! This is all too much. If you need me, you can find me under the name: Rajah Ayden. Well, at least it has Ayden in it…and it's more fitting than \"Silver Wings\" (actually ever since I heard the Griffin called me that, I am petrified of it…still not as bad as this). Either way. I don't even know where to start. Like I mean where did they get \"Rajah\" from? And what kind of parents would name their kid \"Rajah\"? I am too exhausted to continue. I'm signing out. So long, everybody. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Quest for Camelot. It is not part of my intellectual property. Note: deares"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"CARRIE:Atonement","Author":"scottsman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12666958","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 The Agency Atwater, Florida a small town a few miles south of Orlando, and Headquarters of Phoenix Investigations. That evening about 10 p.m. in the spacious office of the head investigator/ owner and founder of the Agency and young man in his late teens walked wearily through the door. He walked over, dropped his black denim jacket on the desk, and sank down into the chair. He breathed a weary sigh and switched on the computer in front of him. he put his headset on and began dictating as the computer program typed out what he said. \" File 173: the Anderson Case. As previously mentioned in this file one Cliff Anderson hired me to locate his late Client Astor Fulbright's missing will. He suspected that one of Fulbright's three would-be heirs had taken it with the express purpose of changing it in order to claim the lion share of the estate. The Estate itself is worth somewhere in the neighborhood of a hundred million dollars. Current Status of the Case: The will was located hidden in a false bottom in a suitcase belonging to one Helen Barker the great niece of Astor Fulbright. She however was not the guilty party. Though they, Miss Barker had her two cousins Henry and James Fulbright, have all been pitching a fit about having to share the estate equally, it turns out that Henry was the one who did the actual stealing. He knew that there was the a clause in the will that state what anyone caught meddling with the will in any way shape or form would be immediately cut. Hence the reason he tried to frame his darling cousin. Fortunately he never stopped to consider that he was leaving fingerprints on the will with when he planted it in her secret compartment. The case was concluded on this date by yours truly resulting in Henry being cut out of the will and a nice generous fee for me. Personally I think that instead of willing them equal shares in the estate he should have willed those three brats each a good spanking. Yours Truly, Jace Pierson.\" Jace had just saved the file and taken the headset off when the door opened and his father Dr. Elias Pierson walked in. \"Hi Dad,\" said Jason yawning slightly and stretching. \"Case finished, Son,\" asked his dad. Elias Pierson was physician/ scientist of some renown, however he had never pressured Jace to follow in his footsteps he said, \"Son, I don't care if you want to be a doctor or house painter just so long as you do your best at it.\" As his dad sat down in the Chair opposite him Jace replied, \"Yeah it's a closed case all right I just finished my report.\" Jace yawned and stretched again. \"Son,\" said his Dad, \"I'm very proud of you and the good reputation this agency of yours has, but let me give you some advice. It's time that you hired a partner. You're rapidly getting to the point where you've got more cases than you can handle.\" \"Dad I've tried to find a partner before, twice! One was a lazy good-for-nothing who ran up my pay per view bill and nearly ate me out of business, and the other one was a walking accident that nearly cost me my liability insurance when he blew a hole in the roof, of my apartment, with a shotgun, ruining my satellite dish as well as my new carpet with the rain started pouring in.\" \"Okay, Okay,\" Said his Dad, \"So the first two were wash outs!\" \"Please, don't say wash out!\" Said Jace cringing as he remembered the wet carpet. \"Sorry, Bad choice of words,\" replied his father, \"As I was saying don't let two Darwin award rejects stop you from looking!\" \"I'll keep trying, Dad,\" Jace Replied, \"But in the morning, I'm tired and I think I'll turn in for the night.\" \"Good idea,\" said his dad getting up to leave, \"I'll see you in the morning.\" After seeing his dad out with instructions to 'kiss mom for me' he turned, grabbed his jacket and walked into the elevator and punched the button for the top floor. That was one floor above his office and was where his penthouse was located. A surprise inheritance, from a Great Uncle that had passed two years earlier, left Jace the owner of this building and a plenty of money to live on. Jace stifled a yawn as he stepped off the elevator into the spacious penthouse. Stripping off his clothes and throwing them in the hamper he headed for the shower. He stood in the shower letting the warm water cascade over him. Just as he was feeling good and relaxed, it happened again. He flashed to a vision. He was seeing through someone else's eyes! He looked down and saw that whoever this vision was about was obviously a girl she was wearing some sort of gown but the strange thing was it appeared to be covered in blood! A split second later there was scream that he was sure would deafen his eardrums and everyone he could see was thrown backwards. There was another flash of white light and he was back in his shower again. Jace when on with his shower after coming to his senses, but his mind was racing, he had no Idea who the girl in the bloody dress, and who's eyes he saw through was, but he recognized what he had seen happen. This girl had unleashed a telekinetic shockwave! \"Why am I seeing this?\" he wondered. He was brought out of his musings when he realized that he didn't have any shampoo. The bottle he had just picked up was empty. There was another bottle in the bathroom cabinet. He visualized it and the cabinet door swung open and the bottle of shampoo floated out of the cabinet up over the shower door and into Jace's hand. Jace finished his shower and grabbing a towel began to dry off. All the time he was debating whether or not to tell his dad about the visions. \"After all,\" he mused to himself, \"This is the second time in two days I've had that vision.\" He pictured the vision in his mind's eye again, seeing the bloody dress and shockwave again. He shook his head and spoke in a soft voice to girl in his vision. \"Who are you, you poor soul?!\"[Chapter 2] CARRIE: Atonement 2 Chapter 2 A Lone figure in a grey hoodie walked down a side road toward a busy truck stop on the outskirts of Atwater. Her thoughts were in turmoil, as were the few strands of blonde hair that stuck out from under the hood and whipped about in the breeze. On the one hand Carrie was thankful to be free after being at the Glendale psychiatric ward for a year, on the other hand the eighteen year old wasn't sure that she should be. She was head toward Atwater because for last two nights she had been aware that someone in this area had been somehow reliving her memories with her in her dreams she had felt him there watching. She didn't feel that he was a threat oddly enough more like a friend calling out to her. At present her thoughts were the day that the kindly Dr. Cathy Weller, a tall dark haired lady, with soft grey eyes had come into her room and told her that the President of the united states himself had gotten wind of her story and after thoroughly researching everything about what had happened and why it happened had issued a full pardon for her on the condition that she completed her treatment at Glendale. Carrie had not been sure what to think of Dr. Weller at first. Especially the first time she was brought in for a session by the orderly. Dr. Weller had been reading the bible on her desk when Carrie was shoved roughly through the door by the orderly. Dr. Weller jumped up and got in the orderly's face and told them that if she ever saw that again she would have him fired. The she ordered him out of the room with a look that dared him to argue with her. After he was gone she sat down in front of Carrie took both of Carrie's hand hers and smiled at the girl. \"I'm here to listen to tell me whatever you feel like you can!\" over the next few days as Carrie began to feel more and more at ease with Dr. Weller she began open up more and more about the extent of her life and everything she had been through. The abuse from her mother, the torment at school the cruel pranks and finally the one that led to the Black Prom Massacre. It was during the first discussion of the black prom that Carrie noticed a picture of a smiling 17 year old boy on Dr Weller's desk and pinned to the frame was a black ribbon. Carrie's breath caught in her throat and ice filled her lungs. \"Who is that?\" She asked in a small voice. Dr. Weller turned and looked at the picture. She gave a sad smile. \"That's my nephew Mark,\" she said, \"I raised after his parents, my brother and sister in-law died in a plane crash when he was three. They had left him with me while they went on a second honeymoon. He was the closest thing to a son of my own that I ever had.\" \"The black ribbon,\" said Carrie almost afraid to asked, \"What happened to him.\" \"He died at the black prom,\" Dr. Weller said quietly Carrie began sobbing. She wrapped her arms around her stomach and began to rock back and forth. Tears streamed down her face and onto the wooden floor of the office. \"You must hate me.\" She choked out. Dr. Weller sat down in front of Carrie and placed her hands on Carrie's shoulders. \"Carrie look at me,\" she pleaded. Finally Carrie looked up and theirs met. \"I don't hate you,\" she said, \"I never did.\" Carrie gasped in wonder as she looked into the older woman's eyes. In her mind there was some sadness, but no hatred, not even anger, and there was something else too something that Carrie certainly never expected, forgiveness! \"You've forgiven me?!\" she gasped in wonder. \"Yes I have,\" said Dr. Weller, \"Because that's what God and Mark would want me to do. I don't blame you for what you did, you were tormented beyond what any human being could mentally and physically withstand. it made you sick. And Carrie regardless of what your mother told you, God doesn't hate you either, he loves you and he never stopped because He is the personification and source of love, life, and forgiveness.\" At these words something inside of Carrie White changed forever. It was like she could see clearly for the first time in her life. This woman not her mother was a true example of a Godly woman. Carrie could do nothing but throw her arms around her, cling to her and weep fresh tears. Dr. Weller held the girl and stroked her hair gently until the sobs stopped. Now she was free. To her surprise very few people in Chamberlain begrudged her, her freedom. It seemed that for first time in history an entire town was ashamed of itself. John Hargenson opposed her release at first until the evidence of what Chris had done was brought to light and the resulting embarrassment quieted him down quickly. Still to make things easier on everybody Carrie had elected to leave town. All she had to her name was a change of clothes in her backpack, 2,000 dollars from her mother's bank account and the Bible and 50.00 dollars that Dr. Weller had given her. Even in her uncertainty about whether she should really be free, she was much more at peace with herself than she ever thought possible. This included her telekinesis, as Dr. Weller said, it was an ability. and an ability is not inherently good or evil it's how you use it. She glanced down at Jeans as she approached the truck stop. Hopefully this one had a place where she could wash her clothes. The ironic thing about the hoodie she was wearing was that the hood itself had a blood red inner lining. She discovered that with her telekinesis that she could cause the particles of red light to vibrate around her face giving herself an eerie otherworldly appearance that was usually enough to intimidate anyone who tried to cause her trouble. Her telekinetic ability to levitate, which she used mostly at night allowed to cover exponentially greater distances that anyone else on foot could. Oh she could have bought a plane ticket to Florida, but since she still didn't fully trust John Hargenson not to cause trouble she decided not to make it that easy for him to track her. She adjusted her hood and stepped inside the truck stop. He made her way among the shelves until she found what she wanted. She selected an apple, bottle of water and a Snickers bar. After she made her purchases she left the truck stop and started across the parking lot toward the road to Atwater. She was about halfway across in the darkest part of the lot when she came upon a heated argument between a burly red haired man and a wiry woman with dreadlocks. \"You're violating a restraining order,\" the woman snapped, \"Now get away from me.\" \"I not going to let you marry that guy,\" the man snapped grabbing he arm \"You can't stop me,\" the woman snapped back, she pulled out her phone, \"now get out of here before I call the cops.\" The man flew into a rage, grabbed her arm, twisted the phone out of her grasp and threw it away Then he produced a switchblade knife. He raised the knife to strike when before the woman could scream three eight inch glass shards shot out the shadows and pierce his hand his wrist and his forearm. The man screamed in pain and dropped to his knees holding his now bloody arm. The woman looked up wide eyed to see Carrie stepping out of the shadows. \"Go,\" said Carrie, \"Find your phone and call the police.\" The woman nodded and went find her phone. Carrie turned to face the man putting on her eerie red face effect as she turned. \"I want you to remember something when you get out of jail,\" she said, \"And that is to stay away from that woman, because you won't enjoy seeing me again.\" Carrie put her hand on one of the glass shards and gave it a twist to accent her warning. Then she turned and walked away into the shadows. TBC Let me know what you think.[Chapter 3] CARRIE: Atonement 3 Chapter 3 Jace sat in his apartment, on the couch, with his morning coffee. He was still thinking about the vision last night as he turned on his TV and absent mindedly flipped through the channels. Suddenly a particular news story on the local channel caught his attention. The news reporter on the screen a young woman with black hair was standing in what appeared to be a parking lot. Next to her stood a slightly older woman with dreadlocks. The reporter was speaking: \" I'm here at the Conover Truck Stop just outside Orlando. Last night this parking lot was the scene of a strange story. It seems that this woman, Lena Walcott, was being harassed last night by a violent ex boyfriend who had violated a restraining order and tried to attack her with a knife. He was stopped with a mysterious young woman in a hood apparently threw three long narrow glass shards through his hand, wrist, and arm.\" The reporter paused and turned to the lady \" Is that right, Ms. Walcott?\" \" Yes,\" said Miss Walcott, \"I didn't even know the girl was there until those glass shards came flying out of the shadows! Then she spoke to me and told me to find my phone, which he had taken away, and call the cops. I went to do what she said and when I got back she was gone. I don't know who she was, it was dark and her face was partially hidden by the hood she was wearing, but I remember she had the most intense eyes.\" The Reporter turned to the camera and continued. \" The suspect, a man named Jake Walters, was taken to Orlando General hospital, the man was heard to say that this girl's face glowed red and she turned on him and warned him to stay away from Ms. Walcott or else. Jake Walters has a longing history of Alcohol abuse and violence. This time he faces charges of Violating a restraining order and attempted murder. The doctors say that the young woman's accuracy was amazing. The man's median nerve was severed but no major blood vessels were hit by any of the shards. As of yet there is still no word on the identity of this hooded heroine.\" Jace switched off the TV as the reporter said 'back to you'. He was lost in thought. \"To achieve that kind of accuracy you'd have to be either the world's greatest knife thrower or a telekinetic! I wonder!\" ######## Carrie had made it into Atwater early that morning, after grabbing a little sleep in a bus station storage room. She now sat in the coin laundry across the street from the Phoenix Investigations Building. She had changed into her second set of clothes and was waiting for the others to dry. As she sat there watching the dryer spin around and around, the motion soon lulled her to sleep again. This time she dreamt. It was the same nightmare she'd been having for days; she was reliving the black prom all over again! Across the street Jace was just standing up to down stairs and open the office when he suddenly he flashed to a vision. It was the same one he had in the shower the night before. Only this time it was much stronger this time he was able to more detail including the reflection of the girls face in the eyes of a teacher who seemed to be trying to help her. Jace knew what was coming next in the vision so he decided before he snapped out of it this time, to try and communicate with the owner of these memories. He decided to make it something simple. He concentrated on the phoenix symbol on top of the sign over the front entrance of the building. He hoped to make it appear the vision somehow, to plant it in the mind of the owner of these memories. it worked or so it seemed the phoenix symbol appeared on the wall opposite where this girl appear to be standing when she unleashed the telekinetic shockwave. Carrie jolted awake and sat up with an almost wild look in her eyes. \"What had been that symbol that had appeared on the wall in her dream? It wasn't there the night of the black prom!\" Then it hit her. That presence she had felt in her dreams must be trying to communicate with her She sat there racking her brain trying figure what that symbol was supposed to tell her. suddenly she was jarred out of her thoughts by the loud buzzing of the alarm on the dryer. She stood up and was moving across the aisle from the sitting area when she stopped short. She turned and looked out the glass doors at the building across the street. There on the plaque above the front doors was the bird symbol she had seen! She was standing there gazing at it when suddenly she received a telepathic picture of a man in a ski mask throwing a knife at the back of her neck. The man was startled when the knife stopped in mid air just an inch from its target. Carrie turned slowly around to face her attacker. Her eyes went black and the knife flipped around, shot through the air and slammed into the guy shoulder up to the hilt! The man stumbled backwards and fell to the floor. Just as Carrie took a step forward she was blindside by a sock in the jaw by another masked man. She was so focused on dealing with the knife thrower that she hadn't notice the other man flanking her. Carrie hit the floor dazed. The man who hit her stood over her with a sadistic grin on his face and a set of brass knuckles in his hand. \"Hey,\" snapped his partner, \"Will you get on with it, before she uses that Tele-Crap on us again!\" \"The man that hired is wanted her to suffer remember,\" the other man retorted. Carrie fought desperately to clear her head so she could use her telekinesis again. The man standing over her pulled out a small caliber hand gun and aimed at one of Carries legs. But just as he was pulling the trigger there was a flash of white light behind Carrie and the gun exploded. The man screamed in pain and dropped the floor holding his mangled hand. Carrie's head cleared. She turned and saw a young man in black denim and a red shirt standing in the doorway with an outstretched hand. Traces of a pinpoint of light, between his thumb and his other fingers, was fading away. The other man, who had just pulled the knife out of his shoulder, was momentarily stunned by this turn of events. Then he recovered and made a grab for his own gun. Carrie saw it and reacted. She grabbed the man, by the throat, with her power, as his gun came out of his belt, and with a sharp flick of her arm slammed his head into a dryer window hard enough to crack and bloody the glass. He slumped to the ground unconscious. Carrie turned to see the young man advancing on the man with the wounded arm. She was impressed when the young man grabbed the thug and lifted him off the ground with one arm. \"All right slime-ball,\" he growled ripping the guy's ski mask off, \"you have five seconds to tell me who hired you two to torture and kill this girl!\" Before the man could answer, Jace suddenly said, \"Thank you. You just told me,\" and dropped kicked him against the opposite wall. After the man slumped to the floor unconscious the young man walked over to him, pulled something out of the man's pocket and fiddled with it for a moment. Then the young man tuned to Carrie. \"Are you alright?\" he asked \"Yeah,\" she replied, \"that guy just surprised me.\" Carrie grabbed her clothes and backpack and she and Jace hurried outside. \"By the way,\" he said, \"I'm Jace Pierson, Phoenix investigations.\" \"I know,\" said Carrie, \"I'm Carrie White.\" \"So you're not just a subconscious telepath.\" Carrie shook her head. Jace pulled out his Phone and dialed a number. \"Hi,\" he said into the phone, \"Put detective Jackson on the phone.\" There was a pause. \"Hi, Steve,\" he said, \"Jace here, Are you still interested in catching those sadist Morton Brothers?\" \"Those sickos absolutely!\" came the reply \"Well in that case you'd better get some men over to the Quick Coin Laundromat before they wake up.\" with that Jace hung up. \"I know you found out who hired those men,\" said Carrie, as they started across the street to Jace's office, \"Who was it?\" \"Does the name John Hargenson mean anything to you?\" TBC ….. Please tell me what you think[Chapter 4] CARRIE 4 CARRIE: Atonement Chapter 4 At the name John Hargenson, Carrie groaned. So he was the one that sent those goons after her. Now Carrie saw where Chris got her pathological inability to take responsibility for her actions, not to mention her sociopathic tendency to blame everyone else for what went wrong in her life. \"I should've known,\" she muttered shaking her head. \"So you do know him.\" said Jace as he held the door for her and they entered the Phoenix building. \"Not personally,\" said Carrie, \"But yeah I know who he is and why he wants me dead.\" \"Does it have something to do with what is saw you do in the visions I've had?\" \"I thought you were the one that's been sharing my dreams with me,\" said Carrie \"Yeah,\" said Jace, \"it was me but I assure It wasn't intentional my brain the way it is, acts like a scanner for other brain waves.\" \"It's okay,\" said Carrie, \"I think we were called together for a reason. And to answer your question yes it does have something to do with what you saw.\" When they reached the top floor of the building they walked off Jace's private elevator and into the penthouse. \"Welcome to my humble abode.\" Jace said with a little bow. \"Thank you,\" said Carrie blushing a little, \"You have a very nice place.\" \"Thank you,\" said Jace \"How could you afford a place like this in Florida of all places?\" she asked looking around and the spacious three bedroom apartment. \"An inheritance,\" said Jace dismissively, trying to change the subject, \"The more important matter is this John Hargenson, who is he and why is he trying to kill you?!\" Carrie sat down on the couch, took a deep breath and began to tell her story. She told Jace about her abusive, mentally unstable religious nut of a mother. She told how she was also tormented at school. Finally she told the tale of the locker room shower incident, the punishment for the girls, and John Hargenson's Daughter Chris what she pulled at the prom and the resulting massacre which came to be known as the Black Prom. She spoke of her treatment under Dr. Weller in Glenwood and her subsequent pardon and release. When she had finished her story, Jace shook his head in disbelief. \"You pour soul,\" he said, \"So, John Hargenson wants you dead because_,\" \"I killed his daughter in my insane telekinetic rage,\" said Carrie hanging her had, \"I had been tormented all my life and finally when that bucket of blood was dumped on me I snapped and went completely insane. I killed a lot of people that night, some it could be argued, deserved it, but I'm sure there were a lot who didn't and that's what I want to atone for, the innocent ones.\" \"Let me guess,\" John Hargenson, \"Wasn't too happy about the pardon.\" \"That's putting it mildly,\" said Carrie, \"He knew about the Presidents pardon almost as soon as I did. Being a lawyer with political ambitions he must have friends in Washington. He came storming into Glenwood right in the middle of one of my sessions with Dr. Weller. He came blasting into her office nearly bowling her secretary over. (Flashback) John Hargenson came barreling through the door of Dr. Weller's office, despite the look protestations of Weller's secretary. Weller was sitting on the couch listening to something Carrie was saying when the door slammed against the wall causing her to look up. when she saw John Hargenson standing their her face darkened to a scowl. \"Are you out of your mind busting in here like that!\" she snapped. Hargenson ignored her indignation. \"It this some kind of sick joke.\" He seethed holding up a piece of paper in his hand. The paper was memo about the Carrie white pardon that was circulating in the Capitol building. Dr. Weller walked over and calmly examined the paper. \"No I assure it's no joke,\" She said, \"in three days Carrie White will be finished with her treatment, at which time she will be released and free to come and go as she pleases.\" (End Flashback) \"Good Grief,\" said Jace, \"He was upset,\" \"Yeah,\" said Carrie, \"he was so mad that he actually made a lunge for me. Before I could react Dr. Weller jumped between us and told him that if he didn't get out of her office right then she'd have orderlies put him in a straight jacket and throw him in the padded cell. He left without another word but with one last dirty look.\" The day I was released somebody succeeded in restoring the memory chip from Chris's cell phone it proved everything Chris had done. I thought that all that had embarrassed him enough to leave me alone. I forgot that he's a Hargenson. They never take responsibility for anything.\" Jace nodded in understanding. \"Well, \"He said Reaching in to his pocket and pulling out his phone, \"I think I found something, on that guy's phone, that may get Hargenson off your back once and for all.\" Jace punched up a video, obviously made without Hargenson's knowledge, that showed him meeting with the Morton brothers. He passed them and envelope under the table of the booth they were sitting in. \"You get half the money up front,\" he said, \"the other half when Carrie White is dead, and make her suffer!\" \"They probably made this, for leverage, Just in Case Hargenson tried to double cross them.\" Jace Said \"Well now it's going to give us leverage.\" He added Just then Carrie's stomach let out a loud growl. Jace chuckled and Carrie blushed. \"I'm guessing you're hungry.\" He said \"Famished,\" replied Carrie. \"Say no more,\" said Jace, \"Breakfast coming up.\" Jace took Carrie by the hand and let her into the kitchen. There was already a waffle iron heating on the counter. Jace took pitcher of batter out of the refrigerator and poured some into the hot iron. There was sizzling sound as the batter met the hot metal. \"Hey,\" said Carrie, as Jace closed the lid on the iron, \"How did you know I was in trouble down there? Our little telepathic connection only seems to happen when I'm asleep.\" \"My telepathy, Like yours can also act as a sixth sense, a warning signal if you will, just like yours warned you of that knife that was being thrown at your head. I got a mental flash of you in trouble. When I got outside and saw the Morton brothers Van in the laundry parking lot I knew where to go.\" replied Jace. Jace looked at his watch then picked up his Land line phone \"While that's cooking I've got a phone call to make.\" He punched in some numbers and waiting. \"Hello, Chamberlain information, I would like the number for one John Hargenson Attorney at law. 555-8775, thank you.\" Jace hung up the phone and dialed again. This time with the call was picked up his demeanor changed. \"Hargenson,\" he growled, \"Don't talk just listen.\" Jace Played the recording of Hargenson's secret meeting with those to thugs.\" \"Now hear this,\" growled Jace his voice low and threatening, \"if Carrie White ever again so much as stubs her toe under mysterious circumstances, this recording will be given to your district attorney and then distributed to every newspaper east of the Mississippi got it, good!\" TBC….. Tell me what you think.[Chapter 5] Carrie5 Chapter 5 John Hargenson sat at his desk in stunned silence. That phone call had just backed him into a corner. Whoever that was, he obviously knew Carrie and he had somehow found out about his meeting with the Morton Brothers. Well the only thing he could do was lay low, for now. Back in Atwater Carrie and Jace were finishing their breakfast. Carrie had been hungry alright. She had finished off and entire Belgian Waffle topped with strawberries and cream. Jace had peanut butter and bananas on his. The first few minutes of their breakfast was spent in silence. It was not an uncomfortable silence though. It was actually one of the few times in her life that Carrie felt safe and accepted. Finally, Carrie spoke. \"You said this place is called Phoenix investigations, does that mean that you're a private eye.\" Jace nodded, \"Yeah,\" he said, \"I guess you could say that I'm sort of a whiz kid. I graduated from college when I was 15 with a degree in criminology. I decided that Private detective work was what I wanted to do because I have always like the challenge of figuring things out.\" Carrie nodded in understanding. \"I never really had a chance to discover what I like before.\" She said quietly. Jace felt his heart ache for the girl. \"I suppose not,\" he said, \"well, all that has changed now.\" After they finished their meal, Jace put the plates in the dishwasher and started it up. Then after a little personal hygiene he told Carrie that he was going downstairs to open the office for business. He opened the office and sat down behind the desk. He was in the middle of wading through his morning emails when Carrie walked into the office. \"do you have any cases today?\" she asked \"Just some prospects.\" Replied Jace, \"They'll only become cases if I decide to take them.\" \"I heard that private eyes spend most of their time tailing cheating spouses and significant others.\" \"Well there is that,\" said Jace, \"but I don't really work a lot of those. I'm picky like that. Most of my cases involve theft, embezzlement, insurance fraud and there have even been a few murders and the odd missing person case.\" \"Oh, I see,\" said Carrie \"Hmm,\" said Jace as he opened one particular Email, \"this prospect looks intriguing.\" \"What is it?\" she asked. \"it appears to be a missing persons case,\" said Jace, \"This lady has come to me because the police are at a stalemate.\" \"Whose Missing?\" asked Carrie \"According to this, her daughter,\" he replied, \"she, her daughter and granddaughter have been here in Orlando visiting her younger sister for the last couple of months. Apparently, she's thinking of moving down here, but that's beside the point, while she was here her daughter got involved with some kind of psychic advisor and then disappeared.\" \"What's her name?\" she asked \"Eleanor Snell.\" \"Eleanor Snell!\" exclaimed Carrie, rushing around the desk to look at the screen, \"Then it's Sue Snell her daughter that's missing!\" \"Someone you know,\" Asked Jace looking up from his screen. \"Yeah,\" said Carrie, \"She was about the only person outside the school Gym teacher Miss Desjardin who ever tried to make up for the way that I was tormented at school. Her boyfriend Tommy was the one that invited me to go to the prom.\" A look of realization flashed on to Jace's face. \"Was he the one I saw on the ground at your feet in the dreamscape?\" he said. Carrie nodded sadly \"After they dumped the bucket of pig blood on me, the Bucket fell and hit tommy in the head killing him,\" she said, \"it was kind of the straw that broke the camel's back.\" There was a moment of silence before Carrie spoke again. \"Jace,\" she said resolutely, \"I want you to help Mrs. Snell, Sue's not a bad person she just made a mistake. Besides she has a baby daughter who doesn't deserve to lose her mother if it can be helped.\" \"All right,\" said Jace nodding, \"I'll send her a message and let her know that we'll take the case.\" \"We?!\" she said. Jace looked up at Carrie and smiled \"Well I figured you intended to tag along anyway and My dad has been hounding me to hire a partner. So, the job's yours if you're interested?\" Carrie broke into a big smile and threw her arms around Jace. Though surprised, Jace gently put his arms around her accepting the hug. \"I'll take that as a yes,\" he said with a chuckle. Carrie let go and jumped back blushing bright red. \"Sorry,\" she stammered looking at her feet. Jace stood up put his finger under her chin and gently lifted her head until their eyes met again. \"there's no reason to apologize.\" He said, \"Hugs are a good thing.\" A few minutes later a reply came back from Eleanor Snell with profuse thanks and directions to her sister's house. Jace and Carrie took the elevator down into the garage. There they found Jace's Car a bright red new model Camaro. They climbed into the car and started off. About twenty minutes later they arrived at the address they had been given. They got out of the car and walked up to a two story Mediterranean style house. Before they could knock on the door, it was flung open. \"Thank you so much for coming,\" said a middle-aged woman with blonde hair. Carrie couldn't help but notice the resemblance between Sue and her mother. \"I'm Jace Pierson, Mrs. Snell,\" he said, he motioned to Carrie, \"this is my partner Carrie White.\" Eleanor Snell's eyebrows went up at the sound of the name. she peered at Carrie for a moment. Carrie decided to bite the bullet. \"Yes, Mrs. Snell,\" she said, \"I'm That Carrie White. I'm here because I want to help you and Sue if I can. She was one of the only people in Chamberlain who ever tried to be nice to me. Even if it didn't work out so well.\" Carrie added that last part with a hint of sadness in her voice. Eleanor stepped toward Carrie and raised her hand. Carrie cringed not knowing what to expect. To her surprise Mrs. Snell simply laid her hand on Carrie's cheek gently. \"Thank you, Carrie.\" She said. Jace let out a breath that he didn't realize that he had been holding. Mrs. Snell invited them in and they sat down in the living room. Just as Mrs. Snell settled in across from them the silence was broken by a loud baby's cry. \"excuse me,\" she said, \"I have to feed Little Carrie.\" Carrie was sure that her mouth was hanging open. \"She named her baby after me?!\" she blurted out when Mrs. Snell returned a few minutes later. Mrs. Snell smiled and nodded. \"Sue has always deeply regretted the way you were treated and that she was ever a part of it. Naming her daughter after you was her way of trying to make amends for everything.\" \"Mrs. Snell,\" Said Jace, \"You said in your message that Sue was involved with some kind of so called spiritual advisor before she disappeared?\" \"Yes,\" said Mrs. Snell, \"She said that he was called Avano The Celestial Messenger, before she disappeared she told that he could do amazing things and he would give his followers great insights into themselves. She seemed totally in awe of this man. The afternoon before she disappeared two days ago, However, her demeanor toward him had changed. She seemed angry when she talked about him. She left for his meeting that night and I haven't seen her since.\" \"May we see her room,\" asked Jace. Eleanor Snell nodded and led them down the hall to the room that Sue had been using. Jace and Carrie walked into the room and began to look around. \"What are we looking for?\" Asked Carrie \"Well like the old Cliché says, I'm hoping I'll know it when I see it.\" Replied Jace. Carrie crossed the room and opened the closet door. \"Hey Jace,\" she said, \"Take a look at this.\" Jace walked over to stand by Carrie. On the back of the closet door was a large poster of a young man who looked like a cross between Michael Jackson and Prince. The man was sitting on what looked like a throne draped in a dark cloak. He sat there with his fingertips together. The most interesting part of the poster was the slash mark across his throat. \"That's Avano.\" Said Mrs. Snell Coming to see what they were looking at.\" \"Judging from that slash mark across his throat she was definitely angry and or disillusioned with him.\" Carrie took a step forward and place her hand on the slash mark. Instantly she heard the beat of a heart in her ears. She placed a hand on Jace's shoulder and instantly he could hear it too. \"Jace,\" she said, \"She's still alive!\" TBC … Please read and Review[Chapter 6] Carrie 6 Chapter 6 Jace and Carrie Left the Snell's place and headed for the 12th precinct. A few minutes later Carrie was seated in one of the chairs by Detective Jacksons desk while Jace stood next to her. Steve Jackson, a tall African American man in a suit and tie, with broad shoulders and currently wearing a serious expression came back to his desk. He handed Jace some photocopies of a file on Avano and his followers. There were people of all shapes and sizes in pictures in the file. The largest group of them were dressed as goths. \"That's everything I could get on the Snell case without getting caught by Detective Halleck.\" He said \"Halleck,\" said Jace thoughtfully, \"Isn't he the one who wears that rumpled trench coat and suit and hates my guts?\" \"That's him.\" Said Steve, \"Try to avoid him if you can on the way out.\" \"What did I ever do to him anyway?\" said Jace \"He's egotistical and Every time you come in here and manage to solve one of his stalled cases you make him look stupid in front of the captain.\" Replied Steve, \"So whatever you do don't let him catch with those photostats.\" Jace nodded, and he and Carrie made there way out of the precinct careful to avoid Halleck. ######### Carrie straightened up and looked at herself in the Mirror. She now had on white face makeup, streaked hair, and bright red lipstick. She was dressed in a red and black lace corset dress and she had a studded collar around her neck. There was knock on the bathroom door. \"Come in,\" she said. The door opened and Jace walked in. he had dyed blonde streaks into his own hair and had on similar makeup. \"Are you sure that I look alright.\" she said \"Definitely,\" said Jace, \"in fact I would say that you are easily one of the prettiest goths I've ever seen.\" Carrie blushed right through her white face makeup. \"Remind me again why we're doing this?\" \"Because most of the people in those photos were goths,\" said Jace, \"So this will probably our best bet to get into Avano's sanctum unnoticed.\" They both stepped into the elevator and took it down to the Garage. \"Carrie,\" he said, \"For this job I think we need to take my other car.\" He led her over to a black Ferrari 488, \"This car was part of the inheritance,\" he explained, as he opened the passenger door for him, \"But I only use it when I need to look wealthy.\" \"You think Sue's disappearance is about money?\" asked Carrie as Jace climbed into the driver's seat. \"I do,\" said Jace \"But Sue doesn't have any money,\" said Carrie, \"at least none that I know of.\" \"But you saw her aunt's house,\" said Jace, \"I looked up some stats on it while you were getting ready it's A five-bedroom, four Bathroom Mediterranean Style house with an in-ground pool in the back in Florida. That runs into the six figures easy around here.\" \"I get it,\" said Carrie, \"you think that Avano sucked her in to get to her aunt.\" Jace nodded \"I did some checking on the aunt and I found out that she runs her own real estate business and has a net worth of 10 to 15 Million dollars.\" A few minutes later Jace and Carrie pulled into the parking lot outside the three-story building that served as Avano's meeting place. Jace hopped out and walked around the car to open Carrie's door. She smiled at him as she climbed out. They turned and walked toward the building. Just after they stepped inside through the double door, Carrie noticed that a lot of the guys they were passing in the hallway were staring. \"Jace,\" she whispered, \"everybody's staring at us, do you think they suspect?\" she was surprised when Jace chuckled. \"Carrie,\" he said, \"They're not starting at us they're staring at you.\" \"What, Why,\" she asked. \"I told you,\" he said, \"You're Beautiful.\" Carrie blushed again. When they got within sight the door to the auditorium where Avano held his meetings, they realized they had a problem. All the others that approached the door had an invitation card. They showed it to the 6-foot 7-inch hulk that was guarding the door. \"Well this could be a problem,\" muttered Jace, \"I didn't count on needing an invitation.\" \"Jace,\" said Carrie, \"I can see in his mind that there are more of those cards in office 343 one floor up.\" Jace and Carrie slipped back into the elevator and pressed the button for the next floor. When the doors opened they slowly and cautiously walked down the hall. Half way down the hallway they found 243 hidden back in a small alcove. Jace tried the door. \"It's locked.\" He said \"No problem,\" said Carrie, her pupils dilated. She looked at the lock and there was an audible click as the door unlocked. Jace opened the door. there across the room from the doorway on the table next to the copy machine were the remaining invitation cards. With a look two cards shot across the room into his hand. He handed one to Carrie. When they got back down stairs they got into the auditorium without any trouble. Avano's followers were all seated in several ways. Some sat in the chairs, some where draped over the chairs and some were sitting on the floor. They were all chatting as they waited for Avano to appear. Carrie moved closer to Jace. This place was making her very nervous. She almost jumped when Jace put his arm around her, but she was actually grateful for the simple gesture. Suddenly the lights dimmed and the in the next instant in a flash of fire Avano appeared seated on his \"Throne\". \"Welcome, My Children,\" he said in an eerie voice, \"Today I have come to bring you council from the great beyond.\" The rest of the meeting consisted of Avano giving advice and demonstrating his so-called clairvoyant powers by telling people about themselves about themselves things they didn't know how he could possibly know. Carrie spoke to Jace telepathically, \"He puts on quite a show.\" \" Yeah, but that's all it is a show.\" Replied Jace, \"So far I haven't seen him do anything that a decent stage magician couldn't do.\" A few minutes later the meeting was over. Carrie and Jace began to mingle among the visitors that hung around the building. Carrie glanced at the different people as she and Jace strolled around arm in arm. suddenly her gaze rested on a girl standing in the corner with a couple of other girls. She had red streaks in her black hair. She was wearing a black corset dress and platform boots. Unlike the others she was looking around a little uneasily. Carrie's eyes widened as she perceived something. She tightened her grip on Jace's arm. \"I know,\" said Jace, \"I see it too. She knew Sue.\" \"We should talk to her.\" Said Carrie. Jace nodded in agreement. They worked their way through the crowd of people and over to her. She looked up when they approached her. \"Hello,\" said Carrie with a smile. \"uh Hello,\" said the girl, \"A little warily.\" \"Don't be afraid of us,\" said Carrie, \"And don't ask us how we know, but we have a mutual friend, Sue Snell.\" \"You know Sue,\" she said lowering her voice. Carrie nodded. \"We're looking for her.\" Said Jace quietly. The girl looked around first before saying anything else. I seemed she wanted to make sure that no one else was listening. \"My name is Josie Squires,\" she said, \"But everyone around here as a name that Avano gives them. He gave me the name Raven and he gave Sue the name Dove, so that's the name that most everyone around here would know her by.\" \"I see,\" said Jace, \"I get the feeling you two were pretty good friends\" Josie nodded \"When she came here I could tell that something in her past was haunting her. It took a while before she opened up about it. Apparently, she's from that town in Maine where the so call black prom took place.\" \"She must have lost friends at the black prom,\" said Jace as he felt Carrie's arm tense up again. \"Well, yes she did,\" said Josie, \"But she said it wasn't there deaths that haunted her. Get this, she says that the who disaster was caused by a girl with Psychokinetic powers, that this girl was tormented at home and at school. Sue said an incredibly cruel prank was played on her at the prom and the girl went Insane, unleashed her powers and caused that entire tragedy. She also said that up until then this girl had been a kind and gentle soul who had never harmed anyone. She was deeply ashamed that she had ever been part of this girl's tormentors and was always haunted by her own actions.\" \"And that's why she got involved with Avano?\" asked Jace. Josie nodded \"She was searching for away to make amends for past mistakes,\" said Josie, \"She was even given the job of being Avano's secretary, and working in his office on the top floor, But I saw her not long before she disappeared, and she was very angry about something she had discovered. She said that Avano wasn't what he appeared to be and as soon as she could get her hands on the evidence she was going to prove it.\" \"And that was the last time you saw her?\" asked Carrie. Josie just nodded. \"Thanks,\" said Carrie. \"I was still hanging around this place trying to find out anything that could tell me what happened to Sue but Avano and his 'Council' are being very tight lipped about the whole thing.\" Josie \"That gives me a bad feeling,\" said Jace. Carrie nodded gravely. \"Thanks, Josie,\" said Jace, \"Now take my advice. Get out of this place and never come near Avano again.\" Josie didn't need to be told twice she turned and left but not before she gave Jace and Carrie her number, so they could call her when they knew anything. Jace and Carrie turned toward the rest of the room. Avano had already retired to his office. Jace and Carrie decided to try a direct strategy for the next part of their investigation. They stepped into the elevator and took it up to the top floor. They walked down the hallway until they came to Avano's private office and rooms. They were stopped at the door by the same hulk they had seen downstairs earlier. \"Sorry no visitors,\" he said, \"Avano is currently communing with the cosmos and cannot be disturbed.\" \"Not even to talk about Dove,\" said Carrie. The man gave a start at the mention of the name. \"What did you say?\" he asked. \"You heard her,\" snapped Jace, \"This concerns the disappearance of and possible foul play to a girl he called Dove, his secretary.\" \"Now,\" said Carrie, \"You go and tell Avano for his own good he'd better get his head out of the cosmos and back down to earth right now.\" TBC…. Please Read and Review[Chapter 7] Carrie 7 Chapter 7 If Avano was nervous as Jace as Carrie walked into the room, he hid it well. He sat there behind his carved oak desk with his fingertips together in a very judicial manner. Jace glanced around the room. Except for the incense burning in the sensor on the table in the corner. And a set of crystals arranged in the corners of the room it looked like and ordinary office. There were three large windows behind Avano, and oddly enough the center one looked cleaner than the other two. \"I have been told that you wish to discuss Dove,\" he said. \"She's a friend of ours,\" said Jace, \"We're trying to find her.\" Said Jace \"Alas she has departed for parts unknown even to me,\" he said, \"I believe she had a crisis of faith.\" Avano looked pain and even shed a tear for effect. \"If only she had stayed,\" he sighed, \"I could have counseled her.\" Jace and Carrie both fought the urge to roll their eyes. \"Did she give you any clue as to where her crisis of faith might take her?\" asked Carrie. Jace was impressed. She was already sounding like an investigator. \"I regret no,\" he said, \"an I have not been able to contact her on the Astral plane either.\" \"When was the last time you saw her?\" asked Jace \"I recall it being the day before she disappeared.\" He replied in a tone that made Jace and Carrie suspect that they weren't going to get anything else out of him. \"Well thank you for your time, sir.\" Said Carrie. \"You're welcome fair one,\" he said, eyeing her up and down, \"Please feel free to come back here anytime.\" Carrie's face remained polite as Jace offered his arm to her. She took his arm with a firmer grip than she meant to. When Jace told her she was pretty, it made her feel warm and fuzzy inside. This guy made her skin crawl. Jace shook hands with Avano and immediately he saw the telepathic flash of a window shattering in the dark as a shadowy form went through it. As quickly as it appeared the image was gone. Jace and Carrie turned and walked out of the office and headed down the hall. They exchanged a look that told Jace that Carrie had seen the telepathic flash too. \"Well we know one thing,\" she said, \"Avano is not a grieving spiritual advisor, he's a liar.\" \"Oh yeah,\" said Jace, as they stepped out of the elevator on the ground floor, \"He definitely knew more than he was telling.\" \"So, what do we do now?\" asked Carrie as they climbed into the car. \"We need to come back here later when no one else is here and have another look at that office,\" said Jace, \"Something about it is off and right now I can't quite put my finger on it.\" As they drove back toward home, neither one of them knew that as soon as they had left Avano's office he had made a phone call. When they got back to the penthouse they changed out of there disguises and ordered Chinese. Jace sat down on the sofa put his feet up on the coffee table and began to rack his brain trying to figure out what if was about Avano's office that was bugging him. Carrie elected to take a shower. A few minutes later, just as the shower shut off, there was a knock at the door. Jace looked at his watch. \"Hmm,\" he said, \"that was fast.\" He stood up and walk toward the door. He was his hand was half way to the doorknob. When Carrie emerged from the Bathroom. \"Jace,\" she hissed, \"Don't open that door, it's not the delivery boy!\" No sooner had these words left her mouth that Jace heard the pump action of a shotgun through the door. He dove out of the way just as a shotgun blast blew the doorknob off the door. Carrie hit the deck at the same time. Four Masked men came crashing through the door. Two were armed with shotguns and two were armed with semi-automatic pistols. Carrie and Jace jump to their feet. The two with the shotguns leveled them at Carrie. Carrie's eyes dilated, and the shotguns jumped violently out of the man's hands and swung around 180 degrees and blew the two would be attackers away. Jace raised his hands and the pistols flew out of the hands of the other two, and then they were blown backwards against the wall This and having witnessed what happened to their friends drained the fight out of them. They scrambled to their feet, turned, and tried to run, but they didn't get more than a few steps before they had the sensation of being grabbed around the throat and lifted off the ground. The grip that had them swung them around in mid-air and brought them face to face with Jace and Carrie standing there with their hands raised in Darth Vader force grip style. \"Now,\" said Jace, as the shotguns hovered in front of there faces, \"if you two don't want to end up splattered all over the wall like your friends, you'd better tell us who hired you.\" \"What are you people?!\" Cried one of the men clearly terrified. \"Who we are and what we are doesn't matter,\" growled Carrie, the shotguns chambered shells \"What matters is what we're going to do to you if you don't talk!\" \"I d-don't know_\" he started \"Shut up, Eddie!\" snapped the other guy. \"I will not shut up,\" the first guy retorted, \"Listen, Jake, you may want a shotgun facial, but I don't!\" \"We don't know who hired us,\" he continued, \"We get our instructions from a post office box, so we never no who hires us for the jobs!\" Carrie turned to Jace, \"What do you think?\" she asked \"I believe them,\" said Jace, \"Avano strikes me as the type who is too smart to get his own hands dirty unless it's absolutely necessary.\" With a flick of their wrists, Jace and Carrie bounced the two men off the wall hard enough to crack the plaster. Then they dropped the unconscious men to the floor. ######## Detective Steve Jackson stood with Jace and Carrie as the Forensics guys made their way outside. The coroner's van pulled away with the two dead bodies in it. And he turned to Jace. Jace and Carrie were standing there with chopsticks in their hands eating from cartons of Chinese noodles. \"Well,\" he said, \"First of all thanks, those four assassins are a team of hitmen for hire known as the Gulf Shore Boys. We've been trying to nail them for years. Whatever you did to those two worked because Little Eddie was singing like Pavarotti's canary. Those to are going away for a long time.\" \"And second?\" asked Jace, \"Second, you'll need to come down to the station in the morning and sign a statement, but that's just a formality as far as I know you two are in the clear, self-defense pure and simple.\" \"Great,\" said Carrie \"Oh, and one other thing,\" said Jace, \"keep those two on ice until you hear from us if at all possible. If as we suspect Avano had something to do with Sue Snell's disappearance, and hired those guys to kill us for snooping, he's going to get really jumpy and spooked when he finds out they failed.\" \"Right,\" said Carrie, \"And at the moment he's the only lead we have to what happened to Sue.\" \"I'll do what I can.\" Said Steve. After he had gone Carrie turned to Jace. \"What do we do now?\" \"First,\" said Jace, \"We're going to finish our supper, then get a couple hours sleep.\" \"And then,\" replied Carrie \"And then we're going to pay a little nocturnal visit to Avano's office.\" TBC…..Please Read and Review[Chapter 8] Carrie 8 Chapter 8 It was a little after midnight when Jace was jarred out of a sound sleep by an almost hammering knock on his door. Jace was laying on his back on the couch, Carrie was laying half on the couch and half on his chest. Her head raised from it's resting spot on his collar bone. They had dozed off next to each other on the couch and had ended up in this position when they sagged over in their sleep and shifted around. \"What is it?!\" she said rubbing sleep out of her eyes. She looked at the position they were in and jumped off of him when she realized where she was. \"Probably my parents,\" he said, \"Tonight was there date night and they went to Orlando to eat at their favorite restaurant. I left a message on dad's phone about the little bit of excitement that we had here earlier tonight right before we laid down.\" \"And they're just now getting here to check on you?\" asked Carrie. Jace chuckled as he and Carrie sat up. \"It's not as bad as it sounds,\" said Jace, \"Mom doesn't like to risk getting interrupted when there on their weekly date so she makes him turn his phone off while they're in the restaurant. So, he probably didn't get my message until they got home.\" Jace stood up and walked over to the door, and made to pull aside the chair he was using to barricade the door. \"Wait Jace,\" said Carrie, \"I can't meet your parents, I'm a mess! Besides, what will they say when they find a girl in your apartment.\" \"First you may be a mess but you're a beautiful mess,\" said Jace, \"And as for having a girl in my apartment, my mom after me to meet a nice girl and 'settle down' ever since I moved out, so she'll be thrilled that I have a girl in here.\" Jace turned and pulled the chair away the door opened and his parents came rushing in. Carrie Saw they were both on the tall side and Dark haired, Blue-eyed, and ruddy faced like their son his Mother a tall woman with dark hair like Jace wrapped her arms around her son. Jace hugged her bag. \"I'm fine, mom,\" he said soothingly. His dad even looked worried this time. \"Son,\" he said, \"I know that you can take care of yourself, and I don't like to pry, but what have you gotten yourself into this time?!\" \"Well, Dad,\" he said, \"To make a long story short, it's basically a missing person's case that is mixed up with a scam that involves more than enough money to kill for.\" \"I know your Father and I can't expect you to back off, so please be careful!\" said his mother. Jace was about to reply when she caught sight of Carrie who was sitting nervously on the couch. \"Elias,\" said Jace's Mother, \"Do you see what I see?! It appears to be a girl!\" Jace's father turned and caught sight of Carrie. He walked over to her and appeared to study her for a minute. At first Carrie was a little uneasy but then she suddenly noticed that though he was trying to look serious his eyes were twinkling. \"Yep,\" he said turned back to his wife, \"That's a girl all right.\" Carrie Blushed and suppressed a giggle. \"All right knock it off you two,\" said Jace rolling his eyes, \"Mom, Dad, this is my new partner Carrie White. Carrie these are my Parents Elias and Amy Pierson. \"Carrie White,\" said his mother her eyes widening! Jace nodded to his mother's thoughts. \"Yes, Mother she's that Carrie White, the one from the Black Prom,\" he said, \"But there's a lot about it that you don't know. If you sit down a minute I'll tell you what you don't know.\" Jace's parents sat down on the couch next to Carrie and listened as she and Jace gave them a quick version of the whole story. Jace's Mother turned and to Carrie's surprised pulled her into a hug. \"Carrie,\" she said, \"I believe that things happen for a reason, and if you found your way to my son it was because you were meant to.\" \"Agreed,\" said Elias, \"From what you've told is it sounds Like our son is the very man that you need, so Welcome to the family.\" \"Hey,\" said Jace with a chuckle, \"Don't rush things we're not even in an official relationship.\" \"Yet,\" said Carrie Jace turned toward and quirked his left eyebrow. She blushed again Carrie was so happy that she felt like she might cry. Jace thanked his parents for their understanding and acceptance of Carrie. After they left Jace and Carrie decided it was time to clock back in. they took the elevator back down to the garage and jumped into Jace's Camaro. A little over 30 minutes later they pulled into the parking lot Avano's building. Jace parked the car back in the shadows where it was almost invisible in the night. He and Carrie also kept to the shadows as they approached the building. When they got to the door Carrie's eyes dilated and there was a scrubbing sound followed by a click as the door unlocked. Carrie started to reach for the door handled when suddenly Jace caught her hand and stopped her. \"hold it,\" he said and nodded toward something in the lobby, Carrie peered through the window glass and spotted what Jace had. It was the control pad for a security system. \"If we don't enter the right security code within a certain amount of time after opening this door the alarm will go off.\" He said \"Well what do we do now?\" asked Carrie \"I've got an idea,\" said Jace, \"We need to get up to the roof. That's where they generally stash the power box for these private security systems. And if we can get to it we can disable it.\" Carrie nodded in understanding and she and Jace walked around to the side of the building. After they checked to make sure no one was around to see them, Carrie's eyes dilated and Jace's irises began to glow white. They levitated off the ground and floated up to the top of the building. After their feet touched the roof, it didn't take them long to find what they were looking for especially since the security company's logo was plastered all over the box. Opening the box Jace use a wire cap to lock two of the largest wires together. \"There,\" he said when had finished, \"no opening the door will have no affect because now the alarm circuit can't be broken.\" The two telekinetic detectives levitated back down and opened the door. Slipping inside they took the elevator up to the third floor where Avano's office was located. When they got there Carrie made quick work of the lock on the door. They walked into the office and pulled out their flashlights and began looking around. Jace paused in the middle of the room as Carrie walked over and began to go through the file cabinets. \"There is something off about this room,\" he said half to himself, \"Something is different and I can't quite put my finger on it.\" \"Hey,\" said Carrie, \"here's something you can put your finger on!\" Jace walked over to where Carrie was standing and looked at what she had pulled out of a previously locked file cabinet. It was a file but more specifically it was a dossier on Josie the girl they had spoken to earlier that night. \"Aha, \"said Jace, \"This is how Avano manages to tell his followers all about themselves, there is nothing supernatural about it. As I suspected he's investigated all of them ahead of time and has files on each of them.\" Jace and Carrie started going through the rest of the file cabinet. They found, as they expected, detailed files on every one of his followers and they were all from well to do and fairly well to do families. He's methodically brainwashing to hand over control of their finances to him. \"Well were found what we suspected about Avano was true,\" said Carrie sounding a little discouraged, \"So we really don't know anything new.\" As soon as these words were out of her mouth, Jace stopped dead in his tracks! \"That's it!\" he exclaimed, \"That's what's different in this office!\" \"What?\" Carrie Asked \"That window over there behind Avano's desk,\" Replied Jace, \"the reason that it doesn't looked the same as the others is because it's not original like the other two, it's brand new!\" \"you think that's the window that we saw in the telepathic flash we got from Avano!?\" cried Carried \"Exactly,\" said Jace, \"And I believe that the shadowy form we saw going through it was Sue!\" TBC…stay tuned for the next chapter please Read and Review[Chapter 9] Carrie 9 Chapter 9 Carrie turned and walked over to the window. As soon as she touched the glass he could hear the same heartbeat that she and Jace had heard in Sue's bedroom when she touched the poster. However, the Rhythm was slower than it had been. \"Jace,\" she said, \"I still hear the heartbeat, Sue's still alive, but we have to hurry she's getting weaker!\" Jace took out his phone and photographed as many of the files as he could, then he and Carrie hurried outside the building. \"Hey, Carrie,\" he said as they emerged, \"I noticed that Sue's file is missing!\" \"Are you surprised?\" asked Carried \"No,\" Jace replied They rounded the corner of the building and found themselves standing in the parking lot looking up at Avano's window. \"How did she survive that fall?!\" said Carrie Jace glanced around and spotted something in nearby dumpster. Walking a little closer he recognized what was in it and sticking out of it. \"That's how she survived,\" he said pointing to the dumpster. Walking closer, Carrie saw what he meant, in the dumpster were the remnants of two heavy duty awnings. \"I'll just bet that if we check we'll find that those Awnings were underneath the window that sue was thrown through,\" said Jace, \"But she hit those awnings and even thought they broke out from under her they slowed her fall enough to keep her alive.\" \"Then she must have been somehow able to pull herself to her feet and get away,\" said Carrie \"Right,\" said Jace, \"But the Question which way did she go? It rained the same night that she disappeared so their probably no blood trail.\" Carrie walked up to the dumpster and laid her hand on the material of the awning. She immediately saw a flash of the same form. This time she could make out blonde haired girl pulling herself up and half staggering and half dragging her left leg as she made her escape toward the nearby woods, the rain destroying the blood trail behind her. Carrie could also tell that she had something in her hand before the flash ended. Carrie came out of the vision. \"What did you see?\" asked Jace \"You were right about everything?\" said Carrie, \"Sue managed to survive because of the awning.\" She turned and pointed toward a Stand of trees on the other side of the road. \"She went that way,\" Carrie and Jace turned ran toward the stand of trees. After they got across the road they the eased their way into the woods their flashlight beams going this way and that. They went about fifty yards back into the woods when they came to a hidden sandy ravine. As soon as they peered down into the ravine they saw a figure laying motionless at the bottom of the ravine near a blackberry bush. Jace and Carrie took one look at each other and practically dove into the ravine. When they got to her they found that she was unconscious. Jace noticed to berry juice stains among the bloodstains on her shirt. \"Looks like she was eating blackberries to try and stay alive before she lost consciousness,\" he said. \"Yeah,\" said Carrie holding her hand above Sue's abdomen, \"I sense some internal bleeding, we've got to get her to a hospital fast!\" Activating their telekinesis, they levitated Sue and themselves up into the air and back to Jace's car. After they laid her in the backseat Carrie climbed in with her and held her steady while Jace drove as fast as he could to the nearest hospital. When Eleanor Snell received the call that Sue had been found alive. She broken down sobbing. Jace waited until she calmed down and told her to come to Atwater General Hospital. When she got there Sue was in surgery to repair the internal injuries she had suffered. The surgery was complete success but the doctor said that it was close of Jace and Carrie hadn't found Sue and gotten her to the hospital when they did she probably wouldn't have made it. A few hours later back in her room Sue opened her eyes. The first person she saw was her mother. \"Mom!\" she cried. Eleanor gently embraced her daughter. Sue hugged her back as much as she was able to with all the wires and IV's hooked to her. \"Mom,\" she said, \"How did you find me?\" \"I didn't,\" she said, \"I hired a couple of private Investigators, they found you and brought you here.\" \"I'd love to meet them,\" said Sue \"You already know one of them.\" Said a familiar voice. Sue's head jerked around at the sound of that voice. \"Carrie!\" she gasped \"Hello Sue,\" said Carrie shyly \"You found me?!\" Sue asked \"Me and My Partner Jace Pierson,\" she replied motioning to Jace \"Hi,\" said Jace \"Hi,\" said Sue, \"And Thanks I owe both of you my life.\" \"Forget it,\" said Jace, \"I'm just glad it ended this way.\" \"Jace,\" said Carrie, \"I know that we were only hired to find Sue and we've done that, but we can't just stand by and let Avano get away with this. He's scamming people out of there money and he tried to kill Sue!\" \"Don't worry Carrie,\" said Jace, \"There is no way that we're going to let Avano get away. Speaking of which.\" He turned to Sue. \"I'm Guessing that Avano tried to kill you because you found those dossiers in his office and realized that he was a fraud.\" Sue nodded, \"I felt like such a fool when I got home after I found those files,\" she said, \"That's when I slashed the poster of Avano in my room. I was still so angry at him and myself for being so gullible that I did very foolish thing after the next meeting I confronted him with my own dossier and that's when he attacked me and threw me out the window. I could barely believe I was still alive when I hit the ground but I knew had had to get away. So, I forced myself to my feet through the pain and a made for the trees the back weather that moved in covered my escape. Then my adrenaline wore off, the pain hit and I couldn't go any further. You know the rest.\" Just as Sue finished, Detective Jackson walked in. \"Hi, Steve,\" said Jace shaking hands, he turned to the Snells and explained. \"Mrs. Snell,\" he said, \"I called the police before you got here, I strongly suspect that Avano knows that Sue is still alive somewhere and is still looking for her. So, Detective Jackson is going to provide police protection until we can nail Avano.\" \"Well you're going to have to hurry,\" said Detective Jackson, \"I just heard before I left the office, that those two Gulf Shore boys that we had locked up were just bailed out by their lawyer and a buddy of mine at the courthouse tells me that the lawyer that got them out works for Avano too!\" TBC… Next the Grand Finale! Please Read and Review![Chapter 10] Carrie 10 Chapter 10 It was about 4:30 in the morning. And two sinister shadows could be seen scaling the side of the hospital building. They were on their way to Sue Snell's room on the 10th floor. Finally, after several minutes of almost noiseless climbing they reached the window. \"Really nice of the window cleaners to leave these cables here for us to use,\" he snickered \"Oh, stopped cackling,\" hissed his friend, \"We've got a job to do!\" Using a glass cutter, he cut a hole in the window big enough from him to reach through an unlock it. Sliding the window open, they climbed inside and sneered at the form lying under the covers in the bed. \"This is the easiest hundred grand we ever made,\" sneered the Cackler from earlier. He pulled out his silenced pistol and aimed it at the prone figure. As he squeezed the trigger they were suddenly lifted off the ground and thrown against the wall. The prone figure sat up revealing herself to be Carrie lying in Sue's bed. Her eyes were dilated. The door opened and Jace stood silhouetted in the light from the hallway. \"Remember us,\" said Carrie threateningly. The two would-be Assassins went wide-eyed. They aimed their guns at Carrie but the guns twisted sideways sharply. There was a sickening crack as the bones in their trigger fingers snapped. The two men cried out in pain and tried to flee, but just as they jumped up the glass topped table in the over by the chairs in the room shattered long thin glass shards shot across the room the room and pinned impaled the Assassins shoulders and pinned them to the wall! As the men groaned and grunted in pain. Their guns floated up in front of their faces and rounds chambered. \"Now,\" said Jace walking toward them, \"We can charge both of you with another count of attempted Murder and conspiracy to commit murder, and don't try that we don't know who hired us jazz because we won't by it a second time!\" \"What do you want,\" said the first man through gritted teeth and the pain he was in. \"What I want is for you guys to be smart,\" said Jace, \"With the charges we have against you, you're looking at 20 years, maybe more. However, if you turn states evidence against Avano maybe the judge will go easier on you.\" \"Think it over,\" said Carrie cocking her head to make herself look crazier \"All right, all right,\" they said, \"Almost in unison, we'll do it!\" The glass shards pulled out of the wall and the men dropped to the ground. Then Jace called the cops in, and they took the two would-be killers away, first to the doctor then to jail. Carrie climbed out of the bed and they walked down the hall to the room they had moved Sue to an hour earlier. \"How'd it gone,\" said Sue she, with the help of her mom had cleaned herself up and even styled her hair into its usual pony tail, \"well,\" she pressed, \"did it go alright I heard trouble!\" \"Nothing we couldn't handle,\" said Carrie with a grin \"Yeah,\" said Jace, \"Gulf shore Boys are finished! Now we go after Avano!\" Jace looked and Sue and then at Carrie. He smiled as an idea began to form in his mind. \"Carrie,\" he said, \"Can you copy Sue's hairstyle?\" \"I think so,\" she said, \"Why?\" \"Because I'm going to make a Mask from a mold of Sue's face,\" he said, \"By the meeting tonight Avano is going to think that Sue's dead and that he's home free. We're going to make him think that Sue has come back from the dead to get him! Carrie began to grin wickedly. ######## Avano was in rare form at his meeting that night. He was feeling like the cock of the walk sure that he was free of any threat of exposure now that Sue Snell was dead. Just as he was in the middle of a flashy Illusion the doors of the Auditorium began to rattle. Everyone looked around wondering what was happening! Suddenly the doors were thrown open and what appeared to be an undead, Pale as a ghost Sue Snell came walking slowly into the room. Her blouse was torn and bloody \"I have come back from the nether world to get you Avano,\" said the 'undead' girl, in an Eerie voice, \"You have angered the spirit world with your fraud and they won't let me cross the river Styx without you!\" The normally cocky Avano was now shaking, pale and terrified! \"No, No,\" he said, trying to run, \"You're Dead I had them kill you!\" he looked and his henchmen, \"Get her stop her!\" the men pulled out guns and started shooting. Avano's followers scattered to the corners of the room. The bullets were vaporizing before the they reached her. Courtesy of Jace who had climbed in the skylight and was hiding in the shadows of the rafters. The chairs, tables, and other things in the room began to fly around and knock into the guards until they were all out of action. \"You can't kill me, Avano,\" she said, \"I'm already dead!\" Avano's remain two guards were blown backwards. Avano ran for the doors to the auditorium. He pushed and banged on them but he couldn't get them opened. His followers slowly began to forget their fear of the apparent undead girl in their midst and wonder about the cowardly reaction of their once fearless leader. Avano was pulled backwards to land in the middle of the room. \"If you want a chance to save your soul before it's too late Avano, speak the truth,\" She said \"W-What T-truth?\" stammered the terrified con artist. \"Don't Play Games!\" she thundered, Avano's throne shattered and the jagged fragments began slamming into the floor making a trail that was edging closer to him \"You're a fraud! You're a Con Artist! And you're a would-be Murderer!\" Each sentence was emphasized by a shard of the throne jamming into the floor coming closer and closer. Suddenly the shards that were made of wood burst into flames! \"I'm a Fraud, I'm and Fraud, and everything else,\" he whimpered Covering his head, \"I couldn't let you tell anyone about the dossiers that I had on all my followers. I couldn't let them find out that I was milking them out of their money until I got everything I could from them! And I had try and get rid of those private eyes but the gulf shore boys failed!\" Suddenly everything stopped. \"Steve, did you get all that?!\" said another voice that belonged to Jace \"Loud and Clear.\" Came the reply. The doors opened and the cops came in and arrested the still whimpering Avano. As they were cuffing him. Carrie reached up and pulled off the latex mask she was wearing. \"What?!\" screeched Avano, \"she's one of those private detectives!\" \"You're not the only the only one who can Con people,\" said Carrie \"I guess it's true what they say,\" said Jace, hopping down from the rafters, \"the easiest person to con is a con artist.\" \"Well he won't be Conning anyone for a long time where he's going,\" snapped Steve. ####### An hour later Jace and Carrie Sat in Jace's office as they dictated their first report together. The Snell Case has been Resolved in the Very best way possible, Sue Snell was found alive. In another 24 hours she'll be out of the hospital and back with her family and daughter. Carrie White my brand-new partner is now a god mother! And Avano his cronies and what's left of the Gulf shore boys are going away for a long, long, time for the Con game and the attempted Murders of Sue, Carrie and Myself. Jace finished the report and took his headset off. He and Carrie walked out on the penthouse balcony. It was a beautiful evening with a full moon in the sky. Carrie was Silent for several seconds before she spoke. \"Jace,\" she said, \"I've made a decision.\" \"and that is?\" asked Jace \"I've decided on a vow. I vow that I am going to help someone for every innocent person who died at the black prom, I can't undo what happened their but maybe in doing this I can in someway atone for the innocent lives I ended that night!\" Carrie looked up at Jace a little apprehensively, \"Will you help me?\" she asked in a small voice. Jace smiled, lifted her delicate hand in his and kissed the back of it lightly. \"I'll be with you every step of the way!\" he replied The Moon that night looked down on two embracing figures. One a telekinetic private eye who had found the perfect partner and the other, a girl with a painful past who had found her path to Atonement. The End For now…. Well there it is. the grand finale of my story, thanks to everyone for the reviews and the follows and favs. Should I write a sequel? Let me know. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 The Agency Atwater, Florida a small town a few miles south of Orlando, and Headquarters o"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Into the Light","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12156220","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Whoah! Hey! New part! Whooho! Welcome to Into the Light, Part Two of Trust Me. Warnings: More-mature-than-in-the-movie!Oh, swear words, slightly-more-adult-than-in-movie!Tip, probably going away from canon... And yeah. Lucy's kind of a shipper. And fangirl. Fluff ahead! LOTS of it! Just sayin', uhm... the first three/four-ish chapters are, like... really fluff. A little bit of angst, maybe? Not quite sure... and then comes the last chapters, and they are a little bit more- humour? Or something? Let me add one more thing. I couldn't make a decent plot if my life depended on it... so yeah! This is all in the same universe, and they're all very close to each other (a few days/weeks between each 'shot')- a little bit like the movie, actually. Just that the movie has a plot. Yay. You know what, just... just move on. Read. I'm talking shite again. WAIT. WAITWAITWAIT. PLEASE tell me what you think about this? Pretty please? *orphan face* Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light – Chapter One, Blue and Yellow makes Green. Word count: 4871 It took about a week for Oh to finally get his shit together and tell Tip about what they were. The day was sunny, and outside, the basic jobs had started up again, like those working in food markets and those such things. They were sitting alone in Tip's living room, Tip in the couch and Oh opposite of her, in a dark red chair. Tip's Mymom, Lucy, had been gone for a while, buying food just a few blocks away, and the duo hadn't bothered doing anything else then sit down and talk. Just a few moments ago they'd been laughing their heads of, though really? Neither of them remembered why. So when they'd finally settled down, Oh'd known that it was the right moment, that if he didn't say it now, he'd never be able to. So he took a deep breath and steeled himself. «Gratuity Tucci,» he begun, and that got Tip's attention. Oh only used her name when it what he was about to say was very, very important. «Does humanspersons believe in soulmates?» he asked, and his voice quivered slightly. Tip's hand shot up to her chest, clutching at something the alien couldn't see, and her eyes widened in a brief moment, before she slowly removed her shivering hand. «Weeeel. It depends on who you're asking. Some people believe that they have a soulmate, whom is their perfect match. Why do you ask?» she answered, raising an eyebrow. Oh furrowed his own. «Does you?» She hesitated, and Oh's heart made rythmic thumb-thu-thu-thumb, thumb-thu-thu-thumb sounds, going faster and faster until Tip finally said «Yeah. But why do you ask?» she demanded, sitting upright in the couch, dragging her feet with her and settling down on them. Oh drew a sharp, short breath, slowed down time and quickly stocked his thoughts, stocked his words and prepared for war. «Boov… believes, in soulmates, because we know they are reality. Boov cannot to love, they do not do loving. It is not possible, for them. However, some lucky Boov haves a soulmates.» «Only about ones in a hundreds haves one, and only about ones in a hundreds of them finds their soulmates, because of the souls do not care about time, and not about space. Your soulmates can be anyone. Anything. For Boov, to have a soulmates means loving them. Boov can love their counterparts.» «Plus alsoes too, for Boov, being away from the soulmates brings hurt. Brings pain.» he finished off softly, and through this speach, thicker and thicker waves and stripes of blue and yellow began dancing over his skin, steadier and steadier as he prepeared for what was to come. Tip was confused, he could almost smell it. Oh looked down, studying his lap, trying to figure out if he should say something more. He didn't want to. And really, what else could he be saying? There were nothing else left to say. «Why are you telling me this?» Tip wanted to know, and now, suddenly, she was close, crouching in front of the chair Oh was sitting in, begging for his attention. «The colour of love,» Oh begun, folded his arms over his chest and turned his face around, ashamed, and closed his eyes, knowing full well that the stripes were covering his body. «It is pink.» He didn't have to watch to hear Tip's gasp, nor did he have to focus to hear her stumbling two steps bacwards, hitting her legs into the table behind her and growling a low 'ow'. She was stumbling a way from him, like he was a dissease, a sickness she didn't want to catch. It broke his heart slowly, building it up, and Oh knew the yellow was slowly disappearing, more blue taking its place, and had to fight back tears. Then, suddenly, something pressed lightly against the top of his head, and he spun around, shooting a bewilered look at Tip, who was watching him closely, only inches apart from his face. She kissed me, he realised, as the pink colour spread from where her lips touched his skin and bloomed over the fading stripes of blue, taking their places and changing him almost completely. And then she was gone, having quickly jumped over the table and retreated to the couch, and Oh was left confused. «Like that?» she whispered, and her voice nearly broke. Oh shook, his whole body shaking lightly. He couldn't read her feelings; they were deep, too deep, he didn't under stand he couldn't understand, and it was frustrating, and if he didn't get more control over his own feelings he would have a minor panick attack soon- He nodded, mutely. Tip looked like he'd just confirmed her worst nightmares, and fell down on the couch, turning around so she'd be laying on her back, closed her eyes and flung an arm over them. Oh watched her carefully, trying to bottle his own feelings and understand hers, giving her time to think and working on pushing time forward. Eventually, Tip removed her arm and clanced over at him. «I'm your soulmate?» she asked, her voice a hurried whisper. She sounded tired. Old. «Yes.» Oh said, and then, rushed on with «And I am yours.» This was important for him to make her understand; she wasn't stuck with him, he was stuck with her too, this wasn't one sided and if it hurt one of them it would hurt both. «How long have you known?» Tip demanded. «Since… since I ran away.» he answered, nervousness again growing, and the pink colour Tip had planted began fading away. His counterpart groaned, and he winced. «Tip, I-.» he started, not knowing exactly what to say after that, but Tip interrupted him. «Humans- humans don't think it has to be a romantical relationship- is that right?» she asked. Oh thought about it. No, for Boov, it was only romantical feelings in place, but what about with the humanspersons? He didn't know , and it hurt , not knowing, because Tip asked him, and- «It depends» he decided upon. «When you were alonely in Australia… how dids you feel?» Tip froze, and used a long, long time upon deciding herself, before she mumbled «I thought I was gonna die. My stomach hurt. My head hurt. My heart was racing and I could almost- almost not breathe. It was horrible.» It felt like someone had stabbed Oh with a knife and then twisted it around. Twice. It was his fault, leaving her alone like that- it's just not something you do , to your soulmate, and once again he was left clenching his teeth and wishing he was anything but Boov. Instincts, bloody, damn instincts. «I am sorry.» he told her, and really, really meant it. «For what?» Tip asked, bewildered. Oh squirmed in his seat. «That is not a humanspersons thing. It is Boov. Since I am Boov, it affected you. So, no. Boov has- romantic? Relationships. W… we, has, too.» he explained, and Tip's mouth fell open in a small 'o'. « That was what all that was about!» she cried, flapping her arms and sitting up in the couch. «Ph- physical distance, am I right?» Oh nodded, amazed at how quick she'd gotten it. «So… is there a way we can ignore this?» Tip wondered, in the same excited tone, and Oh's face fell. She didn't even want to be asocitated with him in thay way. Didn't even want to give it a try. He had to admit, his self-esteem sucked from before. He didn't need his soulmate to tell him to sod off. Seing his face, Tip quickly raised her hands. «Oh, no no no no no! I didn't mean I wanted to, but I'm curious, yeah?» Oh relaxed slightly, but did eye his soulmate suscpiciously. He didn't trust her on that just yet. «No. Ignoring it will make it worse.» he said. «Now, being away from you hurt only if it is a long way to you. But! after time, as we develop f-feels, it will bring hurt not to touch. Holding hands, yes, okay, it will cease, kissing, yes, okay, but even later?» He stumbled slightly, but didn't hesitate to keep it going. «We wills has to do… more. Stuff.» Tip turned slightly green. «Ah- o-okay. I… I see.» Oh opened his mouth to say something, but again, Tip interupted him. Her expression was unfocused, carefully blank, but her feelings… she was understaning something, something important, and- was that what humans called being 'mind-blown'? «Y-you said, pink was the- the colour of love?» Oh coloured slightly, but nodded his agreement. She would eventually figure it out, anyways. Tip went silent for a while, just staring at him, until she blurted out with «Oh, are you in love with me?», her mouth hanging agape in a small circle. He didn't hesitate. In reality, he really couldn't hesitate. «Yes.» He awaited everything. Anything. Expected anything. Hitting, kicking, yelling, crying, accusing or being abruptly left- but he hadn't thought about the outcome of Tip gasping with relief. «Oh, thank Merlin !» she exclaimed, throwing herself backwards into the couch, falling against the cuchions and laughing a breathy laughter. «I thought I was the only one!» Oh frowned, ignoring the strange wording. «Are you- in love with you?» «No, silly!» Tip smiled, rasing from the cushions trying to eat her. «I'm in love with you .» He gasped, time slowed down, and he was left to, yet again, watch his own body from the outside. He was white , white with shock . He'd never suspected her to say that; never, in his whole life. He'd never expected anyone to say that! «I've known that I was falling for you since we crossed the Atlantics!» That left him in silence. It was a- long, long time ago, or at least, so it felt. Is it really just a week ago? So they sat there, in silence, in a few seconds, staring into each other's eyes, looking into the depths and discovering things they'd yet to knowledge or think about. They would've said something, of course, if they could, but Tip's Mymom chose to burst through the door at that exact moment, with a loud bang and talking and laughing, and her simple presence broke the magic. «Hey, Tippy, help me with these bags, yeah?» she called from the hallway, causing Tip to blink confused. Tip shot up from the couch like something'd bitten her and went to help her mother. But before she reached the door into the hallway, she shot Oh a knowing look. We're not done with this conversation yet, that look screamed, and Oh answered with his own. You bet we're not. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Humming, Oh'd figured out, was an a mazing thing. Back on the Boov ship, you didn't simply sing. It wasn't a thing you did. It wasn't done, it simply wasn't . You could sing, alright, but only if you absolutley had to, or was good at it. If you were caught doing it, people weren't allowed to judge you, since singing in a group was the most important way of communication in the earlier days- but singing alone ? Na-ah. Not happenin'. Not a thing. Simply not a thing. Humming? It was worse. But, after Oh'd spent time down on Earthland, he'd figured out that humanspersons en joyed singing. And humming. Whatever. '…if you want the humans to like you, you could begin to like our stuff' She was his soulmate. He wanted to please her, goddammit! And he was going to. He wasn't exactly sure of what he was singing. Humming. Urgh. But it was nice, he liked the tempo and rythm he could feel grow steady inside of him. Right before the rythm hit its climax, Oh walked past an almost closed door, and a hand shot out from the room within. Before Oh could do anything about it, he was being dragged into the dark room, and before he could make any kind of sound, a well-known hand placed itself over his mouth. He relaxed slightly. Tip. Another hand covered his eyes, and he found himself being pushed into a sitting position on the floor. And then both hands were gone in the half of a second. Oh blinked owlishly at the room. The light was a dim, purple/pink-ish duse colour. They were sitting… under a carpet? Under a blanket? There were pictures and post-it papers scattered across the floor and on the walls, and in a few corners there were standing empty tin-cans or bags, who once had held food. Tip was sitting in the middle of it, a smug grin in place and her hair bouncing everywhere. Oh begun to smile, but then he got a glance at something behind her, and shot a look that way. There was a hanging, poorly drawn picture of a Boov. Its feet and hands were too long, but the worst part was the two words scrawled over the paper. Die, Boov . Not much further up, there was an almost empty paper. It was written one simple word on it: Boov. Around it, there was drawn a red circle. It looked like a 'stop' sign. Oh's smile turned into a scowl. Tip, following his gaze, turned around and looked at the pictures. Her confused face turned into a red tomato. «I- I'm sorry- this was my hideout in a week after you… uhm… invaded the planet. I was in a- foul mood.» she hurriedly explained, tearing down the pictures, ripping them appart, crumbling them together to small paper balls and then throwing them away with such fiercness it almost surprised him. Oh followed her every move. «It is okay» he reassured her. The reason he'd scowled was simple, but not the first to pop up in someone's mind, that's for sure. He wasn't mad at Tip, he was mad at himself and the Boov for making her feel like that. «Well, anyways.» Tip coughed. «You must wonder why I brought you 'ere-!» she exclaimed, deepening her voice and playing pretend, opening up her arms as if to signalize that this was her Evil Lair. «Are you seriously doing the Evil Monolouge to me?» Oh asked, smiling at his soulmate. She gave him a knowing look. «Maybe. But there is a reason I brought you here.» Oh mock-gasped. «Was it not to see my pretty face?» he exclaimed, and Tip snorted. «Noooo, not entirely.» Oh waited. «I- what… what's gonna happen now?» she finally managed to get out. Oh frowned. «Between us.» He shifted around for a little bit, considering. «Wel,» he croaked. As far as he saw it, there were four things they could do. The first one was to get together, boyfriend and girlfriend. Boovfriend? Anyways. Ignoring the bond completely. It would get worse over time, but as long as they stayed together, that wouldn't be a problem. If they didn't stay together… Well. He didn't want to think about that. Secondly, they could ignore everything completely. The bond, their feelings, everything . Oh refused. That was not gonna happen. Nah. Thirdly, they could get together and know about the bond, wait for the right moment and then seal it. It would happen eventually, but Oh was tired. Of waiting. The fourth one? Seal the bond there. and then. It would help their feelings grow steady in the right direction, and basically make them never want to leave each other. It made it impossible to leave each other. He liked the idea, but… Tip. «We coulds to seal the bond.» he tried, shooting her a questioning glance. She furrowed her brows. «What- would that do?» she asked carefully. Oh thought about it for a moment. There wasn't much stuff documented about this, so all he knew was the things he knew from other Boov. Though, there were one thing he knew for sure, being able to figure it out himself. «Close the eyes.» Oh said. Tip looked uncertain. «I am not going to do any of things to you. Just- close the eyes.» She did, and he took a deep breath. This was almost as meditating, he decided, and that made it a little bit better. «Focus. Think. Concentrate. What does you feel?» he asked. He knew it, of course, but if he told her, she'd never understand. She had to feel it herself before she could even believe it. She frowned in concentration, trying to do as Oh told her to. Then she gasped, and Oh smirked. «I- empty. H-hollow.» she whispered, and now she was confused. «It- it feels like I'm just- gone. And my thoughts are scattered, I don't know what's wrong, and my feelings are-! Oh, what's wrong with me!?» Oh stopped her abruptly by placing a hand on her knee. He knew what was going on, and if Tip didn't stop now she'd have a panick attack. He'd done it a few times the last week, trying to find out if he could feel that he missed something. The feeling she described was very much like the one he'd had, and he knew that the longer she kept it going, the worse it would get. Oh'd learned when to stop; Tip hadn't. «Sealing the bond would stop it. Fix it.» Oh told her, and Tip's eyes snapped open. «Fix it!» she croaked, and Oh froze for a short moment. Did she- had he gone too far? Had she been gone too long? Tip coughed lightly. «Wh-what else?» she asked, suddenly curious again, and Oh breathed relieved a hasty gasp. «We may- build a connection? With our heads-?» he said, wondering a little about it. In the few documents he'd found about sealing he bond, it was just saying they would have a connection , but it didn't explain much. Tip's eyes widened. «Like- you could read my thoughts?» «No!» Oh shrieked, and clamped his mouth shut, slapping a hand over it and staring at Tip for a moment. Then he closed his eyes again, sighed, and took his hand away. «And- if it dids, you coulds to read my too. But no, that is untrue. I- it is like- I do not know !» he cried, closing his eyes and taking deep breaths. Tip was staring at him, and he carefully blocked away her feelings. «This is not normality. This is not- simplicity. There is few information about this, and- it is not much. I do not know!» Tip carfully dropped her hands in her lap, and looked down at them. Oh studied her carefully. He'd flashed bright red there, for a second, biting around just air and going back to how it was earlier, and in a short moment he could remember fires and voices and animal hunting, singing , and he could feel leather against his skin. He shook his head. It wasn't often it happened to him, but sometimes, when he was acting wild or- or bar baric or something, he'd get short glances of what the Boov once was. He shot a thought at the Ithemba he still carried around. Tip looked up. Shrugged. «It's worth a shot.» she smiled, and Oh had to think a little bit to remember what they were talking about. Ah. «There will be no returning» he warned her. She shrugged again, a maniac and rebelling grin playing at her mouth, tugging at the corners of her lips. «I don't care. I'd love to try.» And so Oh smiled brightly. They were trying. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «Okay, so, right here, right now?» Tip asked just a few moments later. Oh noedded mutely, as he shuffled around a little bit, pushing things aside so they'd have a circle of cleanliness around them. «Will it hurt? Is it easy? How long time will it take?» Oh turned around, shot Tip a dirty look and checked his pocket to see if he had anything dangerous in it. Nope. Okay. They were about to begin. «Tip.» he said. «Gratuity Tucci.» The brown skinned, green eyed humansgirl who were every kind of alien to him, looked at him with trusting eyes. «Does you trust me?» he blurted out. She didn't hesitate. «Yes. Yes, I do.» she said. Oh breathed in, and then out. It wasn't a gasp, or a sigh, but it was closeness to both. Good. «Then. Close the eyes again.» Tip considered him, and he knew what she saw. What she was. He was as alien to her as she was to him, but yet, look at them. Sitting under a blanket. Loving each other and trusting each other. If any other Boov would be sitting there instead of Oh, that Boov wouldn't be looking at his counterpart, wouldn't be looking at his partner in crime and would definatley not be looking at their soulmate. If any human were there instead of Tip, she, or he, would be looking at an disgusting alien in weird clothing, with a steady growing pink colour tainting their skin. But they saw each other, not an alien. They saw their soulmate, their perfect fit, their second soul, and they couldn't do anything else then love the other. They saw past everything that separeted them from each other –skin colour, size, height, species - and found a life-long friend, lover and so absolutley just another being. In the other's eyes, they saw love. They saw trust. They saw hope , they saw past and present and future, and neither of them wanted to loose it. Tip's eyes fluttered close. She recognized the feeling now, and she was surprised at how deep it ran; but she was even more surprised when she realised she felt it, exactly how deep it ran. Oh took a deep breath. He'd never done this before. How was he going to do it? Very few Boov did it, in these times, but some young rebellions sometimes wanted to know how it was, and so they did it, but it wasn't often. But, the old ritual had its rules, and if Oh didn't follow them… bad stuff could happen. He leaned in slowly, trying not to startle the girl, and pressed his lips gently against her's. There were a short moment were Oh didn't get a reaction, a short, heartbreaking moment where he was sure that, of course she doesn't want this, she doesn't want this, she doesn't wish for this, she doesn't need this, doesn't want you- And then Tip let out a short gasp, and Oh realised he'd messed with time again when she, feeling the pressure against her lips, pressed back. It was- surprisingly nice, actually, to feel her lips against his own. It felt like coming home, it felt like he belonged there, as if those lips were made for him. And, in the back of his mind, he could feel her precense for the third time, pressing against him. He knew she didn't notice him, but he noticed her. He didn't reach out, didn't try to contact her, but he bathed and embraced the feeling of Tip just being there. When he broke it off, they were both panting slightly, and if they'd been done with the ritual, Oh'd just disappeared into a blissfull daze. But it wasn't over yet, and this was the part he both were excited and scared of. He finally managed to croak out the words he'd wanted to say for more then just a week- and actually mean them. «I love you.» he whispered, and looked into Tip's eyes, begging that she understood. She couldn't say anything else, not now, she had to- He knew the exact moment she did understand it. Her eyes widened briefly, her mouth opened slightly and Oh gave the smallest of nods to encourage her. She swallowed, and then, laying every ounce of feeling she could poure into it, she told him back- «I love you, too.» And then a lot of stuff happened at once. Oh had to slow down time and really focus to get it, but he did end up with a basic understanding. First of, a pair of white, glowing chains snapped shut around his and Tip's wrists, linking them together. Secondly, Tip whimpered slightly when the pink-ish light turned off, and the only source of light was the white chains. Thirdly, Tip took both of his hands in hers, so the chains would hang in between them and not being stretched over a distance. Forthly, he squeesed her hands when she whimpered, because all of this happened at the same time. «Oh?» Tip whispered, the white light playing over her face, creating shadows in the hills and dales, marking a landscape and playing her life-story in her eyes. Oh couldn't do more then whisper a slight 'sh', because he was begining to feel- different. Just- different. He couldn't explain it, it felt like his thoughts just kind of- left him? A blue, glowing orb slid out of his chest, at the size of a ping-pong ball. Tip gasped slightly, and then another orb slid out of her chest, slightly larger, at the size of a tennis-ball, and it was a deep yellow, almost orange. Oh was breathless. Awed. He'd heard about this, slightly, at least- «Are those…» Tip whispered, and her voice sounded flat. When Oh glanced up at her, her eyes looked dead. Like there were no emotion in them, none of that usual playful-ness. «Our souls, yes.» Oh finished, and his voice sounded blank, too, even if he could hear the awe dripping of them like chocolatte. And then the orbs began moving towards each other, at a slow, steady pace. Tip eyed them carefully, while the only thing Oh did, was looking at her. And then, Oh knew she'd realised what it was doing. Their souls would melt together, and then part. He knew it, though how was a different answer. The two orbs met in the middle, and Oh could feel the warmth radiating from them, studying each other and discovering their deepest secrets. And then they hit each other, and, without hesitating, melted into each other, blending, and Oh could feel a slight tug at his stomach. Deep, deep down in his throat, a low growling sound began to bloom. «Oh!» Tip whimpered at him, and he tried to stop the sound. It didn't stop. Rather, it began with Tip, too, and she blinked rappidely. Oh shrugged lightly, just as the colour of the orbs changed from blue and yellow to a dark green, forest green, moss green, beautiful green. Oh smiled lightly as the orb split into two parts, and looked up, only to find Tip staring at him. She looked desperate, and scared, and Oh felt slightly guilty for putting her in this situation; she was scared, and he knew it. And then the orbs hit home, drifted into his and Tip's chest again, and his ability to think rushed back into him. He gasped, just as the same time as Tip did, and the chains disappeared, faded away. Tip fell against him, and he cought her on instinct. He could feel her, now, at the back at his mind, pushing him, believing in him and knowing him. He didn't feel much different, but different, he felt. «Oh?» Tip whispered from where her face was burried in his chest. He nodded gently, knowing she could feel him but not see him. She looked up, reached up, and when Oh met her gaze his heart almost stopped. Her eyes were a shade deeper, and they were blinking, shimmering and sparkling, and she was actually happy . He couldn't resist- he had to kiss her, and so he did, pushing his lips gently against her's, and her precense in his mind doubled. Wow, she thought, and kissed him back. It was a slow, gentle yet meaningful kiss, and Oh had to answer her. Yeah, I know. Tip froze slightly, pulled away and looked into his eyes. She was searching after something, though he did not know what. «Was that you?» she whispered, and her eyes lit up when he nodded slowly, a smile spreading his lips. She kissed him, and before he could really answer, she was talking to him again, in her mind. You can hear me? Load and clear. Tip pulled away again, smiling widely, before she slowly sat up on her knees, her whole body basically sparkling . «That's so cool!» she said, and laughed. Oh smiled at her, dragging himself up, and shooting a short glance at his hands, he saw they were burning a deep, hot pink. It'd worked, and he didn't realise it before now. The smile he already was smiling grew slightly, and he had to take deep breaths to not go JoX again. It worked! They'd sealed the bond, he knew it, he could feel her- the path they'd chosen couldn't be anything but hard, but they would get through it, they would get through it and onto the other side. Oh knew they would. ‑ End Chapter One-[Chapter 2] A/N: Have I seriously forgotten to tell you that I have no Beta and that I'm sorry for any mistakes? *sigh* I am a terrible author. Thank you for the nice reviews! *sends love to all* So, this chapter is from Lucy's point of view. And she's a bloody shipper. Live with it. I'm planning on updating every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'll try, at least. Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light – Chapter Two, Lucy Tucci, Mymom Word Count: 3396 Lucy Tucci, Gratuity Tip Tucci's mother (also known as Mymom, by a certain alien), was standing in a corner and sipping coke from a wine-glass. There was a party going on, with Boov and human alike invited. It had been really fun! And when all the Boov started dancing , something straight out of a movie, the party had kicked up to reach new heights, though it took someone two hours to finally pick up their cellphone and get started some slow music. So now, Lucy was the only one who wasn't dancing. It'd taken time, of course it had, but enventually, people started pairing up. Both human and Boov. It didn't seem like the Boov actually wanted to, but they still did it when Oh silently pushed two of them onto the dance floor. (Lucy personally found that hilarious) Some human pairs were also dancing, and the difference between the two species was shocking. Where the Boov prefered to spin their partner across the room in wide circles, dancing in circles and spinning in circles, the humans almosts stood perfectly still, only moving slightly. Lucy let her gaze slide over the crowd, not really looking, until her eyes landed on her own daughter. In a short moment, she was shocked out of her good skin. But then she got her shit together, because of course, if it would happen, it would happen now and it would be Tip doing it. Of course. In the middle of the 'dance floor' there was a circle left without people, and the Boov in the room kept pushing glances in that direction, looking both smug and knowing. A human and a Boov were dancing together, in something that seemed like part Boov dance and part human- spinning in small circles around their axes like a human, and the two of them moving in a wide circle like a Boov. Tip (because she was the human) was resting her hands on Oh's shoulders (because he was the Boov), and he was resting his hands on her waist. They were both looking into each other's eyes. The weird part wasn't that they were dancing together; it was the fact that they seemed to be moving without thinking about it, one of them eventually spinning the other to the other side of their small circle and then quickly catching them again- they weren't speaking to each other, but yet they moved in unison like they knew exactly how to do it, and they were extremely coordinated. They weren't speaking, but yet they seemed to be communicating, as one of them sometimes would raise an eyebrow, raise both, frown, smile, smirk, grin, chuckle or the one time Tip burst out laughing and Oh had to hold her up with a smug expression. It should've probably seemed weird that the two of them were dancing, or how they were dancing, but it really didn't, and, well. With the gorgeous pink colour Oh wore, the dance was simply marvelous. Lucy wasn't quite sure about it, but it seemed like all the Boov were sending the pair smug eyes, smug looks, and when she compared the human dancing or Boov dancing to the one her daughter was practicing, she noticed that the Boov didn't have the same flow to their dance, they didn't seem to enjoy it as much as her daughter dancing with an alien. Nor did the humans. She decided, right there and then, that she was going to keep an eye out on the two of them. She was determined to find out exactly what was going on. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE The first thing Lucy noticed, was actually happening just the next day. Tip's school hadn't started up yet, and would probably not do it for the next month or so, so she was at home, together with Oh, sitting at their dinner table and drawing. At first, it seemed to be pretty innocent. Well, when Lucy took a deeper look into it, she frowned and focused more about what they were doing. Both she and Oh was drawing at opposite sides of the table, looking at their own drawings. It seemed like they were talking about the Slushious and possible upgrades. It seemed pretty innocent, that, too. Well. That was before Lucy heard what they were saying. Tip was using words Lucy herself had never learned, so Oh had probably teached them to her. Fair enough. Well, sometimes, they finished each other's sentences, and a few times they spoke in unison. And when Lucy leaned in to check on what they were drawing, she noticed something that was downright scary. Both her daughter and Oh had been drawing the exact same thing, at the exact same moment, the exact same places. Both of them'd taken notes while drawing, and the only difference Lucy could find was their handwritings. Everything else was just the same. «Yes, of course!» the pair said, and looked up at each other for the first time since they'd begun drawing, and erupted in laughter. However, when Oh noticed that Lucy was staring at them like they'd grown a second head, he touched Tip's hand, and the next moment the pair of them had grabbed their drawings and ran for it. Huh . LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE The next great thing was actually just a few days later. After the drawing incident, Lucy'd heard the pair both finish each others impossible sentences and speak in unison. Sentences you're not supposed to say in unison, like «Pass the butter, please!». And then there was this once when they were eating breakfast, and Tip had her mouth full of food, grimacing slightly. Oh'd nearly laughed his Boov-end off, before he casually asked Lucy if she could pass him the salt. She did, and the next thing he did was pour salt over Tip's food. Tip shot him a greatful look and gave him a thombs up. And that was weird, because not even Lucy knew how Tip wanted to spice her food; merely because Tip'd never let Lucy do it. Anyways! Back to the event. Lucy'd gone into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee, but she stopped abruptly when she saw Oh. He was leaned against the kitchen wall, his arms crossed over his chest and his eyebrows furrowed in a concentrating scowl. «No, not like that.» he said, and Lucy stopped still in her tracks again, just as she opened a cabinet. But, as it turned out, he wasn't speaking to her. «Higher up, the chair needs to be tall!» he mumled, and Lucy, almost following an instinct, dropped everything in her hands and ran to Tip's room, poking her head in. True enough, her daughter had the lights off, and she was wearing the same kind of frown as Oh. There were blankets all over the room, and it seemed like she was building another fortress. She was holding a chair, lifting it slightly and pushing it inwards so it stood on another, more steady, one. «Like that?» she asked, and the next moment Lucy was in the kitchen again, studying Oh. He smiled lightly, and said «Yes! Yes, just like that.» Lucy'd sunken down in a chair in the living room; the fact that her daughter and an alien was speaking to each other in different rooms was too much for her to consider. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Tip's heart key was missing- it was a necklace going back in generations, and Lucy'd gotten it from her mom when she was five, so Tip'd gotten it when she hit the same age. Lucy'd preapered her for the 'speech' («This is the key to my heart; when you need me the most, use it ») and everything! The necklace was a simple, small silver key, made so one end formed a heart and the other was the actual key. It was made so it would never fit with any lock, but when it was needed the most- it worked. Lucy prefered not to think too much about how it did, though. She'd always get a headache. When you married, you would give the key –in a thin, silver chain- to the one you married. Alas, when you were sure who you would live the rest of your life with. Or, if you got children before marriage, you gave it to them when they turned five. Or, of course, if you had children after marriage. So, if Tip missed it- it could mean three things. One, she'd gotten children five years ago and raised them in silende. Alas, hilarious and very not likely to happen. Two, she'd secretly gone into marriage, also unlikely. Three, she'd lost it. Or, as a fourth arrangement; she'd found her guy, her prince charming, and some weird reason made it sure that they could never part. Personally, Lucy hoped it was the fourth, but thought it was the third. She wouldn't speak to Tip about it, of course not, but she actually hoped it would be Oh. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE When Lucy a few days later cought a glance of silver around Oh's neck, and then, later, found him fiddling with a small key, burning a bright pink (he'd stuffed it into his pocket as soon as he saw her of course), she knew there was a god. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE It was a nice day, and Lucy had sendt Tip to the shop only a few blocks away to buy some milk and bread. Currently, both Lucy and Oh were sitting in the living room, Oh curled up in a chair and Lucy sitting in the couch drinking coffee. They were, for the most part, sitting in silence. Or more correctly, they weren't speaking to each other. Oh was sitting, curled up in the chair with his six legs drawn up to his chest, his arms around them and his face facing downwards, and muttering under his breath. Lucy didn't manage to pick up anything, but he left in pauses, and once or twice he chuckled or burst out laughing. It was kinda funny to watch, how his face and body language changed so quickly. It was because she was studying him she discovered the change. His whole body very suddenly froze, he himself froze, and in the next moment he was standing on the floor, almost jumping up and down on the spot, glowing bright yellow. «Shit.» he muttered, and Lucy rose from the couch, because Oh never swore. Not ever, not for any reason. At all. And then he was running, and he was running quickly. Lucy barely managed to throw a jacket very quickly on, jumping into her shoes before she rushed after him. «Oh! What's going on?» she cried as she ran down the stairs leading to ground level. When she sprung out of the building, Oh was running down the nearby streat, and running fast. «Oh!» she cried after him as he ran even faster, still glowing yellow, with orange stripes bouncing over his skin. «Tip!» he called back, never slowing the least, and Lucy had a hard time keeping up with him. She wasn't going to question how he knew it was something about Tip, figuring she didn't want to know. Not yet, at least. Eventually, the alien slowed down to an abrupt halt, panting only slightly, his wide, blue eyes searching madly around him. Lucy noticed, first now, that they were standing in front of the shop she'd asked Tip to go to. «Where are you!?» Oh cried to no one in particular, but apparently, he got an answer. He ran, yet again, and ended up behind the shop, between two containers full of rubbish. And yes, there she was. Tip. And she looked horrible. She was laying on the ground, gasping and panting, with tears running down her cheeks. She was bleeding from her head, and she had one arm cradled close to her chest, her legs drawn up close to herself. Lucy's beautiful daughter was leaning slightly against the red brickwall behind her, but that was everything she had to steady herself with. Oh gasped, turned white a brief moment and then deep blue before he ended up on the ground next to Tip, his nose uncurled and hanging limp. «I am so sorry!» he whispered, looking desperate. He didn't seem to know what to do, refusing to touch her but at the same time he looked like he was being dragged towards her. Tip's right leg seemed to be out of proposition, but her tears had stopped flowing down her cheeks now. Lucy, being frozen until now, dragged her phone out of her pocket and quickly called after help. Shortly after, she got the message that the ambulance was on its way, and she turned around to look at the pair behind her. Tip was sniffing slightly, beaming up at Oh even in her pain. Lucy frowned. «It's not your fault.» Tip whispered. Oh panted again, trying to even his breath but failing. «I- Tip, what shall I do?» he asked, confused and in pain. «It's better now, that you're here.» Tip insisted, as she slowly removed her hand from her chest. It seemed broken, but they couldn't know for sure. Oh's face changed slightly, and orange and yellow stripes began pulsing over his skin, colouring his worry. «Tip, please, I-.» Tip laughed, a low, breathy laugh, but Oh seemed to soften up. «Hug me, you idiot.» And Oh- Oh gasped, in relief, and threw himself into her arms, holding her tight. Lucy noticed Tip was holding him at least as tight, and with only one hand- the other one was probably hurting too much to be in use. The Boov was shaking, and he was still panting, gasping after breath, and Tip sobbed lightly into his shoulder, the pair of them screwing their eyes shut. Lucy could only stare at them, all the while until the ambulance finally arrived. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «What's wrong with her?» «She's hurt pretty badly. It seems there were some kind of- attackers? Miss Tucci didn't see who it was, but she's fairly sure there was three males. Three human males.» «Yes, but what's wrong with her?» «She has a mild concussion. Her right hand is broken, and her right leg is also broken. They're both pretty clean and easy to fix up, but she has to be here in maybe two weeks.» «Okay… okay, but- why am I not allowed to come in to her? I'm her mother!» «Miss Tucci is sleeping, Mrs Tucci. I'm sorry to tell you this, but your precence would disturb her.» «But- but the Boov, Oh, he's in there- is he allowed and I'm not?» «Mr. Oh is a- different case, Mrs Tucci. We're not sure why, but when he's in the room, or even better, in physical contact with your daughter, it seems she's sleeping better. H- healing. Better. And if we remove him from her- from her room, for that matter, they both- erupt in pain.» «Erupt in pain-? But-.» «We don't know why, but both of their heart rythms pick up, they find it harder to breath and while Mr. Oh gets a bad case of stomachache, Miss Tucci gets a throbbing headache and her heart threatens to stop. Mr. Oh doesn't want to explain, but if we are to trust his word- they could both die, being separated.» «O-okay. Fine. I'll just… drink some coffee, then? How long will she sleep? Can I- can I talk to Oh?» «I'm sorry, but as I said, your precence- or anyone else's, for that matter- would disturb her sleep. And Mr. Oh's. Feel free to drink all the coffee you want, Mrs Tucci. How long she sleeps, we're not sure of.» «Oh's asleep too?» «Yes.» «Oh. I'll just- coffee. Coffee. Okay, thanks, I- could someone contact me when Tip wakes up?» «Of course, Mrs Tucci.» «Thank you.» LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE One week and five days later, Tip came home again. School was starting up in just a few days, but since Tip was right-handed and in a wheelchair, none of the Tucci's considered to send her to school just yet. For Lucy, it seemed like Tip and Oh spendt more and more time together- one time, she found them in a part cute, part awkward position: Oh was sitting on Tip's lap, in the wheelchair, relaxing his head on her shoulder, glowing a bright pink. The pair didn't know she was watching, of course, but Lucy found it adorable and ran to fetch her camera, snatching a picture from the crack of a door. Tip was resting her own head on top of Oh's, her eyes closed and her good arm wrapped around his shoulders. They weren't speaking together, but they rarely did, nowadays. Lucy was working on a theory that they maybe were more then just friends- scratch that, they definitaley were more then friends- more then- a couple, or whatever they were. Soul-bonded? Mind-bonded? She wasn't sure, but she would eventually figure it out. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Lucy was a big fan of Tip's room now. Tip had, with the help of Oh, turned her whole room into a blanket fortress with three separate parts. When you came into her room, you entered a darkened world, existing with deep red, deep pink and deep purple as the colours. The lamps giving the light were Boov lamps, impossible to warm up. Tip's former bed had been removed, and now they used her bed frame as a table in the first part you came into. It was the largest one, with the bed frame as a table, a glowing orb hanging in the roof glowing red and a chair in one corner. On the walls (also blankets) there were placed several hand drawn pictues, included the couple's plans for the Slushious. If you moved further in, you came into the next two parts. These were a little bit smaller, not much, but a little. The first one you came to face, was the place Tip actually slept. With the help of Boov technology, they'd managed to make a blanket hover in place about a meter above ground level. In one corner, Tip'd thrown in a collections of sacco-sacks, all in different shades of blue. On top of the sacco-sacks, she'd placed down her covers and a few pillows. In another corner, there was a bookshelf filled to the brim with history and fantasy books. Above all this, a forest green orb was hovering and casting light around the whole 'room'. To the right in Tip's 'sleeping chambers', you could follow a flight of stairs onto the next level and last room. It was buildt so Tip, from her sleeping place, could look up at it, and if you were to stand up there, you could as easily look down at her. That was where Oh was sleeping; neither of the youngest allowed Lucy to even consider checking how it was up there. Lucy suspected that Oh didn't sleep there at all; but she didn't voice her concerns. If it actually was like she thought, that was no problem. She'd seen the two of them together; if they shared a bed (as long as they only shared a bed and didn't do anything else, thank you very much.) and the result was this closeness between them, they could share all the beds in the world! As long as her little Tippy was happy, Lucy would also be. Who cares if her daughter was dating an alien? As long as Tip was happy with it, Lucy was perfectly fine with the relationship. -End Chapter Two-[Chapter 3] A/N: Bo! HA! GOTCHA! ...okay. Just... just keep reading, okay? Yeah. Good... boy. Girl. Whatever. Here you go, christianqeenofegypt! MOVING ON! Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light, Chapter Three, Beneath the Stars Word Count: 3046 «So, Oh? Which one?» Tip asked, smiling softly at the alien. He frowned, pressing his face even closer to the glass, making his soft flesh flatten. His soulmate was still sitting in a wheelchair, so it was quite a problem to move her around, but they managed. «Oh?» Tip repeated. Behind the glass, it was a room full of small kittens. They were in all colours and shapes, sizes and genders. Oh frowned again; it was so hard to choose! Each of the animals had their own personality; each of them had their own life- he couldn't possibly choose himself! How did Tip do this? Then he got an idea. «Is it possibility to go inside?» he asked. The owner of the pet shop nodded and left to get the key to the door. «What are you doing, Oh?» Tip asked him, shooting him a confused and curious look. Oh turned around and smiled at her, feeling the well-known warmth blossom in his chest. «I am to letting the cat choose me.» he told her, and she smiled fondly at him. He smiled back. «Why?» she asked suddenly. Oh frowned. It would be too hard to tell her in words- so, naturally, he walked over and placed his forehead on her arm. Since Tip always wore singlets these days, seeing as it was the easiest to put on, her arms were bare. Boom. Skin to skin contact. Tip chuckled. Okay, so why do you want the cat to choose you? she asked again. What if the cat I want doesn't want me? What if it doesn't want to live with a Boov, but a human? Maybe it wants to live with a female Boov, or just another male Boov. I don't wish to make it do something it doesn't want to, he explained as he closed his eyes, concentrating on their connection. Oh, JLo , Tip sighed happily. Oh froze for a moment. Why did she use his captain name? But then he realized it and felt utterly stupid. To say, or even think, 'oh, Oh,' just sounds ridiculous. Tip gently placed her own head on top of his, and whispered –carefully, so her Mymom wouldn't hear her- «I love you, you know that?» Immediately, Oh turned pink. He did that so very often now these last days, almost by just looking at her. He whispered back, still with his eyes closed, «Do I? Yes, yes I do. I loves you, too, Tip.» If Tip'd been a Boov, she would've turned pink there and then. Oh smiled brightly. It still amazed him that he made her feel like that, even after they'd been together for almost five weeks. He looked up, and shot a look through the shop- Lucy was looking very pointedly away from them, staring at a poster, and the manager still wasn't back. Besides that, they were alone. He smirked at Tip, who smirked back. It would've been just a quick peck on the lips, but Tip, obviously, had other plans, and in a few seconds Oh found himself in an oh, so familiar position. On Tip's lap. The pair chuckled lightly, breathily, as they broke the kiss and Oh leant his head on Tip's shoulder. She sneaked her arm around his waist, and then they just sat like that, in silence, for a while. Oh exhaled slowly, and embraced the feeling. He'd promised himself he'd never take Tip for granted, because he knew she wasn't. This was something they often did; just. Sit there. Relax, or sometimes talk. The art of a relationship isn't being able to fill the silence with words any time possible- the art of a relationship is to be able to have the silence. And be comfortable. There were times where Oh had to stop, a little bit, and try to explain how much he loved Tip. It seemed impossible, they'd only known each other in about six weeks- but he'd fallen for her, and he'd fallen hard. Yet, it seemed impossible for him to love her so much, even though he'd fallen hard. Anyways. Every time he stopped and tried to explain it, he noticed his loss of words. So, naturally, he had to use actions instead. So he did, and he used every opportunity to do it. Tip stirred lightly, noticing his change of time. Oh , she accused, and Oh opened his eyes to shoot her a sheepish grin. Sorry . Tip smiled and rolled her eyes before she again closed them. It's okay. They'd gotten the hang of their connection pretty quickly; if they were in physical contact, they could speak to each other in their heads. If they weren't, they could speak aloud and push the words through the connection so the other could hear (it would be just as if the speaker stood next to the listener). Tip had, now, an ability to feel what other beings were feeling (like Oh could, just to a much smaller degree), and if Oh wanted to, he could strengthen that ability if he focused. If Oh wanted a minute to feel like an hour, he could make Tip feel it as well, and if one of them relaxed and focused at the same time, they could see through the other's eyes. Hooray for soul-bonds! Oh, how I love this. *gleeful fangirl shriek* The soulmate's peaceful moment was disturbed when the door the manager had disappeared in earlier burst open, and the woman literally fell through it. While Lucy hurried over to her to help her up, Oh scrambled out of Tip's lap and fell face first onto the floor. «Ow pain» he mumbled quietly. The manager panted heavily and had to lean against the wall, clutching something to her chest. She looked like she'd seen a ghost, but before anyone could ask her, she kicked the door closed with a loud bang. «I got the keys!» she cried and held up a single key, like it was some war trophy. Tip and Oh shared a look, before they shrugged. Not long after, Oh found himself on the other side of the glass, standing amidst all the cats. He grinned widely, walking slowly and carefully into the middle of the room, where he sat down. The cats didn't care at all; the only notice they took of him was that they recognized him as an object, moving around him, running in packs, alone, sitting, sleeping, playing, plain walking- They did everything you can imagine. Oh just- sat there, for a while, looking at the cats. It was then he noticed a tiny, little ball of fur- it was moving towards him, dancing through the masses, keeping its eyes down all the time. Oh studied it as it came closer. It had long, white, fluffy fur all over its body. When it finally reached Oh, it looked up and met his eyes- Oh drew a shaky breath and swallowed. The white cat had one green eye and one sparkling blue, and Oh couldn't for it; he had to compare the green colour to Tip's- and found them to look eerily the same. Without further ado, it jumped onto his head, lay down and began purring. Oh gasped slightly when he felt another presence nudge his own- it was far away, almost only an echo, but it was there. It was the cat. Surprised, he reached after it. The white ball of fur stirred on top of his head, and the presence tried to reach after him too. Sadly, they were too far away from each other to actually meet, but it was there, and it warmed Oh's heart. A wide grin threatened to split his face as he rolled his eyes upwards, trying to get a glimpse of the female cat. «Tippy!» he exclaimed, and pushed it through his and Tip's connection. Outside, Tip burst out laughing, achieving odd looks from both Lucy and the manager. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «So.» Oh begun, petting Tippy as she crawled onto his lap and begun purring. Tip looked up from her book to shoot him a glance and raised an eyebrow. «I has been forgotten to ask you,» he told her and looked up, meeting her green eyes with his own blue. «Shoot.» He fiddled a little with Tippy's fur before he sighed. «Can humanspersons… to expload heads?» he asked. He'd been wondering about that; his whole journey he'd thought so. Tip burst out laughing. Okay, so that was a no then. Oh scowled at her as she had to rise her injured arm in fear of it being harmed more. «Tip.» he warned, but it only seemed to amuse her more. It took almost forever, but finally, Tip sucked down a deep breath. «Ah- I'm sorry, Oh, but-.» And then she burst out laughing again. Oh groaned and glared at her, but his skin colour gave him away; he wasn't angry. Finally he gave up the fight with his own body, a corner of his mouth peaked upwards and in the next moment he was laughing too. And that was all it took for the pair to be laughing for a pretty long while afterwards. When Oh was about to calm down, Tip's Mymom decided to peak her head into the room with a baffled expression, causing Oh to burst out laughing again. But! When Lucy only smiled, shook her head and closed the door again , Oh ended up on the floor, wheezing after air while he was laughing. Yeah, Tip and Oh had funny times together. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE The couple had decided that they wouldn't exactly hide their relationship, but they wouldn't throw a speech or anything. Though, they would be more careful around humanspersons than Boov, of a simple reason. The Boov would… if not understand, then accept, their relationship because they'd learned about soulmates from a very young age- in fact, just right after they were born. If a Boov saw them together, they'd accept it as what it was- love. However, if a human saw them together, things would go straight to hell, and the humans would say that the whole soulmate idea was just a bad excuse for doing a disgusting thing. So, obviously, they were very careful about going public. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Eventually, Tip's arm and leg healed, she got out of the wheelchair and begun walking again. It was a little hard in the beginning, but she managed, much to the joy of Lucy and Oh. Tip enjoyed being able to finally hug the Boov with both arms and the ability to actually walk around where and when she wanted to. To the amusement of Lucy, it was just a few days before a new vacation broke out, so no one expected Tip to go to school in these few days. Hooray for holidays! Oh'd been in pain the whole time, being forced to see his soulmate in a wheelchair every day, but when she finally got out, Lucy had to carefully remove him from Tip's legs. Later, he was greatly ashamed by this, but Tip laughed so much she was crying. Tippy was suddenly scared of Tip, seeing as the female cat had never seen the human move around without her wheelchair- it must've been a shock, but, eventually, the cat got used to her. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «Tip!» Oh wheezed and nudged his soulamate gently in her shoulder. The brown-haired girl didn't even stir in her sleep, and Oh sighed. Sometimes, she could be so adorable- scrap that. She was adorable. At all times. Slowly, he reached up and gently caressed her cheek with his hand, murmuring Tip at their contact. Her mental state stirred, tearing her out of her dream. She wasn't awake, but she could still talk to him. Oh? she whispered. Mentally, she groaned and stretched. Oh smiled, his expression going all soft. I've got something I want to show you he told her, and that brought her into a fully awake state. Her eyelids fluttered open, and she beamed up at him. «Good mornin'.» she whispered. Oh chuckled lightly. «It is about the middle night, but… good morning.» Slowly, Tip sat up on her knees and rubbed at her eyes. «Now, what is it that you want to show me?» A short while after, Tip had slid into a jacket (she was wearing a night gown, of course) and a pair of soft shoes to go with it, while Oh'd blindfolded her with a piece of fleece cloth. He led her into the passenger seat in the Slushious, throwing her excited glances all the time. Jumping slightly in his seat, he sucked in a large breath and smiled widely. «Off we goes.» he said, and then… they were off into the night. It was a beautiful night, with few clouds on the sky and a bright half-moon towering over them, watching over them and the few stars visible. Oh had to focus on breathing every time he caught a glimpse of Tip next to him- in this lightning, she was truly beautiful, and no one could deny it. «What is it ?» Tip asked, when he, yet again, turned around to look at her and sucked down a large breath. He blushed. Of course she'd notice it; she was Tip! «It-.» he stammered, and Tip chuckled slightly, reaching out her hand towards him blindly, searching after him. Oh removed a hand from the wheel, took hers and guided it gently to his head. When they made skin contact, Tip sighed blissfully. Now, tell me. He took a deep breath. He was going to say it out loud- it wasn't often he did, it was embarrassing and everything, but now, in the night, beneath the shining moon, with only the two of them- he stopped the car and turned to look at her, taking her hand away from his head and bringing it up to his mouth, kissing her knuckles gently. «You are beautiful, Tip.» he managed to say, and Tip shook lightly in her seat. It was kind of weird, actually- they'd both said it so many times, the last few weeks (I love you, you're beautiful, you're so cute, adorable-), but still… every time he said it to her, every time he muttered these words, she seemed to take it like it was the first time, like these words meant everything to her. As if- as if he was- slowly, Tip took her other hand, and reached up to take off her soft blindfold. Her green, startling eyes (who'd changed into a slightly darker shade after they'd sealed the bond, matching their soul colour) blinked at him, full to the brim with tears. «Oh.» she said, and her lips turned into a small smile. He knew she didn't mean his name. She sobbed lightly, and a few tears prickled down her cheeks. «You're looking at me like I'm a sunray.» she whispered. Oh stopped. No, no he wasn't- that was wrong in so many ways. However, she was looking at him like he was the sky at night, like he was glowing with the dull light of many, many, many stars, like he was something oh, so beautiful- He closed the distance between them, placing a short, quick kiss at her lips. «No.» he said, and kissed a teardrop on her right cheek. «I am not.» Teardrop on the left cheek. «Sunrays burns, they hurts.» he whispered, pushing her hair away from her face with one hand, steadying himself with the other. He looked into her eyes for a long while, drowning himself in the depths of the green colour. She looked confused, but held his gaze. He was still holding the torch, apparently, as she found herself speechless. «I look at you like you are the moon, lighting up the sky and to give hope.» he told her, and pressed his lips against her own again. She didn't have time to react or answer as he drew back as fast as he came. «I look at you like you are my everything. Like you are my world, my universe. I look at you like I love you.» Never letting go of her gaze, he slowly found her hand, and, again, brought it up to his lips and kissed it lightly. «My looks do not betray me; I love you, Tip.» At this point, Tip burst into tears, using her other hand to cover her mouth. Oh drew back, in a short moment desperate, wondering what he did wrong. He didn't have a long time to wonder about that, though, as Tip flung herself at him, wrapping her arms around him and holding him tighter than ever before. ' You're alive!' ' Oh!' '… scared me so bad !' He pushed away the flashbacks and hugged her back, turning an even deeper shade of pink. «I love you, too!» Tip cried between her sobs, and Oh held her as if he'd never let go. After a while her sobs faded, and Oh reached after her in his mind, gently touching her to see if she was awake. She wasn't, and it warmed his heart so unbelievably much that she actually allowed herself to fall asleep in his arms - it was probably just him being 'such a Boov' again, but if it meant much to him that she put herself completely at his mercy, then it meant much to him . Deal with it. Oh brought his soulmate home again, and, with a lot of fuss, managed to levitate her through a bedroom window and into her 'bed' again. Obviously, they didn't go anywhere that night, and Oh had to tell his fellow Boov why. It was an embarrassing encounter, but when the Boov got the reason they never came, they all burst out laughing before congratulating him. Meh. Whatever. They could do it another day, couldn't they? … Of course they could. -End Chapter Three-[Chapter 4] A/N: PHEW! I'M SORRY THIS IS LATE! And BTW, I just got a new fan. Please, feel free to call yourself a Kitty. You know who you are... *wink wink* WOHO! I. AM. HYPED. ...and I don't even know why... XD Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light, Chapter Four, Through the Night Word Count: 2627 Since nobody seemed to use the roof of the Tucci's apartment building, Tip and Oh'd decided to make it their little secret haven. They'd painted anything that could resemble walls in tree colours; yellow, blue and green. The couple had found blankets and umbrellas and made quite the place- they'd also found different kind of chairs and tables, placing them in random places across the roof. And now, it was in the middle of the night, and the two creatures, both so alien to each other, had found a thick, black carpet they'd lay down on the cement in one of the few places without any umbrellas covering up the sky. Above them, the stars were blinking furiously, and the moon was hovering in the middle of everything. It was a silent night, and Oh hadn't been able to sleep. The two of them had found their way up here, and they'd sat down on the carpet and begun talking to each other about everything between sky and earth- at some point they'd lay down, and Tip was now resting her head on Oh's chest as the pair of them watched the stars. His right hand was toying with her hair, and his left was holding hers. He was, of course, glowing a slight pink. «You know, sometimes I used to do this.» Tip told him. «What, you have had feelings for the other aliens?» Oh asked amused, and Tip snorted. «No, silly. I've watched the sky at night time- I always knew there had to be life up there. I refused to believe we were alone in the universe. It seemed impossible. I knew there existed some other kind of life. Aliens. Though, I never even considered the possibility of talking to one, much less find myself in this position- being their soulmate.» she explained in a hushed tone, and Oh closed his eyes for a moment, letting her voice guide him through the night. He didn't say anything, and after a short amount of time, Tip spoke again. «Why was this planet chosen?» Oh actually had to think about that one. The Boov had been searching for planets for such a long time, it seemed smart at the time to take the first and best they could find. In the end, he decided to shrug. «Captain Smek never told us. He only said, and I to quote, 'We have arrived at the best hiding place yet in the Milky Way. And the Gorg are lactose intolerant!'» Tip snorted. «Of course he did. Well.» She let out a heavy sigh and closed her eyes. «I'm glad it was this planet, though.» Oh closed his eyes again and hummed his agreement. Then, after a couple of minutes, Tip asked «Why did you- why did you leave me, that day, Oh?» Oh sighed at the thought. Being a Boov he had exceptional memory, so he could remember that day down to the smallest detail- it was truly a nightmare when he actually thought about it and brought the memories back. To be honest, he'd had more than one nightmare concerning that day. He turned deep blue. Tip noticed, of course, and shot up, eyes wide. «Oh god, I'm so stupid. I'm so sorry, Oh, I didn't really think-!» He held up a hand to make her stop talking, and then he sat up, too. True, bringing back the memories was not a smart move on Tip's behalf. However, even though it hurt beyond words, Oh had to tell her why he left. If not, he wasn't sure if he could take himself. She had to know. «I will to tell you.» he told her, and took a deep breath. He readied himself, steeled himself against the storm, and then- «Did you know about us?» Tip whispered, looking down at her lap. Oh sighed. «No. No, I did not. Let me explain now- Boov has instinct. Our instinct is to running away. It is who we are. I did want to stay with you. I really did! But, being a Boov, I had no to choosing. Though, you, being my soulmates, it was alsoes an instinct to staying with you. Staying at Earthland. Sadly, my Boov instincting was the stronger. If I could to choose then, I would have to staying with you.» Through his short speech, Tip looked up and frowned, staring at the stars. «Huh.» she said when he was done, and then they lay down again, in the exact same position as earlier. «I'm glad you didn't, though.» «What?» Oh asked, confused at her claim. Why- «You know, the past changes us. If you hadn't left, you'd never become the Boov leader. You wouldn't have known about the Gorg. You wouldn't have saved me. I wouldn't have thought you died. There's so much that's different because you ran away. It turned us into who and what we are today.» «Ah.» Oh said, and his muscles relaxed again. Once again, he began toying with his soulmate's hair. «When you puts it like that…» Tip chuckled, and Oh smiled lightly, looking up at the stars. Each of them held some planets, each of them was an own sun, had some moons and some of them he'd probably been close to sometimes, too. He let his thoughts wander through the night, Tip's steady breath guiding them, her heartbeat on his fingertips leading him through the dark and into the light. Without her, he'd been oh, so different. He was braver, now. More caring. Daring. Loving, actually. He loved her to bits, and he knew that she loved him, too. They hadn't been in any fights since they got together- it was actually kind of shocking. He wouldn't say they were perfect for each other- no one was. But they were goddamn close. A thought, at the back of his mind, stirred him slightly, and he reached after it. When he heard what it had to say, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying not to panic as it led him away from the light and deeper into the dark. «Tip?» he asked, and clenched his jaws together. Tip's eyelids fluttered open, and she mumbled a low «Mm?» «Are… are you ashamed… by me?» Tip jerked up into sitting as if she'd burned herself on his skin, and Oh sat up almost as quickly. She gaped at him, opening and closing her mouth as if she was a fish thrown into dry, foreign land. She looked so lost, so confused and even a little bit hurt. He swallowed as he looked into her eyes, the green depths of her soul- and saw tears deep, deep down in them. And then they hardened, she clenched her jaw and balled her hands into fists. « Never! » she growled, and Oh had to take a relieved breath. Thank god. She crawled over to him, and, placing her palm firmly against his chest, pushed him down again so he would be lying flat on his back. She then managed to place her hands on the blanket, one hand at each side of his body, sneering ever so slightly. Oh found he had problems really focusing. Though he wasn't scared of Tip, he knew she could hurt him, even though he was a Boov. She could hurt him badly. But he trusted her. He didn't know that she wouldn't harm him- he trusted she wouldn't. And this was a kind of- kind of dazing thought, being completely at mercy of someone so much stronger than him, someone who could harm him with merely a flick of her fingers or a few hurtful words- and being pretty sure that she wouldn't. His lips parted slightly and his breath came a little heavier as he locked gazes with the human above him. «You, Oh, are a wonderful, charming, adorable, caring, loving, am azing and strong being- I could never be ashamed of you.» It came mostly as a growl, this too, and even if her lips were curled in a sneer and her eyebrows knitted together, her eyes were giving her away, giving away the softness inside of her. Oh was pretty sure his mind turned off at this point. Out of his mouth escaped a word that sounded so much like a promise, it sounded so much like he was giving himself away- and he wasn't sure if he liked it or not. «Yours…» Tip's whole being changed, in a way words are too weak to explain. Oh had to try catching his breath at this point, as he finally saw the true beauty behind his soulmate- in the light of the stars, she, once again, seemed to glow. Her green eyes seemed to be living their own life and her lips parted as she leaned down so their faces were mere inches apart. Her hair was sticking out in weird directions, making it look like it was floating around her head like some sort of demonic halo. The next sound of of this beauty's mouth was so very much like a growl, a sneer and basically everything in between. It took his hands and chained his wrists to hers, pushing them firmly towards the light, and he gently obeyed, letting Tip lead him through dark, through evil and out on the other side of the shadows. « Mine » It came hoarse, wild and ancient- it sounded ancient, and it held the echo of a thousand lives, a thousand experiences and feelings- it was old, almost as old as time itself. In that exact moment, Oh found he begun believing in earlier lives and reincarnation. And then their lips connected. Under the stars. Through the night. Into the light. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE After that night on the roof, Tip begun acting strange. There would be times she seeked out to Oh, randomly hugging him, snuggling up to him, kissing his head or his lips, depending on who were nearby. Whenever she would hug him, she would hold him so hard he almost couldn't breathe, and every time he held back, slightly harder to show he was there. Sometimes, at night, Oh would wake up by the sound of Tip walking up the stairs leading to his sleeping place (Because he wasn't sleeping in the same bed as she was. He wasn't, even though he really wanted to. No, not to do nasty stuff, reader, you're gross). He would stay perfectly still and silent as she made her way over to him, where she slid silently into bed next to him, wrapping her arms around him and hugging him tight to her chest. Always silent. Always without explaining. And he would always, always turn around and nuzzle his face into the crook of her neck. Because even if he didn't understand why she was in pain or why she was seeking out to him at night, or even why she needed physical contact- he would give it to her. If she needed it, he'd give it to her. (She always hugged him even tighter. Always. And sometimes she even sobbed lightly, but they never spoke about it. Never.) But he decided he had to figure out what was going on when one of the worst times happened. Kyle was visiting, and the four of them were sitting in the living room, Oh and Tip on opposite sides. Kyle and Lucy were speaking together, when Tip, without a word, got up and walked over to Oh. There, she gave him a peck on the lips and then she pressed her lips gently against his head, before she sat down next to him, brought her legs up into the chair and took him onto her lap, closing her arms around him and relaxing her head on his. Lucy and Kyle very pointedly ignored them, but Oh was near panic. Tip was never like this anymore, not after they'd found Lucy. Or, she was, but never to this degree, not even when they were alone. So, he did what he'd promised to her he wouldn't. He dove deep into Tip's feelings. What he found surprised him. More than half of Tip's feelings were hard to decipher- anger, sorrow, loss, more sorrow, sadness, fear- so many he couldn't count them all. And then the rest of her feelings were merely pure love, to different degrees. It shocked him greatly, and he had to fight himself when he wanted to ask her about it. He would not, not before she was ready. So, he decided he could be a little selfish. The most likely theory he could come up with, was that something'd happened in Tip's past. Someone, most likely a boyfriend or something, had done something to her. Maybe left her in a stupid way. She was angry, because this stranger had done something stupid or mean, sorrow because she really cared about him and it still hurt that he'd left her, loss because he'd left her, and fear . She was scared of losing Oh . She knew how loss tasted, and she obviously didn't want to go through that again- And then, of course, the love was directed at him. He could feel it, in the way she was feeling it, the way she was holding it and thinking it, that this love- this love was the kind of love she felt when he said she was beautiful, or just when she mumbled 'I love you' at night- it was the kind of love that felt nearly perfect, and she wore it like a cologne. Whoever this other guy was, she didn't have feelings for him anymore. The feelings caused Tip to seek out to him- the one the love was directed at, the one the fear of loss was directed at- Oh wasn't sure if he wanted to laugh softly or cry silently. The only thing he did, though, was the only thing he could do. He knew he shouldn't ask if she was okay, he obviously knew she wasn't- and he couldn't change the past. Alas, he did the only thing he could . He was there. He hugged her back; pressed his face into the crook of her neck and held her as if there was no tomorrow. After about a week and a half, it finally ended and Tip went back to her usual fresh, bubbly self- it was a relief for Oh, though he kind of missed the random hugs and kisses. Tip noticed this (because of their bond, they could read the other's intentions, feelings or get a basic understanding of their thoughts, to a small degree), and the random hugs and kisses returned to his life. The nightly visits were fewer, but she still came a few times, mostly when she couldn't sleep or woke up from a bad dream. One time she came sobbing to his bed, but he managed to get her laughing before she drifted off to sleep. He considered it a victory. They never spoke about it, but because of this, both the fact that Oh was there when Tip needed him, and the fact that they had these random moments without really speaking about it but still understanding- they grew closer to each other. Their love and feelings grew, though neither of them noticed. Lucy did, however, and so did Smek, Kyle and Toni, the three Boovs the Tucci's spoke and interacted the most with. They all noticed how the couple acted around each other, they all noticed how they grew even more comfortable with each other- they all loved it. To bits. -End Chapter Four- A/N: Tell me what you think? Please? Oh, and my new Kitty wanted to know -and I quote- Do what!?Do what!? So, I'll say it here. Oh was originally going to bring Tip along to a park in the last chapter, to introduce her to the Death Song sung by a choir of fifty Boovs. Obviously, he had other plans. Do you still want it? If so, I can try to fit it into the next Part of Trust Me. I'll TRY, you hear that!?[Chapter 5] A/N: I'm so sorry for the delay! Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light – Chapter Five, Telling Our Secrets Word Count: 2426 «Oh my god, Oh! Look what I found!» Tip laughed, and Oh shot a glance in her direction. She was watching youtube, surfing through different kind of songs. He shrugged, got up and walked over to her. «It's so perfect for us!» she said gleefully, and then she hit the 'play' button. It was a lyrics video, and it begun with a male voice singing. Yeah, we're kinda different you and I. But I still turn pink every time you catch my eye, eye, eye. Oh, I didn't think this through, going on an adventure with you. Oh, what have you done, when she'll know disappear she'll be gone. You know, I weren't created to love. (So uhm, this is kinda awkward, I know.) Though, I don't know the humanspersons etiquete! (But personally, this is kinda weird and hard to forget.) «Uhm.» Oh said, and Tip squealed. Oh, do you know what you do to her? Oh, do you know what you make her feel? You make a humangirl feel special when you look at her like that. And Oh, if you're lucky now, she'll make you a deal. Her broken heart may even heal. So kiss, kiss, kiss, and make it seal. «Uhm…» Oh said again, and Tip burst out laughing when a female voice sung Oh, when I first met you, I though, you were. (Well- a Boov! Why do you think I fought?) «What!?» Oh cried, and hid his face in his hands. «That is my name!» «Oh, they are using mine, too.» Tip reassured him happily. «What!?» Oh cried again. It turns out I was both right and wrong, when a day without you turned out to be long. I never thought I'd see myself in this position, (So Oh, I'm asking you for permission.) 'Cause I am a girl on a mission! Oh groaned when the choir started up again. Tip, that's you, right? Are you aware that he murmurs your name at night? «WHAT!?» Oh cried again , and Tip burst out laughing. His face felt hot, now; he was blushing. Glowing a bright bright pink. So don't let your heart sink- he doesn't feel exactly like you think, think, think. So kiss, kiss, kiss, and embrace the link. «I think it's a fan song or something!» Tip exclaimed, and Oh made a sobbing sound as the female and male sung together. Feeling empty, hollow, when you are gone. How did my feeling grow this strong? (Are you feeling the same?) If so you have to take the lead, I just know how to follow. You're putting me into a chain- (And seriously, it's begining to feel straight out lame. The female sung Oh, why can't you see? and the male sung Tip, why can't you see? And then they sung This is begining to frustrate me together. The male sung I'm turning red- (I've got to do this.) Female sung Oh, you led Both me along the way we changed to be, along the way we changed to be, alone became together, you and I became the we. We changed along the way, we learned each other a lection. Oh snorted. Anger and shyness turned to affection… protection. «Fair enough.» We changed along the way. Along the way I realised- I love you, I love you, too. And then the song ended, with Oh banging his head against the closest wall, and Tip laying on the floor, wheezing after air as tears of mirth ran down her cheeks. «Seriously?» Oh muttered, and Tip wheezed furthermore. «Nope. Nopety nope, nope, nope. McGonagall is McGonagone.» Tip, who was trying to get up from the floor, fell down again, laughing and hiccuping, tears flowing from her eyes from the effort. Oh stood there looking at her. «Are you okay?» he asked, amused, and Tip burt out laughing even more. She wheesed. «Your- haaa- your-your face!» And then she was laughing again. «Excusing me?» Oh exclaimed, and folded his arms over his chest. It didn't take very long before Oh also begun laughing. And then they couldn't stop for a few hours, but meh- who cares? LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «Look, mom.» Tip begun, and looked down into her lap. «You see, I'm pretty sure you know that Oh and I- we are a couple.» Oh nodded slowly. «But what you don't know is that- we are actually soulmates.» Oh nodded slowly again, and Tip shot him a dirty look. «You are really bad at this.» «Aw, come on.» he said, and threw his hands up in the air. «I am trying.» «Well, you're not trying hard enough, then.» Tip complained. «How am I to be knowing what Mymom will say?» Tip sighed deeply and buried her head in her hands. «I don't know. I don't know! I don't even know what to say .» «Tip…» Oh soothed, and walked over to her. I'm sure she'll take it just find he told her when he took her hand. You really think so? Well, there's only one way to figure it out, right? Tip sighed. «Yeah, I guess so. But, in all seriousness. How the bloody hell did you manage to tell me this? I'm just going to tell my mom- you were going to tell me - your counterpart! » Oh smirked at her. «Secret!» he sing-songed, and Tip groaned. In fact, he wasn't sure how he'd managed it. He didn't even prepare himself! It was a – spur of the moment thingy. Almost, at least. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «Mom. Oh and I are soulmates.» Oh raised his eyebrows. «Soulmates?» «Yes.» Tip said determined and nodded firmly. Oh sat there in silence, not quite sure what to say. «Okay?» he ended up with, and Tip banged her head into the wall she was leaning against. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «So, you know, mom, that Oh and I are a couple.» «Yes, Tip, I am awareness.» «But here comes the bomb! We are soulmates!» Oh frowned in consentration, trying to come up with something, and ended up with «How are you sure?» Tip sighed deeply and muttered something that sounded very much like 'finally', before she threw herself into the explanation. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «Maybe not so much at one time?» Oh asked. «What do you mean?» Tip replied. «Does Mymom have to know everything?» Tip froze with the bag of sugar in her hands, ending up with pouring almost everything into her teacup. Oh watched uncomfortable, but didn't say anything. You see, he recognised the face Tip was pulling. She was thinking. A hard job. «No… no, she doesn't. Oh my god, I'm so stupid!» she claimed, and facepalmed. Oh just chuckled slightly. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «But what to say, then?» Tip wondered. Oh leaned over and took her hand in his, before he told her what she could say. «Hm. Good idea. Think I'll use that. Well, mom'll at least be sure you can't cheat on me, right?» Oh shrugged, but smiled and poured some oil into his teacup, and, taking a sip, sighed in delight. Tip studied him carefully. «Oh…» she sighed, and Oh looked up at her. «Just- just brush your teeth later, yeah?» He grinned at her. «Well, Tip, you are to know, my mouth gets clean automatically.» he told her, and took a new sip from his cup. Tip gave him a sceptical look. He widened his eyes. «It is true! Chemicals!» Tip's eyebrow did not sink. «Suuure.» «Tip!» «Is that why you never have the real morning breath?» Tip asked. Oh nodded furiously, and Tip shrugged. «Whatever.» LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE «So, mom. I think you're aware, but Oh and I are a couple. We've actually been a couple for- what, three months? Yeah, about three months. Sorry we didn't tell you- however, there's a sliiiight problem.» Tip said, causing Oh to frown. «Problem, Tip?» «You see, it is physically impossible for a Boov to love.» «But- how cans you to be a couple?» «Some Boov has soulmates. Those who have one and can find them, eventually fall in love with them- and their counterpart fall back.» They sat in silence for a while, until Tip smiled. «Yes! I think we've got it!» She gave him a high five, and Oh pointed out the fact that she was the one who got it- not him. «Meh.» she said and waved a hand at it. «I dun' care. I know what to say. Finally!» She gave him another high-five, and Oh rolled his eyes slightly at her. «Hey! I saw that!» He grinned at her. «It was the purpose.» «Sure.» LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Both of them were nervous. Oh had bright yellow stripes pulsing over his skin, and Tip's hands were trembling. Lucy was looking at them sucpiciously as they sat in silence on the couch. Oh- Tip whispered. What? I've forgotten what to say! Oh sighed lightly. Mom, I think you're aware but we are a couple? Or something? Tip closed her eyes for a brief moment and sighed, before she straightened her back and looked at her Mymom. «Mom. I- I think you are aware, because really, we haven't been hiding our relationship very much at home- but Oh and I. We- we are a couple.» The expression on Lucy's face was priceless. She looked like a kid that had just been told that it was christmas, easter and her birthday at the same day, and that a candy shop was at sale. It was almost hundred percent glee. «I- yes, yes I was aware- Oh, can I see the heart-key?» Oh blushed slightly, and Tip shot him a confused look. She's happy about it? I told you. No you didn't. Yes I did. When? Right now. Tip sighed and rolled her eyes, while Oh found the key he'd gotten from her for so long ago. He showed it to Tip's Mymom, and she laughed in delight. But, before she could say anything more, Tip help up a hand. «However, mom, there's a slight problem.» All colour drained from Lucy's face. «Are you pregnant?» she whispered. There was shocked silence before Tip cried out «Merlin, no ! Jeez, mom!» Lucy took a deep breath. «Ha, thank god! Okay, go on.» «You see- Boov cannot love. It's physically impossible for them.» Lucy closed her eyes and raised her eyebrows. «I'm a little bit confused here Tip. I think I may have gotten bad hearing- can you take that last part again?» Tip sighed. «Boov. Cannot. Love. It is. Physically. Impossible. For them.» she said slowly, moving her lips way too much while saying it. «What. No. Tip. Can you please explain that part? I think I've missed something.» Tip was about to open her mouth, but Oh stopped her. «However!» he begun, and Lucy (who was begining to hyperventilate) looked at him. «Some Boov haves a soulmates. Those who haves one and manage to finding them can fall in love with them. And their counterparts wills to fall back. Tip is my soulmates, and I am hers.» Lucy shrieked, jumped up into the chair and cried «I knew it!» pumping her fist in the air. «Yes, yes, yes!» Tip was staring in shock at her Mymom, and Oh was staring shocked at Tip. Is this normal? he asked. Tip slowly shook her head, and a greatful smile spread across her lips. «I take it we have your ble-.» « YES! » Lucy cried, looking at Tip and not letting her daughter finish her question. « Yes! » She jumped down from the chair and ran over to Tip, where she fell down to her knees. «Go marry him right now! » «Mom! I'm fourteen! That was not what I meant!» Tip shrieked. It wasn't the fact that she didn't want to marry Oh- but she was way to young. Seriously. «Soon to be fifteen!» Lucy winked, and Tip shook her head lightly. «Not gonna happpen yet, Mom. Sorry.» Oh was staring at the pair interacting, and coughed lightly. The two of them looked over at him. «Can we- to go?» he asked slowly, and Lucy nodded hastily. Tip shot up from the couch and almost fell onto Oh. «Oh! Wait, one thing.» Lucy said, and the soulmates turned around to look at her. «Is this a secret?» Tip and Oh looked at each other, before Tip reached out and took his hand. They didn't really form any words, they only sendt feelings and intentions, and it was going far to quick for anyone to keep up with it. But in the end, Tip smiled and shook her head. «Nah, mom. I think it's time to get out of the closet. Just- don't use Facebook or anything. Please. I want to tell my classmates myself.» Lucy nodded gleefully, and then she was gone. Oh sighed, shook his head and rubbed at his face tiredly. Had they done the right thing? Only time would tell. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE School was begining soon, again. The break was soon over. Oh knew that Tip definitley weren't excited, and he could remember what she'd said when they crossed the atlantics. 'Seven grade girls are mean !'. Tip had explained a little about it, and Oh had decided that even if he wasn't allowed to go to school with her (they'd checked), he would always be close to the school grounds. Always. Because, if Tip needed him, he would be there. He had decided it all alone, and even if it maybe was a bad idea, Oh couldn't care less. Maybe it was dumb or pathetic, but he would always be having the Ithemba with him, just in case it was needed. He didn't dare bring a buble gun , but the Ithemba, he both could and would. Tip knew he was going to be there, and she was greatful, but she didn't know that he brought a weapon. He just hoped he wouldn't have to use it. -End Chapter Five-[Chapter 6] A/N: Phew! It's been so long (since last I've seen my son lost to this monsters)! Merlin, I'm so sorry for the long delay! I wish I could blame school, but... I can't. Shhh... so... yeah. But I thought 'I can't wait any longer, it's bloody Halloween, Jesus!' I'm sorry it's not Halloween themed, but that's because I wrote this, like, three months ago or something. I dunno. Anyway! I'd like to point out that the song in the last chapter is mine, I've made the text and everything, just so you know that. And the game in this chapter is also mine. The... Manor of Mirrors, I think I named it. Yeah. Probably. And then, in the end, a question which I highly advice you to answer. How much to you want part three of Trust Me to be up? On a scale from one to ten. Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light – Chapter Six, The Creepy Pair Word Count: 2340 «Tip, are you sure you want to doing this?» «Yes, Oh, I am . But what about you ? Are you scared?» «No, of course not! But you were saying-.» «Oh, do you remember what I said to my mom?» «Yes, but-.» «And I didn't lie. I don't want to hide!» «But-.» «Oh, what are we going to do?» «We are to be walking into a room full of some Boovs, and some humanspersons.» «Are you scared of these persons, Oh?» «No?» «No, and neither am I. I don't see any problem with this.» Oh sighed, defeated. He knew that Tip wasn't ashamed by him (he knew , yes, and it wasn't often he used that word, mind you.), but maybe she didn't want to go out into the open about their relationship just yet , or maybe she wanted to go to- something. «Okay. But- hold my hand? Please?» Tip turned around to look at him, tilted her head slightly and gave him a soft smile. «Of course,» she muttered, and grabbed hold of his hand, lacing their fingers together. It was a little bit hard, considering that Oh had four fingers and she had five, but they managed. Of course they managed. They had to. And then Tip opened the door leading to the locals of Gaming Folks- or the locals of Toni's game creator group. Instantly, the couple were met with flashing lights, loud music, battling sounds, voices, cries, a little bit of a tight atmosphere and a wide range of both humans and Boov in all shapes, genders, ages and colours. All accross the room, there were sitting different kind of gaming machines, where the largest was a huge monster of metall, and the smallest was a little chip. They stood in silence for a few seconds while the door slowly closed behind them. Then, a Boov with blue eyes, huge head and blue skin emerged from the masses, all but runing towards them. «Well, I was wondering when the two of yours would be to come visiting us!» he said with a large smile. «Hi, Toni.» Tip smiled, and Oh grinned at his friend, tugging slightly at Tips hand, and then rose his eyebrows slightly. Toni gasped, and his hands went to cover his mouth for a moment, before he gleefully exclaimed «Having you finally decided to coming out of the closet!?» with a way too high-pitched tone. Tip seemed surprised in about half a second, before she rolled her eyes. «Oh…» she accused, and he shrugged sheepishly. I just wanted him to know we were doing it, is all he explained, and Tip shot him a look. They'd basically promised not to use their connection way too much in a conversation with anyone else, but she shrugged it off. True, they'd told Smek, Kyle and Toni the same day as they told Tip's Mymom that they were, indeed, together. None of them were surprised, and all of them took it well. «So, Toni.» Tip said, and Toni's eyes flew to her. «You don't think you can give us a tour, do you?» His whole body lit up. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE While they walked past all the strange, stranger and odd machines, Toni explained what they were working with and about, how it worked and what it was. One of the machines they walked past had a small floor who would at times light up with the different Boov colours, and the player wore a kind of mask in front of their eyes, similar to an Oculous Rift. When the player stepped on a certain place on the 'floor', a thing would happen in the game. Like walking, for an example. The masks were in two designes; one for humans, and one for Boov. Another game was even more complicated. The player had to wear a little chip secured around their right ear, while a part of it was placed inside their ear, sending signals to the brain. When the player moved, the character in the game moved. About halfway through the locals, humans started to notice the couple moving inside. Some of them seemed surprised, but not shocked, some others wore bright smiles and others frowned in confusion. Though, none of them really seemed disgusted- probably because they were working with Boov at normal and even had some Boov friends. Oh shot a surprised look at Toni when he grew more and more nervous. Tip… he said carefully, tugging at her mental arm, and Tip shifted lightly next to him. What's wrong? Oh gently strengthened her ability to feel what other beings were feeling. He's nervous? Mentally, Oh nodded. Exactly. Toni, knowing Oh could feel it, nudged him in the shoulder. «There.» he whispered, and cocked his head towards a human and a Boov working next to each other. It was a female Boov with slightly pink-ish skin, just like Toni's was blue-ish, and she was looking rather- serious. Next to her: a tall, human male with short, dark brown hair, goatee and brown eyes with an at least as serious face. Tip glanced at Toni, confused. «They are always working together- they are always making horror games- bad, bad, bad horror games, scaring so many of us. They are the creepy- very the creepy- never speaking, unless to each others. I do not know why I am so… on edge, around them… I just am.» Toni explained, as they quickly passed the two. Oh nodded gravely. Boov gut feelings were not to be underestimated. When a Boov felt like something was wrong or they were in danger- they just knew they was. He quickly sendt it to Tip, and she vibrated slightly when she acchieved it. And then she nodded slightly, she, too. «I do want to get them away- but I cannot just to kicking them out without the reasons…» Oh nodded again, slowly. Maybe he could do something about this, with him being captain and all… « Is it very serious, Toni? » he asked in a hurried whisper. Toni seemed surprised that Oh'd used Boovspeak instead of English, but shook it off and answered in the same language. « I do not think so. Maybe. I do not think it would be smart to do something- if they are truly dangerous, then they would only harm you, captain, possibly me, and Gratuity Tucci as well if we tried to get them away from what they liked to do.» «It is a gut feeling… are you sure?» Toni nodded. « Yes. » Oh shrugged. If Toni was sure he didn't want the Boov captain to be into this, then the Boov captain wouldn't be into this. Tip eyed them suspiciously, and Oh again sendt the information she wanted. It wasn't supposed to be a secret, really, it wasn't- at least, it wasn't supposed to be kept a secret from her , god forbid. The reason he spoke in Boovspeak was very simple; it was harder to pick up on, and any other humans then Tip wouldn't understand it. In the end, the soulmates were asked if they wanted to test a new game, and Tip happily agreed. They both put on a pair of goggles before they were sendt to a manor. Before they begun the game they'd gotten basic information from Toni- the game was, in theory, very easy. You were supposed to find all the mirrors in the manor and break them, shatter them to pieces. In each mirror, you'd see your own reflection, and then, behind you, you'd see a shadow slowly coming closer. After every mirror you broke, the atmosphere in the manor would grow heavier, it would become darker in the corners, and creepy music would eventually slowly start to play. Plus, a monster would begin to hunt you down after a while. To quit the game, you had to take off the goggles. If, by some reason, you couldn't take of your goggles (if the monster caught you and dragged you into the cellar, tied you to a chair and placed you in a room full of mirrors, for an examples), you could speak the word 'escape'. If you couldn't speak (if the monster gagged you, wich it also could ((depending on the difficulty level))), the game would automatically shut down if you either begun panting way too hard with no reason (if you'd just ran through a lot of hallways, for an examles, was a reason) or if your heartbeat picked up. Or both. The cool thing was that the game would know if you either was gagged or tied down, so if you weren't, being too scared was not an excuse to stop playing. If you were scared but didn't want the game to end, it didn't have to. Tip and Oh played the game together, and it gave them both a thrill to play it, as they hid behind or inside closets, turned off or on lights, begged each other to be silent or refused to watch as they broke a mirror. Tip, being the bravest of them, was always the first one to check inside a room if it was anything useful inside there (such as lanterns, oil, tinderboxes, pieces of paper with back story of the shadow you'd see in the mirrors or maybe something they could use to break mirrors.). If it was, Tip would call in Oh and she'd search the room while Oh stood guard at the door. If any monsters came too close he'd find a hiding place for the two of them. They were never way too scared, but it was still creepy (and freaky, good God, that shadow was so God damn freaky). And when Tip got caught by the monster, Oh had to play super-hero, find a way down into the basement (he ended up crawling through a passage in the baking oven, funny enough, and arrived at the place with a knife, covered in sooth.), free Tip and break the mirrors (where the shadown stood staring at them.) before getting both of them the heck out of there. That earned him a kiss, and after that, he was the one who walked first. Still with the bread-knife in hand and covered in sooth. Then he was the one who got caught, and Tip had to come after him. She wanted to be adventorous, and tried to find another way into the basement. After discovering that the closet in the master bedroom in third floor was an elevator, she ended up into the basement with a pair of pants draped over her shoulders as a cape, and, as a weapon, she brought a letter-opener. They played for hours on end, and when they finally broke the last mirror (the shadown stood right behind them, at that one, and they somehow knew it was the last one), Toni was the only one left in the locals. He was smiling at them, and begun laughing when he saw how surprised Oh was that he was, in fact, not covered in sooth. The pair swore that they'd come back sometime soon to play the game again, and Toni said they were welcome to come back anytime. Then they watched a short video of the two of them playing, and the couple turned tomato red when they saw how they'd acted. Screaming, laughing, looking horrified, mad, sad, surprised and sometimes embarassed. All in all, it was a really fun day, and while Oh had learned to be even braver, Tip had learned how to find great hiding places anywhere nearby. The two of them had to focus hard not to freak out when they saw a mirror a few hours after that, but they loved it. However, Oh did not forget the Boov and human Toni'd told them about. Somehow, he promised, he'd have to keep track of them. His gut feeling told him they were trouble. And he was going to prove it . LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE The next days basically went by in a daze. It was the last week before school would start up for Tip again, and the pair used all their waking hours down at Gaming Folks. Oh, being super-suspicious, studied the Creepy Pair, as Toni'd taken to call them. And it was right! The Creepy Pair never spoke to anyone else than each other, and when he tried one of the milder games they'd made, he played in only a few minutes before the game had to shut down. (He'd gotten nightmares, mind you.) They were a horrible pair, and when they spoke to each other, they'd looked at blue-prints of all things, and the few times he'd been able to pick up what they'd said, they'd spoken in codes. Tip, noticing he acted off, asked him about it, but he couldn't explain. He tried, and sendt her the reasons, but still, she didn't understand. Well, that was hardly his fault, was it now? One time, Oh'd told Toni one of his… fears. «You are knowing, more than one time, I have thought- «Dids they only choosing me because I was there? They do hate me- do they not?». Because… it does not seem right, for them, to suddenly loving me…» Oh'd explained, and Toni'd smiled fondly. «We were always cheering you onwards, JLo, at least half of us.» «But you dids to turn red when you- when you saw me?» «When we were seeing you, we automatically went to thinking of Smek, and of what he was to doing against us- really, captain JLo. We were cheering you onwards.» «… calling me Oh, please.» That was a very reasuringly talk they'd had, and after that, Oh and Toni were closer friends. Anyway. That was just the week before school begun. And when it did, things went straight to hell. -End Chapter Six-[Chapter 7] IMPORTANT A/N! PLEASE READ! Guys. This is the last chapter for this part of Trust Me. Okay. Okay, so I have a very, very important question for you. Do you want part three, Heroes, yet Again? I'll give you a short and sharp warning: it's darker, not only fluff and tea with sugar. (It's also gotten a plotline! Yeah!) You know what? Here's the summary. Go with it. Strange things begin to happen. Boov and Man alike are falling like flies, Oh's not sure if he knows what he's doing and dear god why is Toni burning!? Why is there a hot air balloon hanging over the city!? I swear, that was not there yesterday! Also, what in the world is up with the Creepy Pair...? What is this I hear about poisoning? So . I need you to tell me how much you want it. Okay? Do we understand each other? Good, good. I warn you, if no one says whether they want it or not, I will not upload it. I want at least three reviews who says they want it! So yes. May I also add that you can request stuff? Things you want to see in the story? If you want something I'll try my very, very best to fit it in. (Just please write it with details- if you don't want anyone else to see it just send me a PM! And details, please, I don't want any 'Oh does this and that and then Tip says/does this or that'. That's not detailed. I need settings, feelings, (expressions) etc.) I also love long reviews- short reviews like 'good story' show me that people like my story, but not where, when and why (if you know what I mean) Okay! You guys ready for this? *silence* *ahem* I said... are you guys ready for this!? *silence* *sigh* Nevermind. Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light – Chapter Seven, A Helping Hand Word Count: 3201 \"Tip! You're going to be late for school!\" Oh blinked sleepily up against the ceiling. Morning already? Didn't he just fall asleep? Beneath him, Tip groaned, before she pushed herself up on her elbows. With a low 'oof', Oh fell off her and onto the floor. Immediately, Tip was fully awake. She gasped. \"Oh! Ah, I'm so sorry- are you okay?\" she asked, jumping out of her 'bed' before helping him up again. He smiled at her. \"Yes.\" Always, with you, he thought, and Tip smiled at him. You are too sweet she decided upon, and Oh blushed when he realized she had heard him. Ten minutes later, a fully dressed and laughing Tip made her way out of her bedroom, next to Oh, and together they walked into the dining room. \"Well, if that's not a happy pair, then I don't know what is!\" Lucy chuckled, and poured herself a cup of coffee. Tip smiled at her Mymom, grabbing Oh's hand and lacing their fingers together as she sat down at the table. Lucy merely shook her head. Oh grabbed a handful of screws and happily stuffed them into his mouth. \"Does that really taste good?\" Tip asked skeptically just as she prepared her own slice of bread. Oh nodded, just as he bit down on the screws, and they broke in his mouth. Lucy, fascinated, pointed out that \"You must have a really strong jaw, then, don't you?\" Oh nodded again, and Tip did that cute Tip thing, shaking her head slightly, smiling, and rolling her eyes. Oh's cat chose that moment to jump onto his lap and then to his head. \"Tippy!\" he mumbled around his food, and the two humans laughed merrily. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE \"Can I to please do a bad-ass entrance?\" Oh pled, as he entered the Slushious, Tip getting in on the other side, her bag quickly following her. Stretching a little bit mentally, Oh knew how she felt and how that nervousness was devouring her insides. Slowly. And painfully. Yet, she smiled at him, giving him a little tired but happy smile. \"Okay. This once.\" \"Yes!\" Oh cried, and his skin flashed orange as he pumped a fist in the air. Tip shot him a look, and he could feel the nervousness settling down and fading ever so slightly in his presence. \"You're so childish sometimes, you know.\" she chuckled after a few seconds in strained silence. Oh pressed a hand flat against his chest in mock-horror. \"You are wounding me, Tip!\" \"Is it so.\" Oh nodded furiously. \"Yes it is!\" Tip smiled fondly at him. \"Sure.\" \"No, but it is -.\" Oh tried to tell her, still mocking being hurt. His soulmate rolled her eyes playfully at him. \"Moooo!\" she interrupted, and laughed happily when he gave a startled, little cry. A few seconds, he was horribly confused by why she just went 'moooo' on him. Then the memories rushed over him, and he had to laugh, he, too. ' Boov do not do telling jokes.' '… I'll show you' ' Mooooo!' They laughed a little, and then they settled down on a relaxed silence instead. After a little while Oh coughed lightly, gaining Tip's attention. \"Are you… feeling better, now, Tip?\" he asked. Her nervousness had faded to almost completely disappear, and she seemed more… at ease? Maybe? He wasn't sure, but- \"Yeah. Thank you.\" Tip whispered, looking into her lap, drawing small circles with her index finger on her knee. \"Anytime.\" Oh told her truthfully, and she looked up to find him smiling slightly at her. She had tears in her eyes, he noticed, and tilted his head at her. She let out a shaky, slow breath. \"I love you.\" she said, her voice determined and dripping of said feeling. \"I know.\" Oh smiled, and met her gaze, before leaning in for a kiss. Tip gave him exactly what he wanted, and after something that seemed like excessively short time, even with Oh's abilities, they departed and Oh went back to driving. \"And I love you, too.\" LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE When Oh had his 'bad-ass entrance', more than a few pupils had to jump away from the Slushious as he dropped in with loud music thundering from the speakers. Tip's laughter could almost not be heard in the middle of all of it. Nevertheless, Oh could hear it, and, seeing as it was meant only for him, that was perfectly okay. To the gaping faces of her classmates, Tip bent over and gave him a quick, sweet peck on the lips. When she drew back, she gave him a tender smile. \"See ya.\" she whispered, and the only reason Oh heard her, was the fact that she pushed it through their connection. Then, before he could answer, she jumped out of the car and slammed the door shut. Taking that as his cue, Oh turned on the car again, and went straight upwards before he zoomed out into the skyline. \"Good luck.\" he whispered, and knew Tip had heard him. He hit the button he and Tip had installed together, and the Slushious went invisible. Not long after found him carefully parked on the school roof, where he turned the red car over into stealth mode, before he nestled into a comfortable position, closed his eyes, relaxed, and focused entirely on his and Tip's connection. It took a few, confused seconds with blinking, white lights all around him like warm stars, but eventually, he could see, hear and smell everything Tip did. It wasn't like he was looking at it personally , the things he saw were mostly blurry and slipping in and out of view, and something didn't even have colors, but it was there. He strained his powers slightly, and then Tip knew he was there. \" Finally settled in ?\" she mumbled, and he answered with an agreeing nod. She chuckled, before she focused on her surroundings again, shot her classmates a dirty look, and spun on her heel, beginning to walk towards the school building, a tall, square piece of cement painted in an old creamy color. The windows peaked out at random places, with different kind of curtains and items sitting inside. Tip took a deep breath, and Oh could feel her nervousness again. He swallowed. \" Is this how all schools are looking? \" he asked, and Tip let her breath out in a short laugh. \" Mm. No, this one's just horrible. \" Oh nodded. \" Of course. I was thinking so.\" \" Don't hurt yourself \" she joked. Then Tip opened up the tall glass doors marking the entrance of the building. She closed her eyes a brief moment, letting the past memories rush over her, past memories of everything , before they stopped on Oh. With tears, sparkling in her eyes, but a soft smiled cradling her lips; she walked the two steps into the school building. Oh was left in the Slushious, smiling despite himself. He wasn't sure if Tip knew, but when he focused on their connection, he could see almost everything she went through- both mentally and physically. It was as if he'd gotten a VIP entrance to her mind, and when he sat in his seat he knew everything about what concerned her- and he could also throw popcorn at the screen if he wanted to, and Tip would know. He wasn't sure why it was a thing, since soul-bonds, in the beginning, was just another way of survival. He didn't know what it was good for, but it was there. And that's the point. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE School was over. Oh was driving, and Tip was sitting next to him. An uncomfortable silence stretched between them, and Oh kept shooting glances in Tip's direction. Something was wrong… he could tell, it was even obvious. \"I-\" Tip begun, and Oh, once again, looked at her. \"I missed you today.\" she decided upon, and Oh hit the brakes. Hard. He let go of the wheel and turned around to look at her. Confused. \"But- I was being there, all the day?\" Tip nodded slowly, still looking down at her lap. \"Yeah, I- I know. But- I kept suspecting to see you. I heard your voice, all the time, right there, next to me- and then I turned around and you weren't there . It felt like a stab every time, and the first few times, in the first few seconds, I thought you had disappeared. It was- it was horrible , okay? Please don't judge me…\" Oh frowned slightly. He had seen her do that weird thing a few times, turning abruptly and then stopping mid-move or mid-word, before she slowly, carefully and unsure returned to speaking with him. It was weird, he would admit, but- wow. Just. Just wow. That was crazy , okay. Just crazy. \"No!\" he gasped. Of course, I'll never judge you , he thought, and tried to say so. \"No no no, of course not, I would never-\" He was, however, shocked to silence, when Tip looked up at him. Her eyes were filled to the brim with tears. \"Oh… oh, Tip.\" he whispered, and in the next moment, they were kissing. Somehow, Oh managed to end up in Tip's lap, where he, after the kiss, got another of Tip's Desperate Hugs. Those were rare- it was the one where he almost died; when she ended up in a wheelchair; then it was when he took her out in the middle of the night; oh, and a lot when she was a little depressed; and the last one he could remember, when he saved her from the monster in the horror game. Because apparently, a glitch happened when the monster gagged her, so the game didn't register it- she was hella scared. When he saved her, she was on the verge of crying. \"I love you\" Tip whispered, and brought him back to reality. \"I love you, too\" Oh answered automatically. \"Will you be okay?\" Tip nodded slowly into his shoulder. \"Yeah, I think so.\" Smiling, Oh increased the pressure of the hug, and Tip chuckled softly when he turned pink- again . LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE Tip coughed lightly to gain Oh's attention, and he jumped slightly in his seat, startled. Currently, Tip was having an English class, which, and I quote, 'was so boring that listening to Smek go on about his music was much more fun'. Tip grabbed a piece of paper and wrote a quick sentence on it. This is so boring-! But hey, I've got a question. Oh shrugged. \" Shoot. \" Writing furiously, Tip bit her lip slightly, and Oh felt himself doing the same. Why- why is Toni's skin so… blue ? Oh froze a little, and Tip's pencil danced across the paper again. Sorry, if it's personal or something but she stopped when Oh interrupted her. \" No, it is okay. Toni has been… depressed. If a Boov is depressed it will to walking around with deep blue skin… and if they stop, their skin will be blue-ish. As Toni's.\" he hurried to explain. It wasn't as if it was a secret or anything. Oh… damn. But why is it blue? Oh shrugged again. \" If a special color is on Boov skin for a longing time, that Boov skin will have slightly of that color in it. \" He could feel Tip nod. Well then, she wrote, and snickered. That earned her a few odd looks, but she ignored them. You'll probably become pink soon. Blushing, Oh had to chuckle a little at that, before he sighed. \" If a Boov has pinkish skin… \" he begun, and Tip urged him to tell her. Wait! she suddenly wrote. Like HB? HB was the name of the Boov part of The Creepy Pair, though no one knew what it meant. Tip joked around with it being 'Heart Breaker'. HB didn't seem to appreciate it. \" Yes. Exactly like HB. Anywhale- if a Boov skin is being slightly pinkish- they had a soulmate. \" Tip frowned. But your skin ain't pink? \" You are not the dead \" Oh drily pointed out, and Tip gasped, before she mumbled \" No wonder she's so grumpy… \" Oh burst out laughing, and when Tip did so too, the teacher had to take her out of the class for a while when she wouldn't calm down. Oh laughed himself silly, at that. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE After about a week, the pair begun to meet in Tip's breaks. They would walk around in the schoolyard, just talking about the earth and the sky and everything in between. Sometimes, they'd go a little bit too far in their 'hiding', and Tip would take his hand, or he would take hers, or he'd flash pink of a comment, or Tip would flirt with him- human ways of flirting, mind you. They did get weird and/or odd looks from… basically everyone, actually. But! There were no rules that stated other persons could not come into the schoolyard, as long as they didn't cause any trouble. One would've thought that Tip would get uncomfortable with all the staring, but… she couldn't bring herself to care. It didn't really matter, to her. If she had Oh by her side, then everything would eventually be okay. To Oh, however, it mattered. If someone as much as looked at Tip the wrong way, he'd sneer in their direction before he turned around and walked in the opposite of the one he sent his sneer in. When Tip noticed, she barked a laugh, before she said \"You know, Oh, you're really playing your role as ''over-protective Boovfriend\" well here!\" Oh'd blushed, and after that, he was more careful about what he did. Because, even if Tip didn't outright say it, she wanted to tell people that they were a couple- not the other way around. He respected that. LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE BREAK LINE They were actually just sitting and relaxing beneath a tree, in the shadow of the branches, when Tip saw an approaching shadow. She hurriedly sat up, and Oh followed quickly after. Tip wasn't popular, and when she decided to bring Oh to school, the two or three people she knew ditched her. No one- I repeat, no one - ever spoke to them. At all. \"Who is that?\" he whispered, and Tip shrugged. \"'M not sure… think it's a teacher.\" And true enough, a teacher approached the couple, and the two of them rose. She was tall, with rectangular glasses, and short, dirty-blond hair. \"I'm sorry, Gratuity, but you're not allowed to bring pets to school,\" she told Tip. Tip frowned. \"Pets? I haven't brought any-,\" Oh frowned and bent forward a little. What was she talking about? He looked at her face and focused on her feelings for a moment. Could it be? His eyes widened. Gently, he touched Tip's arm. I think she means me, he explained. Tip immediately scowled. \"I haven't brought any pets,\" she told the woman firmly, and Oh –being a Boov- reacted to that. His heart swelled. Of course, it wasn't the first time Tip defended him, but it moved him the same amount every. bloody. time. \"And what is so that?\" the teacher asked, and pointed at Oh. \"Is it maybe your boyfriend?\" she said, sarcastically. Tip raised an eyebrow. \"What if I say yes?\" Oh gasped lightly. If- if she actually told the teacher - oh, by damn, he loved her so freaking much. The teacher snorted in a very un-lady like manner. \"Don't be ridiculous.\" \"And why, must I ask, is Oh an animal?\" The teacher sighed, she sunk together a little bit, and her face softened. When she spoke, it was in another voice entirely. \"Look, I don't think so, but your classmates do, apparently- and so, I got the job. Lucky me. I think it would be the best for- for all of us, actually, if your friend stayed at home, or- I don't know, maybe you could… secretly meet, behind the garbage bins. I know that there's never any teacher patrols there.\" Tip frowned. \"What are you-\" \"But I never told you this, of course. I was stern. Strict. Told you to leave the pet at home.\" Oh's eyes widened. Okay. He might, very possibly, just have earned himself someone to 'fan' over. \"I would to be saying that I was already at home,\" he decided, and the teacher winked at him. \"That's it. You said that, and then I would be completely disgusted at you for even thinking about talking to me. Then, I'd command you to stay at home.\" Tip's eyes widened. \"I'd be mad at you!\" she cried. \"But eventually, I calmed down and understood why you told me to leave him. I wouldn't even consider beginning to have secrets meetings with him.\" The teacher smiled at them, and a pair of brown eyes sparkled from the other side of her glasses. \"Exactly. Remember that, now.\" Then she turned around, basically spun on her heel, straightened up and walked away with a scowl, muttering about 'bloody disgusting, it is!' However, both Tip and Oh could hear there was no fierceness to it. They looked at each other. And they burst out laughing. Trust Me – Part Two Into the Light, Epilouge After their encounter with the teacher at the school, Oh stayed at home every day, and Tip did not even consider having secret meetings with him behind the garbage bins. Whom didn't smell so bad, to be honest. Not that she knew, of course. It wasn't like she had any secret meetings there. With cake. Or soda. And the teacher definitely didn't visit them sometimes to see if they were doing okay. Of course not. To everyone's surprise, Tippy turned out to be pregnant. When Tip and Oh found out that the father was Pig , they both blushed as hell before they just had to laugh. And really, who could blame them? Tippy gave birth to six beautiful kittens, who all went out to different Boovs. All except one, a black one (no one wanted to know where the color came from) with Pig's tail and Tippy's eyes. The soulmates gave it to Lucy, who gleefully called it 'Toh', which, she told them, was the couple's shipping name. Though neither Tip nor Oh knew what that was. Eventually, the pair ruled the horror game called Manor of Mirrors, and they both gave each other a high hand touching. Since, you know. Oh can't give high fives. The Creepy Pair didn't stop being creepy, and Toni didn't stop being paranoid, but it calmed down a little, at least… Or, that was what they thought- in reality, things were about to become much, much worse… -Trust Me – Part Two, Into the Light- -The End- TELL ME WHAT YOU WAAAAAANT ...please...?[Chapter 8] Yo guys^^ I know that I'm not actually allowed to do this -shoooot- but I'm taking the chance. I have literally no idea how to reach you in any other way than this. My apologies! First off, I want to say thank you to anyone who had read my stories. You have no idea how much this means to me! My life is literally circling around this page and this story at this point. I know I'm not that good at writing, my chapters are short and my characters are slightly -if not very- out of character. And still you read it, still you leave good reviews and I'm not sure if I want to laugh or cry. I'm really, really proud of Trust Me, it's by far one of the best things I've ever made, and I'm so happy that someone else seem to like it too! I wish I could give all of you a Christmas present from me (if you do Christmas?), but all I can do is send virtual hugs and kisses. *does that exact thing* And on that note! I thought that since I didn't make any Halloween themed chapter/story, I'd make one for Christmas instead. Is this a thing you want? Is that a good Christmas present from me as an overly happy author? I hope so, because I have no idea what else to do, since you apparently seem to enjoy my works- either that or you just don't want to hurt my feelings. Heh. Could be both. And again, I'll say thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you so much for all the support and reviews^^ 3 I'm really shitty at answering them, but I'm trying as good as I can. I see all of them, and all of them warm my heart the same amount. You guys seriously brighten up my day, even if I'm already in a good mood^^ I love all of you~ Your humble author, Kat~ ","Summary":" A/N: Whoah! Hey! New part! Whooho! Welcome to Into the Light, Part Two of Trust Me. Warnings: More-"},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Feel The Light","Author":"Pricat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11226367","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was mid Spring now and Oh was tucked up in his bed but he was in deep sweet dreams about Tip and other things because Earth had changed his life along with the other Boov hearing a loud noise woke him as it was alarm clocks waking both Lucy and Tip up making him cover his ears because he hated that noise being on the floor but removed his purple blue hands hearing footsteps knowing it was Tip hearing gentle knocks on his door, him opening it in pyjamas because he had a long night plus the other Boov were demanding and made him stressed. Tip could not help but smi,e. Since he came into her life good things were happening like kids talking to her wanting to know what it was like having an alien live with her but she took the fifth when they asked that stuff because it was personal, why did they want to know? \"Morning Oh, you okay, the alarm clocks woke you?\" she said seeing him nod but just liked being around her, she was the best thing that happened to him making him smile which made Tip chuckle. \"Yeah I guess, they're loud.\" Oh said. Tip knew he was still getting used to how things were here but she could help but he was very child like which was cute. Yawns emitted from the male Boov's mouth because he had just woken up but going to the bathroom making her understand going to get breakfast deciding to bring some up for Oh or because they could eat together hearing him sing in Boov which was cute. \"Hey the food smells good, Tip!\" he said dressed but she smirked knowing that he was anxious about being the captain of the Boov refusing to use the Shusher and had hidden it in his closet because he didn't want to be like Smek but when he got quiet, that worried Tip placing a hand on his sleeve. \"You're gonna do good, just listen to that big heart of yours because it hasn't let you down plus you have people who care about you, even if you do make mistakes.\" she told him seeing him hug her. \"Thanks for believing in me, as this never happened before.\" Oh told her making her understand holding his hand which was helping too because he trusted her with his life so felt better. He was drinking orange juice but sighed hearing their Mom call them downstairs but she wondered what was going on, knowing it was innocent plus he was going with them thinking about what Tip had said but felt better just enjoying the clear blue skies looking at clouds, imagining the shapes. Today was starting good hoping the other Boov were handling things because he hated being stressed but Tip helped so he was handling it one day at a time. He just hoped he wouldn't screw up like in the past but the past was in the past. A/N After reading the RP for Home that Enligh10 and I were doing on here made me want to write one shots maybe about Oh and Tip since they're adorable plus they belong together. I'm guessing this is set after what happened but Oh is being a dork with being roused by the alarm clocks but unaware about how he impacted her since I guess other kids ask Tip about what happened but she doesn't like talking about it a lot.[Chapter 2] Oh was curious seeing Tip studying for her finals in middle school but the male Boov was underdtanding that she was busy but was juggling leadership with his Earth family which was helping him out but smelt cookies cooling knowing Lucy was baking going downstairs but being careful in case he fell but he was careful entering the kitchen, seeing Lucy indeed was baking but wesring an apron which made him smi,e. \"Hey Oh, I guess Tip is busy with studying for her finals?\" Lucy asked. The male Boov nodded but his eyes widened seeing the cookie cutters plus there were outer space shaped ones but Tne alien one looked weird making Lucy giggle at his child like ways. \"It's okay as I guess they didn't get around to making Boov approved cookie cutters.\" Lucy said to him but they had to go to the store to get more supplies for baking making Oh excited grabbing his keys. Since Tip was such an expert at driving, she had been teaching Oh to drive plus he had just gotten his learner's permit despite the fact it was a flying car. Lucy was grabbing her handbag but telling Tip she and Oh were going to the store making the girl chuckle knowing how Oh drove like an NASCAR racer like her, if they had car racing in space. Lucy was stunned by the male Boov's driving knowing Tip was like this. \"Sorry, I picked up some habits from Tip, Ms Tucci.\" Oh said because in his sweet mind, Lucy was his mother and Tip was very important to him but scared of how they would react. \"It's okay Oh, call me Lucy or another thing you've been wanting to call me.\" Lucy told him making Oh's eyes widen \"Do, Earth girls can read minds?\" he asked making Lucy giggle at his question but if she knew about that, she knew that he and Tip were having feelings going pink. \"Yes I knew as soon as you were willing to risk yourself, for me and Tip but it's cute.\" Lucy told him making him understand but they arrived at the store. Later after getting home, and putting the groceries away both Lucy and Oh were baking but Lucy was curious about him seeing his skin change colour to yellow hearing the kettle done underdtanding but Tip had neglected to tell her about Boov moods. \"We change colour according to,our moods and yellow means fear or surprise, green is lying, red is mad, pink is embarrassed and I think Orange is sickness.\" Oh said counting on his fingers making Lucy underdtand. She saw him using the cutters stamping them in the cookie dough as it was going over the counter making her smile at his antics underdtanding why Tip liked being around him seeing a Boov handprint in the dough which was cute taking a photo with her phone. \"So, your people are pretty shy I see?\" Lucy told him putting cookies in the oven seeing Oh nod. \"Yes but since we made friends with Gorg, we get braver.\" Oh said knowing that was true but Oh was feeling sick turning orange running to the sink throwing up making Lucybrealise he had eaten a lot of cookie dough hearing him whimper, as Tip came down. \"Woah you guys did a lot of baking but is Oh okay?\" Tip said. \"Yes he ate too much cookie dough.\" Lucy told her making her smile getting a hot water bottle but saw Oh rest. Tip had heard of the antics from baking but glad her Mom and Oh were bonding which was good. A/N Here's more of the antics but thanks to those who favourited. In this one while Tip is studying for her finals, a bored Oh helps Lucy bake cookies which is gonna be adorable plus Lucy needs to bond with Oh since we never saw how she reacted when she saw Oh after she and Tip were reunited. I hope you guys love.[Chapter 3] A/N Here's more and wax inspired once more by the Home RP Enligh10 and I are doing and his new Boov OC saying to Oh that the Boov have to fit in if they are staying on Earth made me want to update So it's July and after teaching Oh about the Fourth of July and meeting an new Boov, Tip convinces him to tell the other Boov that if they wish to stay on Earth, they have to fit in or walk in Earth's shoes so to speak like what she taught Oh. \"You mean if Boov stay on Earth, we have to learn to fit in?\" Oh asked Tip because it was now July and after teaching him about how important Tne Fourth of July was and meeting a strange new Boov friend, Tip felt it was only right that Oh and the Boov learn to walk in Earth's shoes so to speak. \"Yes but you're afraid of what Tne otner Boov are gonna think, Ohey?\" Tip said seeing Oh nervous. \"M-Maybe but maybe this is good thing, p,us I am captain.\" Oh rep,ied taking deep breaths feeling her kiss his cheek making him go pink but giggly. \"Thanks Tip, I feel better now like I can talk to them.\" Oh said making Tip chuckle but Lucy wondered what was going on, why Oh was giggling. \"Just a pep talk since he has to tell Tne otner Boov about fitting on, if they have to stay on Earth.\" Tip said mamimg her understand while fixing dinner hoping Oh was okay because this was a good thing, plus people were getting used to having the Boov around. Tip sighed knowing maybe she should go with Oh just in case, knowing how flustered he could get making Lucy nod because it was sweet. The other Boov were stunned but impressed by what their captain was saying about fitting into Earth or walking in the planet's shoes so to speak but Smek scowled which made Oh a little anxious, but Tip sighed knowing the former captain was trying to stir up trouble for Oh. \"Unless you guys wanna look for a perfect place to call home, there's no planet like Earth so I would listen to Oh if I were you.\" she said seeing the Boov were agreeing but Smek wasn't but that was his problem, not Oh's. \"Thanks for helping Tip, because without you being here, it would be hard to explain some things to them.\" Oh said making her nod hugging him. She knew that things were going to be intresting whi,e Tne Boov learnt to walk in Earth's shoes knowing for one thing, there might be a lot of flying cars among other things but it would be fun, but later that night back home, she saw Oh up having milk and cookies guessing something was on his mind. \"Just thinking because if Boov don't know to walk in Earth shoes, then they leave, meaning-\" Oh said making her understand remembering when the Gorg had shown up on Earth, Tne Boov had almost left meaning Oh had left with them but he had came back. \"Tbat ain't gonna happen Ohey, plus you're the captain and a very good one besides being a super Boov so just relax okay?\" Tip said seeing him relax because around her, he was calm when stressed or happy when sad around her but it was good. \"Thanks Tip and maybe I should make you second in command, since you're pretty Earth smart compared to Boov who are Galaxy smart.\" Oh said making her smile. \"I'll think about it, ho,y crud it's three in Tne morning!\" Tip said. \"Tnree in Tne morning is a good time for cuddles.\" Oh said. \"Or sleeping, but it is summer so it's okay.\" Tip said yawning on the couch lying down making Oh smile lying down beside her feeling sleepy drifting off but later that morning, a Lucy couldn't help but smile seeing them asleep on the couch guessing they had been talking about things. She was so happy that Oh had came into her and especially Tip's lives because it was good and helping the both of them out in his very special way[Chapter 4] A/N Here's more of the antics but hope people like. It's the night of the Fourth of July but both Oh and Tip are having fun, plus this one was inspired by something I saw on the official Dreamworks tumblr. It was early evening on the Fourth of July but at the Tucci house Lucy, Oh and Tip were having a cookout but Tip was explaining about the food plus this morning Oh had tried Coco,Pops for breakfast which he loved because it was yummy and chocolate. \"Ooh soon the fireworks will come, because they always set off fireworks.\" Tip said making Oh excited like a little kid which made her heart skip a beat. Lucy knew how they felt but it was cute. \"Yes as it'll be a show like always, you know?\" Lucy told them. Oh was very excited because this was his first Fourth of July but was enjoying it making Tip happy. She was hugging him as they sat on the picnic rug in the backyard because he was very cute plus she cared about him and didn't want to see him hurt, or in danger seeing the male Boov belch and giggle hysterically. \"That was funny man!\" Tip said giggling as Lucy shook her head at their antics but it was cute so knew tonight would be awesome. That night both Oh and Tip were enjoying the fireworks in Slushious but Oh's eyes were wide with every burst of light and every crackle and boom he heard in the sky which made Tip happy because she loved sharing things that she loved with him, like foods, music and other things. \"Wow tonight is very magical, don't you think?\" Oh said. Tip couldn't help but smile at that because it was true holding hands making them happy but blush because they had feelings for each other. \"This is Tne best night ever!\" Oh told her understanding while drinking slushies which was very special to them plus it made them happy. \"Yes slushies layer a part in friendship of Oh and Gratuity Tucci.\" Oh said making Tip smile at how he said he hadn't said that in a long while. Tip \"Yeah you're right and things are awesome, Boov and peop,e share Earth, Boov and Gorg buddies so life good here.\" Oh told her. Tip kissed him as he went pink making her giggle because it was very sweet but Oh was right because her life had changed for the better so was thankful for Oh.[Chapter 5] A/N Here's more of the stories and thanks to InsideLove for reviewing since it a lot to me plus with Halloween next month, I couldn't resist. In this one, it's October meaning Halloween but it's Oh's first one with Tip so they're having fun carving pumpkins, trick or treating and dressing up. \"So, this thing called Halloween is fun?\" Oh asked. \"Yes Oh, since we dress up, get candy and have fun or go to parties where everybody is in costumes but it's for fun.\" Tip told the male Boov. It was now October meaning Halloween was coming up plus all the decorations and Jack o lanterns made Oh very curious so Tip needed to explain to him before something happened. \"Ooh, Halloween sounds fun!\" Oh told her making her smi,e. \"We need to go to Tne pumpkin patch, get a pumpkin to carve into a jack o lantern okay?\" Tip told him leaving the house with him following into Slushious taking off. Oh was looking at the decorations from up above making Tip giggle since it was her super Boov's first Halloween and wanted to help him celebrate it. When they got there, they picked out two big pumpkins but Oh was eating candy apples which made Tip smi,e knowing on Halloween Oh would get more hyper just like any kid in the area. When they got home Tip was putting Tne pumpkins on Tne kitchen counter knowing Oh wanted to carve them right now which was okay. \"Woah, look at all Tne candy you're getting!\" Tip said. \"Yes, but it's cool plus you can go to your party when we're done.\" Oh told her. It was Halloween night and the area was full of peopke especially Boov and kids in costumes but it was fun since Oh was dressed like a vampire but Tip dressed as Boov which made Oh giggle because it was sweet that she chose that for her costume, but otjer Boov thought she was one of them. Oh was giggling hysterically but explaining to them it was just Tip dressed up for Halloween making them understand but she realised she and Oh had to talk about candy before he got a chance to make himself sick. \"I'll be fine, Tip. Boov have big stomaches, like garbage cans.\" Oh told her walking home carrying full bags of candy which made Lucy smile plus knew Tip was going to a costume party but Oh would be better off at home until she got back. Oh was getting into pyjamas but had snuck candy upstairs with him using a gravity gizmo chuckling, since it was Boov tech which Lucy knew that the Boov had used them to move all Earth peopke to Australia when they first came to Earth. He was eating but getting hyper astounding Lucy guessing he'd ate candy hoping Tip could help plus was wearing the vampire Cape over his pyjamas. Later when Tip got home she was stunned that Oh was hyper seeing he'd had some candy smirking knowing he would calm down sooner or later.[Chapter 6] A/N Here's more but know InsideLove is enjoying the stories plus thanks to InsideLove for reviewing because it means a lot. In this one it's early morning after Halloween but Tip is taking care of a sick Oh with a tummy ache thanks to too much candy. \"I told you, why eating a lot of Halloween candy was a bad idea, because now you're sick with a tummy ache and threw up.\" Tip told Oh earlier the next morning. Oh had been sick after eating a lot of Halloween candy despite Tip saying that he could get sick or a tummy ache but it was okay because kids always did this on Halloween but she had tended to him helping clean him up and put a hot water bottle on his tummy. \"Have you ever been like this, from eating too much candy?\" Oh asked her. Tip nodded explaining how she used to be like this when she was little on Halloween but her Mom helped her out, guessing other Boov were probably like this too so knew it would be okay, because everybody got like this. \"I thought that I could eat it all, you know?\" Oh told her. \"I see, but too much candy isn't good for either peopke or Boov but it's okay.\" Tip said to him cuddling him because he needed comfort right now. \"Okay, but I will feel better in a while right?\" Oh asked. \"Yes, but you just need to rest.\" Tip said to him tucking him into his bed kissing his head seeing him out like a light. She kissed his head but left his room going down the hall to her room getting into her pyjamas since it was late plus after all the fun tonight she was tired so was out like a light. Later that morning Tip was up hoping that Oh was okay because she'd been worried for him earlier because of all Tne candy he'd eaten getting up going down the hall to Oh's room opening the purple door softly so she wouldn't wake Oh up seeing him asleep which was cute so left him be because he needed his rest after last night, going downstairs seeing her Mom there making breakfast. \"You want any help, Mom?\" Tip asked her. \"Sure, but how is Oh doing after last night?\" Lucy said. \"Okay, but sleeping right now after last night.\" Tip said making coffee. Lucy wondered how the heck Oh had managed to sneak his Halloween candy past her making Tip smile. \"He used a gravity gizmo, which turns off gravity which was very smart but stupid but he knows now why eating a lot of candy is a bad idea.\" Tip told her. \"Oh, but it's good you're helping him.\" Lucy said. Tip nodded because she cared about Oh very much which she understood becausLater e Oh had madeca big impact on their lives seeing Tip nod seeing her make coffee guessing the other Boov were probably like this too. Later she saw Oh come downstairs one foot at a time which made Tip relieved because she'd been worried about him along with Lucy. \"My stomach still hurts, but the ginger ale Tip gave me is helping.\" Oh said making her happy. \"That's good but it's why we don't eat all our Halloween candy right away, because things like getting sick happen.\" Tip said. Oh nodded but was cuddling with her on the couch but it was okay.[Chapter 7] Tip was stunned seeing that Oh had a loose tooth but it was cute because he had been annoyed until she explained what happened with loose teeth for Earth kids which made Oh very excited plus trying to make the tooth come out faster, which made Tip chuckle but worried in case he got hurt because she cared about him a lot \"Oh I know you're excited to lose your first tooth, but it'll fall out when it wants to, not because of you makimg it come out okay? I'm pretty sure the tooth fairy won't want a damaged tooth, you know?\" Tip said seeing the male Boov nod. \"Sorry, Tip.\" Oh replied as she smirked. \"It's okay since a lot of Earth kids get like this when they have loose teeth but be careful okay?\" Tip said hugging him. He loved her hugs among other things but heard it was dinner time making him excited but while eating corn on the cob, that nagging pain in his mouth was easing but seeing Tip's green eyes widen in awe wondering what was wrong. \"Oh, look at the corn!\" she said. He did so but his own eyes widened in wonder seeing his tooth in the corn taking it off but staring at it along with Lucy but Tip was holding onto it for the male Boov until bed so he could put it under his pillow. After Oh fell asleep, Tip entered putting the tooth under the pillow leaving him be but going to Bec herself hoping Oh would be okay and have good dreams Unknoen to her, a mini fairy had entered Oh's room diving under the pillow finding the tooth but leaving before anybody noticed leaving something under Oh's pillow. \"Wow, his tooth is so different but we should go.\" Tooth said as they left but the next morning would bring joy in the Tucci house. \"Wow, the fairy came like Tip said!\" Oh said looking under his pillow seeing his tooth was gone seeing money under it. A/N He-he I got back into the Home zone after looking at adorable Oh/Tip fan art on DA and hearing about ice made me think of the Guardian's of Childhood so put both together In this one, our favourite, adorable Oh has a loose tooth meaning Tooth will want it plus the memory inside will be special.[Chapter 8] Oh wasn't feeling too good as it was cold and flu season but his head and nose were stuffed up, his throat hurt like crazy, feeling hot and cold but feverish which he was hiding from both Lucy and Tip because he didn't want them to worry, plus Lucy had been sick with this so called cold He chuckled sneezing but was coughing blowing into a tissue hoping nobody heard seeing it was morning hearing knocking on the door guessing it was Tip sitting up in bed getting dressed in his typical shirt. \"Morning Oh, you okay?\" Tip asked dressed in her hooded top with jeans but she sensed that something was wrong with her favourite super Boov. \"You Ojay, Gratuity Tucci?\" Oh asked softly as she placed a hand gently on his purple skinned head feeling it was very warm, that a fever had started seeing he had caught her mom's germs. \"Oh, I think you caught my mom's germs but it will be okay, just rest okay?\" Tip said tucking Tne male Boov in seeing him out like a light going to get a cold cloth to bring his fever down a bit. Lucy wondered what was wrong but understood after Tip explained to her about Oh being sick making her understand but knew Oh had caught her germs from when he'd been helping take care of her. \"He'll be okay sweetie, but we should eat breakfast and get going.\" Lucy told her but Tip nodded seeing Pig go upstairs to Oh's room making the girl underdtand because the cat liked being around Oh. They just hoped that Oh was okay leaving the house getting into Slushious leaving the house only Tip was very quiet understanding that Oh just had the flu realising he had never had it before so the germs were doing an number on him. Later that afternoon after getting home from school, Tip was checking on Oh seeing him awake feeling sick making her understand. \"What's wrong with me, Tip?\" Oh asked blowing into a tissue feeling awful. \"You caught mom's flu germs, so they're making you pretty sick but the flu will get better with a little thing called TLC and medicine.\" Tip explained to him hearing him cough up a storm rubbing his back gently. She was bringing him orange juice explaining it would help kill flu germs along with medicine and love. While Oh was sleeping, Tip was doing homework and studying so was done by the time her Mom was home. \"Is Oh still sick, sweetie?\" Lucy asked her seeing her nod hearing Oh coughing as he was walking to the bathroom sluggishly since Tip had said he coukdn't get out of bed unless he needed the bathroom. \"Why am I sick, Tip as I wash my hands and everything?\" Oh asked Tip later that early evening as Tip was in his room with him because she had been worried about him. \"Germs entered your body when you were helping take care of Mom but there are also good ones called antibodies that the medicine is helping make stronger.\" Tip explained making the male Boov underdtand but curious. He was drinking juice but they were ordering takeout but right now Oh couldn't smell anything because his nose was stuffed up which Tip had explained. He just hoped he would get better soon like Tip had said sighing plus some of the Boov were sick too because of flu season. A/N Here's more of the stories plus watching Home in a long while made me want to update, but thanks to Tomadahawk and InsideLove for reviewing. It's flu season and our favourite super Boov is not feeling so good bit Tip will take care of him[Chapter 9] Oh was working on a Valentine's card since Lucy had explained about Valentine's Day and he wanted to give one to Tip since he liked her a lot and was going pink while making it in his room, since Tip was busy studying and later was going to some dance at her school but was going with her so he wanted to finish it before Tnem. He hoped she would like it because to him, she was a very special human and he wanted to let her know it giggling softly seeing Pig there nuzzling his legs because it was cute. \"Yeah, I'm making Tip something for Valentine's day.\" Oh told the cat hoping things would turn out well because he cared about her a lot finishing up but was seeing what Lucy was up to because Tip was busy going downstairs. Lucy was in the kitchen baking brownies but giggled seeing Oh there guessing he was bored since Tip was studying so he was putting on an apron helping her making her happy. \"I bet Tip will like the surprise you made for her, which is why you were in your room most of the day right?\" Lucy said to him making the male Boov go pink making her chuckle. Later Tip was surprised finding a purple envelope with her name on it in glitter guessing Oh had made it for her opening it smirking at the card knowing he cared about her but was seeing he was ready to go with her to the dance, kissing his cheek. \"Aww, Tip!\" Oh said going pink making her giggle because they both had feelings for each other knowing that at school, boys tried to hit on Tip but she refused to go out with them plus Oh was more intresting despite what other people said about him. At the dance they were having fun but slow dancing together which was very romantic but it was a magical night. Right now Tney were on the roof of Slushious eating ice cream but things were good A/N I felt like updating, after reading the series again plus in this one it's Valentine's Day so Oh is making a Valentine card for Tip plus going to a Valentine's dance with her. ","Summary":" It was mid Spring now and Oh was tucked up in his bed but he was in deep sweet dreams about Tip and"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"The king's daughter","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13094156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello again, viewers. This story is a request from a fellow writer. Penname: alicependragon. Quite very persistent to ask me to do this, and I accepted. This is quite AU. So, enjoy! Bye, my viewers! -Traveler. Once upon a time, long ago, in Camelot, a prosperous kingdom, there lived a king named Arthur with his little daughter, Alice. When Alice was a baby, her father, the king had to take her with him to Troy, a Turkish place because Queen Helen of Sparta was stolen by the Prince of Troy, Paris. Alice loved the idea of going to the war, and fighting to bring the Queen of Sparta back to her husband because she always loved the idea of becoming a knight of the round table just like her foster father, Sir Lionel. Her father, King Arthur, sensing what Alice wants to become, he tried hard to stop her from her dream saying, \"My dear daughter, Alice, I can't lose you. Your dream of knighthood must be stopped immediately.\". But the little girl was persistent, replying, \"Oh, come on, Father. I'm no chicken. I will fight in the Trojan war and I'll become a knight.\". Despite his daughter's assuring words, the king felt as if he would lose her sooner then he expects, so he reluctantly allowed her to continue her dream. After the Trojan war ended, King Arthur had a meeting with his Knights of the Round table before a little hand grabs his hand and trudges it. He looks to the blue eyes of his little girl and he said, \"What's the matter, my dear little Alice?\". Alice said innocently, \"Daddy, I really want to go back home back to Camelot. When will we go back to the kingdom?\". The young king looked thoughtfully at his little girl, replying, \"Don't worry, my dear little Alice. We'll return back home sooner than you think, I promise you.\". They went up on the boats and sailed away from the destroyed Troy and into Ismarus where the Cicones lives. The king sent his daughter to bring back supplies. She said to her foster sister Kayley, \"Now, look at this! What's going on? We've sailed into Ismarus where the Cicones live.\". Kayley replied, \"Aw, come on, little sister. There's no reason to be upset. Your father just wanted to search for food.\". They meet an old woman whose name is Aurora and Aurora is truly amazed of how brave King Arthur's daughter is. She said to Alice, \"Dear child, in all my life, I never saw a young girl so brave and heroic like yourself, and this impresses me greatly. Here, take this jar of wine. You'll find it useful.\". Alice looked at the old woman and nodded gratefully, taking the jar, \"Thank you, my dear lady.\". When Alice returned back, her father shook his head disapprovingly, and he said to Alice, \"Dear daughter, what did I say to you about strangers?\". She replied back, \"Oh, come on, Father. She's really good, and she gave me this jar of wine. She said that we'll find it useful.\". King Arthur sighed in despair, but he said with worry in his voice, \"Yes, but my dear daughter, I told you not to speak to strangers because you won't know what they'll do to you. People these days are neither good or bad. It's the bad people I am worried about. They're dangerous.\". Alice nodded, replying, \"I'll be careful, Daddy. Don't worry so much.\". Arthur sighed, hugging her gently, said to his little girl, \"I don't want to lose you. my dear daughter for I love you that much.\".[Chapter 2] She smiled softly, replying, \"You won't lose me, dear father. I promise you that I'll be careful.\". They sailed again and Alice was holding her father's hand and he looked at her with worry, fear, and admiration in his blue eyes. An hour later, they reached another island with trees and other plants. Upon the trees, there's lotus flowers, and fruits. This was the island of Lotus Eaters, and this time, Alice was really careful due to promising to her father that she won't make a mess. She went to meet the people, but when she didn't come back, that was the time that her worried and scared father King Arthur was thinking and shivering in fear, \"What if something bad happened to my little girl? I wouldn't forgive myself if something bad happened to her.\". Waiting, hours and hours passed while the king became ever more frightened and worried, a sickening feeling formed in the pit of his stomach. Arthur came out of the boat saying to his Knights, \"I sense that my dear little girl is in terrible danger. I have to go and find her, save her from this menace, or else she will die!\". He walked around searching and calling for his little girl and he shouted out loud, \"Alice, my dear little girl, where are you?! Oh, please answer to me, my dear little daughter!\". He called one more time as fear grew in his heart and he shouted again, calling out, \"Alice, my dear little girl! Where are you, my dear sweet little girl?!\". And when he turned around, and saw the unconscious form of his daughter, his heart jumped and broke at the same time. He ran to Alice, hugged her tightly, and calling out to her, his voice brokenly raspy, \"My dear little girl! Oh, please wake up! Please tell me you're okay! It's me, your daddy. Oh, please wake up!\". Alice opened her tiny eyes, and the first thing she saw was her father's blue eyes and blond beard. In a small voice, she spoke, \"Daddy, what happened to me?\". Arthur exhaled, sobbing lightly of happiness and relief, whispering softly, \"I found you unconscious, my dear little daughter. When I saw you unresponsive, I was frightened of your life! Maybe you passed out from the smell of the lotus flowers.\". Arthur helped his daughter up, and he carried her into his loving embrace as he said to her, \"I was so worried after I saw that you were unconscious, but promise to me that you'll be careful.\". Alice nodded slowly, making the promise to him as they made it to the ships. They sailed away from the island of the Lotus Eaters. As they sailed on, Alice could feel her father's hand grabbing her little hand, and he was crushing it with fear and worry. She looked at him, and she asked curiously, \"Daddy, how did you feel when you saw me unresponsive to your calls?\". King Arthur replied softly, looking warily thoughtful, \"I felt very scared and worried, my little girl as if I lost you, but thank the Lord that you're fine. But next time, will you promise to me to be careful?\". Alice nodded firmly, very serious, knowing that her father wouldn't take her seriously if she wasn't very sure of the promise. She responded strongly, \"Yes, dear daddy, I promise next time I'll be careful.\".[Chapter 3] After they sailed away from the island of the Lotus Eaters, the winds blew them to the island of the Cyclops whose name is Polyphemus. Alice and her dear father, King Arthur were having a father-daughter conversation about her future. Her father wanted her to become a queen, but she protested, \"But Father, if I become a queen, I'll be a hated girl, and nobody will love me. Do you want that?\". Her father, the king shook his head and replied softly, \"No, I would never want such a thing for my little girl, but my dear daughter, Alice, I can't let you become a knight. I fear for your life as you're my only child and the only heir to the throne.\". Alice understood what her father is saying, and she hugs him, assuring him, \"I'm pretty capable of becoming a knight, Father, and that's my dream. It's the greatest thing I want to do, so let me be a knight.\". King Arthur knew he couldn't argue with his daughter and alas, he reluctantly agreed to let her become a knight, but made her promise to him that she'll be careful, and she promised him happily. Sir Lionel sniffed the air, and his face turned pale, and he covered his nose, speaking out loud to his wife,\"Oh, Juliana, ew, did something came out from your butt? You must warn me when you fart! I had my mouth open, dear wife.\". Lady Juliana replied back, scolding her husband, \"Lionel, my dear husband, remember your manners! Not in front of our daughters!\". She sniffed the air, covering her nose as her husband, \"It smells like sulfur, the thing that people use in funerals. Maybe we're approaching.\". Alice covered her nose, moaning slightly, nodding with a reply, \"Yes, we're definitely approaching, and I smell that too.\". King Arthur sniffed the air as well, covering his nose with his hand, groaning slightly as he replied, \"It smells worse then sulfur! It's like someone farted old cheese! Alice, my dear little girl, what happened?\". Then he looks up, astonished to see a huge cave. Alice looked up, and her eyes widened in surprise because there was a huge cave. Sir Lionel replied loudly, \"It's beautiful, but it's hot, and it smells like someone farted cheese!\". Alice suddenly spoke, \"Okay, it's official that I, Sir Lionel, Lady Juliana, my sister, Kayley, my brother in law, Garrett, and the knights will be outside the cave because there's no way we'll enter inside!\". Basically, Sir Lionel, Lady Juliana, her sister Kayley, her boyfriend Garrett, and the knights all raised their hands, agreeing with her idea. King Arthur replied with bravery, nodding, \"I'll go inside. I'm no chicken! Now, who's coming with me?\". Only two brave knights agreed to come, and Sir Lionel responded, shaking his head, \"No way, count me out of it. I survived Ruber's attack yet going in there to die inside a cave, oh no.\". Lady Juliana replied next, \"Count me out of it as well. I have two daughters to raise.\". Kayley shook her head, \"Count me out of it as well. I'll take care of my little sister.\". Garret said nervously, shaking his head, \"Count me out of it. I'll stay with my girlfriend, and Alice.\". The knights took their turns, speaking, \"It would be a great pleasure for us to come in there, but we refuse! It smells like cheese farts, so, no, count us out of it.\". Lastly, King Arthur looked pleadingly at his little girl, hoping she'll come with him, but Alice shook her head, protesting firmly, \"No way. Dear daddy, I'm not coming in there. I'll stay outside with the others, and besides I'm only 4 years old, a young girl! And I'm not ready to die inside a cave from the smell, so count me out of it.\". Seeing that his little girl refused to follow him, that made King Arthur feel like she's betraying him, but nonetheless, he understood her fear. He approached her, and grabbed her little hand softly as he pleaded to his little daughter, \"No, my dear little Alice, you must come inside the cave with me. It's a duty of a princess to witness who lives inside the cave with her father by her side.\". Alice couldn't bear the pleading look of her father, but she replied in worry, \"But daddy, I'm scared! I cannot go in there. Please don't make me go in there, I'm really scared.\". The king understands how his daughter is feeling, and he took her little hands in his own as he hugged her, replying reassuringly, \"Don't be frightened, my dear little daughter. I'm here with you, I'll protect you. With Excalibur, there's no reason to fear.\". Kayley walked up to them, \"Sire, please let her stay with me and the others. She's afraid. You don't want to lose your daughter right now, do you?\". The king shook his head, but he told Kayley sternly, \"She has to come with me, and she has to know that I'm here and I'll protect her with my sword.\". Looking back at his little girl who was trembling in his arms from her fear, Arthur patted her hair, and reassured her, replying, \"It's okay, my beautiful little girl. I'm here. Nothing will happen to you. I swear that if something happens to you, I'll protect you with Excalibur.\". At her father's assuring smile, Alice looked at him, saying out loud, \"Daddy, I want to stay outside. What if a giant lives there?\" He'll eat us for dinner! Do you want to lose me?\". King Arthur looked really shaken at his daughter's question, and how terrified she looked, but he strongly replied, \"No, my dear little girl, I don't want to lose you. A father would never want to lose his daughter.\". Seeing that his daughter's frightened, the king reluctantly allowed her to stay outside, but he told her softly and reassuringly, \"Daddy will come back before you know it.\". An hour later, the king and his two knights came out of the cave to find that his daughter is sleeping in her mother's embrace. King Arthur looked fondly at his sleeping little girl, but he had to shake her awake and she asked curiously as she rubbed her eyes, \"What did you see, dear father?\". He spoke softly, \"There were huge plates of cheese, meat, milk, and yogurt. It is the house of a giant.\". Alice trembled violently and asked hurriedly, \"Now, what will we do?\". Just as the king was about to answer, the ground shook, and they saw a one eyed giant coming inside the cave. The king whispered softly, nodding, \"We'll probably stay outside for a while.\". Sir Lionel suddenly sneezed, and the giant heard him. He was about to eat Sir Lionel if Alice hadn't intervened, shouting, \"Get your dirty paws off my foster father, you brute!\". The Cyclops laughed at the little girl, replying with a snicker, \"I never knew that sir Lionel had a foster daughter. Little girl, go away before I'll eat you.\". Alice was furiously gritting her teeth, and pulling out her sword Meredith, taunting, \"Who will you eat? Your idiot tailor? Who will you eat? Your idiot hairdresser? Mister Cyclops, will you see if I'm coming?\". Polyphemus fell for the trick, and Alice came out of her hiding place. With her foot, she kicked the giant high up in the air, and sent him to China. Sir Lionel laughed so hard at this, announcing proudly and happily, \"He's gone! He's history! My dear foster daughter, Alice, you're amazing! You do deserve to become a knight.\". Alice smiled as the knights, her foster mother, her sister and Garret cheered for her while King Arthur stood shocked and speechless. Did he just witnessed his daughter hitting a giant? Sir Lionel called out loud, \"My dear knights, my dear wife, Juliana, my dear daughter, Kayley, and my dear son in law, Garret. Now we welcome Lady Alice as a knight. I knight her Lady Alice of the Round table!\". King Arthur was now really scared after what he heard. As they sailed away from the island, he asked Alice worriedly yet proudly. \"Daughter, are you a knight now?\". She nodded, saying yes, and she pleaded to her father. \"Please, Father, let me be a knight. I don't want to become a queen!\".[Chapter 4] For hours, they sailed in the open sea, and King Arthur was telling his daughter, \"You're really brave, my darling daughter Alice, but I'm not ready yet to lose you. I know that something bad will happen to you, so please accept your position as a princess, for soon you're to be queen.\". Alice protested again, replying, \"But daddy. I'm already made a knight by Sir Lionel! Don't you know that when I'm already making my decision, no one can't stop me from being what I want, and I want to be a knight forever, and not a queen? I'll be a hated girl if I become a queen. Do you want your little girl to die from suicide instead of protecting your life?\". The king knew that he couldn't change his daughter's mind, but still, he feared for her life, and he took her in his arms, and whispered softly, \"My dear daughter, please promise to me that you will be very careful. I don't want to lose you, my dear little girl.\". Alice promised her dad that she'll be careful, and soon, they reached the island of Aeolia where King Apostolos lives with his six sons, and daughters. Hearing of Lady Alice's brave deeds officially told by Lionel, King Apostolos pulled his own sword, and said in admiration and pride, \"I dub thee Lady Alice of your father's fabled Round Table. You proved your loyalty, and love by protecting one of his knights.\". Alice smiled, and bowed down, thanking the king, \"Many thanks, your majesty. I always wanted to become a knight since I was a little girl, and now my dream has come true.\". Sir Lionel smiled at his foster daughter, speaking proudly, \"Yes, my dear foster daughter, Alice, your dream came true because of your love, and loyalty, and desire to protect the king and Camelot.\". That makes King Arthur even more frightened after seeing the official knighting ceremony of his daughter by the king of winds. One night, the king crept quietly outside, and saw his daughter sitting on a two seated swing, and she was apparently admiring her jeweled sword as she mused out loud, \"Wow, my sword looks better with jewels. and I'll still continue protecting my father, and his knights.\". Suddenly, she heard her father's voice speaking, \"Well, I think your deeds were pretty honorable, but no, you won't continue this dream of yours. My dear daughter, it's very dangerous of a little girl to be a knight.\". She turned her head, and saw her father, King Arthur coming to her way with his arms folded together. She scoffed with a sigh, protesting once again as she spoke, \"No, Father. I will continue my dream! I don't want to become a queen! I'll be a hated girl if I become a queen, and you must accept my position as a knight! Please, for the last time, will you agree to let me be a knight?\". King Arthur knew that his daughter was very persistent in her duty as a knight, but still, she's his daughter. She has to stop this dream for him, and he walked over to her, and sat next to her on that two seated swing. Arthur spoke, \"My dear little girl, I know you're upset with what I'm telling you, but you're my only child, and the only heir to the throne. You know that one day I'll die.\". Alice started crying as she hugged her father, shaking her head in despair as she sobbed, \"But father, I don't want you to die! Please stop talking about your death!\". The king hugged his daughter, and allowed her to freely cry in his arms as he was patting her back to console her, and he spoke gently and softly, \"I'm ever so sorry, my daughter, that I had to bring this up to you, but it will happen one day not only to me, but to you as well. You have to understand me, my dear little girl.\". Alice nodded as she sniffed, wiping her tears away, \"I do understand you, daddy, but you have to understand me as well. Ever since I was a little girl, I always wanted to become a knight, and now that I got my dream into reality, you're afraid to let me go on adventures.\". King Arthur knew that his daughter was trying to assure him that she'll be fine, and he reluctantly spoke, \"Fine, you can be a knight of my Round Table, but I want you to be careful. Please, I'm begging you, my dear daughter. If you suddenly died, I wouldn't live with myself for being unable to protect you.\". Alice sighed, nodding in understanding, then she wanted to change the subject, asking her daddy, \"Daddy, when will we return back to Camelot? I miss home really much.\". The king replied with a smile, \"Tomorrow, we'll return back to Camelot, and I missed home really much as well.\". Alice replied with a smile, \"Daddy, tell me again. How did you become a king?\". King Arthur sighed, chuckling wistfully as he spoke, \"Well, my dear daughter, while you were an infant, I was a teenage boy, and I saw a magical sword named Excalibur one day. I pulled it out for I was the true king, and with my knights, I built Camelot. Then on the anniversary of the very same day, and also on your 3rd birthday, there was music and dancing.\". Alice smiled, then frowned, asking him, \"Dad, promise me that you won't lose Excalibur.\". He made the promise to her that he won't lose his magic sword. The next day, it was time to leave, and King Aspostolos gave the king of Camelot a bag which had the storm winds of Zephyr contained in it. Alice, seeing her father, King Arthur carrying a heavy bag on his back, she had to ask, \"Daddy, what is that bag?\". King Arthur replied to his confused daughter, \"The bag I'm carrying is the bag of winds that king Aspostolos gave to me. It has storm winds in here, so you must promise me, my little girl, that you won't open it.\". Alice promised her father that she won't open the bag, and they sailed for nine days and nights. Alice was standing close by her father, and she was holding his hand, and she asked in wonder, \"Daddy, are we home yet?\". The king replied gently, smiling as he gestured with a hand, \"Do you see our castle, our home?\". Minutes later, Alice saw it, and shouted excitedly, \"It's Camelot! We've reached Camelot! We're back home!\". All the knights cheered, and Lady Juliana said, sighing happily, \"Finally, we're going back to our homeland, and to the farm.\". Kayley laughed in delight, \"It's great that we've reached, isn't it, dear sister?\". Alice nodded, before going back to flirting with Garrett, and Kayley smiled happily to see that her foster sister is finally having her first boyfriend after many days of praying to see her together with Garrett. Kayley and Garrett tried having a relationship themselves, dating, but they discovered that they weren't a fit for each other as they traveled for weeks on the ships. However, King Arthur was very tired, and he went to sleep and he spoke, ordering his daughter, \"Daddy is very tired now. I'll go to sleep while you guard the bag, understand?\". Alice guarded the bag seriously, refusing to sleep, but her and Garrett's love for each other never stopped, and they were guarding it together. Suddenly, Alice heard a snore, mistaking Sir Lancelot's snore for a wolf's growl, she started hitting him, yelling, \"Bad wolf, don't you dare eat my sheep! Don't you dare!\". Sir Lancelot was running to save himself, and King Arthur woke up alarmed, and determined to protect his daughter. He pulled out Excalibur and came out to see his daughter chasing Lancelot, screaming, \"Don't you dare eat my sheep, you mean ol wolf!\". That made Sir Lionel laugh, and he called out, \"Alice, my dear foster daughter, he's not a wolf! It's Sir Lancelot! He was snoring!\". Alice apologized to Sir Lancelot, and he chuckled, smirking, \"Don't worry, I forgive you, Lady Alice. You didn't know that it was me.\". Sadly before they reached Camelot, the sea god, Poseidon suddenly appeared, grabbed the bag, opened it up, brushing off Alice. She fell into the sea, and was about to drown, and she screamed for help, calling out for her dad, \"Daddy, help me!\". King Arthur saw his daughter in danger, and sensing that she'll die, he jumped out of the boat. He grabbed his little girl in his arms, and pulled her back to safety, heading into the boat. Heaving for fresh air, he reassured Alice, \"Oh, my little girl. Oh, my little darling daughter, it's okay. Everything's fine, but tell me, who did this to you?\". Alice replied angrily, pointing at Poseidon, growling, \"It was him!\". She pulls her sword out and called out angrily, \"Any more you got?! You dare do this again? You son of a bitch! I won't be hesitant to kill you!\". Garret smiled lovingly at his girlfriend Alice, and called out encouragingly, \"Go, Alice! Show him no mercy!\". Sir Lionel laughed at this, nodding with a grin, \"My foster daughter, Alice, she is really brave, and she's a good choice for you, Garret, isn't she?\". Garrett smiled, nodded, \"Yes, Sir Lionel. Alice is everything a woman has to be. She's kind, she's smart, she's loyal to Camelot, and her father. She's brave to defend everyone from this brute, and she's persistent in her dream which I like that about her.\". Kayley smiled, winking at Garrett, \"Was I right or was I right? Garrett and my foster sister, Alice! You are gonna be a great couple in the future, and I knew it from the start!\". King Arthur pulled out Excalibur, and shouted at Poseidon threateningly, \"How dare you lay a hand on my daughter? I will kill you myself!\". The sea god leaves immediately, frightened of the king's threat, and Alice smiled, and ran into Garrett's arms as he kissed her lips. Garrett pulled back, grinning as he spoke, \"You did it, my lovely Alice! You did it. You saved us all, my love.\". Alice is so in love with Garrett. Kayley laid her eyes upon Sir Lancelot for she is in love with Lancelot.[Chapter 5] They soon reached the island of the Laestrygonians, and Alice decided that she should walk for a little while, telling her foster sister, Kayley, \"Big sister, I'll go for a walk for a little while, and I want you to watch the others. Please don't say anything to Father when I'm gone as I just want to pick some flowers for him.\". Kayley nodded, speaking softly to her little sister, \"Okay, little sister, but please be careful. I'm sure your boyfriend Garrett wouldn't like to lose you, and your father wouldn't either.\". Alice sighed, nodding as she promised anyway that she'll be careful. She left the ships, and she headed to see who lives there on the island. Basically, she hadn't heard nor saw her father, King Arthur following her behind, and that he heard of the surprise she's planning to make for him. She saw a humongous sink soon on her walk, and because she was thirsty, she decided to drink some water to cool down her aching throat. After drinking for a bit, she saw a beautiful garden filled with many flowers, and she smiled with delight, musing out loud, \"They're perfect for Father! I will make a flower crown for him.\". As she was picking some flowers, she didn't see a native woman who approached her from the behind, ready to eat her up. The giantess was so hungry that she wanted to eat King Arthur's daughter up without a thought of the king's reactions if he found out that his daughter has been eaten. After Alice picked the last flowers, and turned around in shock to see a big woman looking hungrily at her, and sensing what the woman wanted to do with her, poor Alice screamed in terror, \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Daddy, help me!\". King Arthur heard of his daughter's horrifying screams in the ships, speaking, \"Is that a voice I hear? That voice belongs to\", he gasped, \"my daughter! Alice! Oh, my dear little girl! Don't worry, I'm coming to save you! Fear not, my beloved daughter!\". Garrett heard his girlfriend's scream,and he panicked, shouting, \"Oh, no! My dear Lady Alice is in trouble! Somebody, please go, and save her quickly!\". Sir Lionel was so frightened of losing his foster daughter that he began crying, whispering in prayer, \"Oh, my Lord! Please save my foster daughter! She's too young to die, and she has a boyfriend!\". King Arthur ran so fast, finding Alice, and he saw the giantess about to eat his daughter! He yelled with anger, pulling Excalibur out, \"Stay away from my daughter, you monster!\". He charged forward with Excalibur, wounding the woman as he saved his daughter. He helped Alice up, and they ran as he took her back to the ships, and panting softly, looking at Alice, holding her face softly, \"Oh, thank goodness you're okay! My dear little girl, I was really frightened of your life!\". Alice hugged her father, sobbing in relief, \"Oh, daddy! I was so scared! Thank you for saving me!\". Sir Lionel hugged his foster daughter, tears falling from his eyes as he replied in relief, \"Oh, my foster daughter, Alice. Next time, promise me you'll be even more careful! I wouldn't bare the thought if something happened to you!\". Alice promised Sir Lionel, and upon seeing Garrett, she ran into his arms, smiling with trailing tears upon her cheeks, \"Oh, Garrett! I'm so glad that you sent my father to save me, otherwise you would have lost me.\". Garrett nodded, and embraced his lady warmly and lovingly. King Arthur was confused, asked in surprise, \"What's going on between my daughter and Garrett?\". The knights, Lady Juliana and Sir Lionel laughed at the king's confused expression before Kayley replied, grinning, \"Oh, sire, your daughter is in love with Garrett, and they are made for each other, and they're dating!\". King Arthur is in shock after he heard that, and he looked over to his little girl who is busy nuzzling, and kissing Garrett. His blue eyes widened, and he clutched his heart, sputtered, \"My daughter was in love with Garrett! And I had no idea! Why didn't she told me anything?\". Lady Juliana replied gently, smiling, \"She didn't want to share her romantic feelings for Garrett with you because she fears for your reaction. Really, you tend to overdo it.\". Truth to be told, the king can get very protective of his daughter, but that's what fathers do for their daughters. He approached his daughter, and her boyfriend, asking seriously, \"Alice, my dear daughter, are you in love with Garrett?\". Alice gulped nervously, exhaled as she nodded, \"Yes, dear father, I'm in love with Garrett. Is there a problem with that?\". King Arthur shook his head as he responded to Alice's question, \"No, there's no problem with that. But, why didn't you tell me anything?\". She sighed, replying softly, \"I didn't want to tell you of my personal love relationship with Garrett, dear father, because I feared that you wouldn't approve of my relationship with him.\". The king looked at his daughter, realizing that she's right, and he understood why. He approached Alice more closely as he took her into his arms, speaking softly, \"My dear beloved daughter, Alice. No, you don't have to be ashamed of yourself for falling in love with Garrett. He's a good boy, and he'll take care of you, I know it. Don't worry, I approve of your relationship.\". Alice looked at him, shocked at first, but then she had a smile on her face. Wiping her tears away, she hugged her father, thanking him happily, \"Thank you, father! I'm very happy for this!\". King Arthur looked at Garrett, narrowing his eyes as he pulled Excalibur out, speaking glaringly, \"I must warn you, Garrett, that if you break my daughter's heart, I'll kill you with Excalibur.\". Alice giggled at this reaction, and Garrett nodded firmly as he spoke, \"I would never break your daughter's heart, my king. I love her too well.\". Then Garrett and Alice shared a kiss, and the scene changed like one in their dreams until they're back into reality when Garrett said to Alice, smirking teasingly, \"You do know, my lovely lady Alice, that we have an audience.\". Alice's cheeks turned pink when she heard the knights cheer. Sir Lionel proclaimed proudly as he cried, \"My foster daughter, Alice, is all grown up, and now she's in love!\". Lady Juliana sighed lovingly, and hugged her husband with a consoling smile, \"There, there, my dear husband, don't cry.\". King Arthur couldn't stop shedding tears of joy in seeing his daughter with her boyfriend, and he asked curiously, \"So, when will the wedding be?\". Alice asked her father in surprise, \"What were you saying, dear father?\". Garrett nodded in surprise, asking as well, \"What were you saying, sire?\". King Arthur smiled as he replied again, being a little more louder, \"So, when will the wedding be?\". Alice blinked in shock, then smiled, looking at Garrett, \"How about tomorrow?\". Garrett nodded with a grin, and everyone cheered as they watched him kiss the king's daughter.[Chapter 6] On the next day, they reached the island of Aeaea which was bordering the land of Camelot some distance away. The Queen Circe lives upon the island, and there, Lady Juliana asked Alice who is now wearing a wedding dress, \"Are you nervous, my dear daughter, Alice?\". Alice shook her head as she replied, \"No, dear mother, I'm not nervous. I know I'm strong, and I can do this.\". Kayley smiled softly as she applied makeup to her foster sister's face, showing her reflection in a mirror, replying, \"Ta-da! What do you think, dear sister?\". Alice was in happy tears looking upon her transformed, beautiful face, she turned slightly to look at her sister as she sobbed lightly, hugging Kayley, \"Oh, Kayley! Thank you! You're really great at making makeup, and getting someone ready for her wedding!\". Kayley smiled as she hugged her little sister in return, speaking softly and happily, \"I'm so glad you liked it. I am so happy for you! I'm sure Dad will like this transformation of yours.\". Sure enough, Sir Lionel came in, gasped in awe as he saw his foster daughter in a beautiful wedding dress and veil. He sniffed softly, tears falling down his cheeks as his voice crackled, \"My young daughter, Alice is a beautiful young wife for Garrett, and he'll take care of her. I better tell the king that you're ready.\". He goes out, sees King Arthur nearby as he called out, \"Sire, your daughter is ready! She's waiting.\". King Arthur nodded, and went inside the room where his daughter, Lady Juliana and Kayley is. Suddenly, he saw his daughter in a beautiful wedding dress, shoes, and veil. Alice was so beautiful that he gasped at the sight, and Kayley grinned happily, replying, \"What do you think, King Arthur? Doesn't your daughter look beautiful?\". King Arthur nodded in agreement, and he spoke softly, \"She's beautiful, really so beautiful like an angel from heaven! May I have a moment with my daughter?\". Lady Juliana and Kayley nodded, and they left while King Arthur and his daughter stayed inside. He approached his daughter, speaking proudly as he's trying hard not to cry, but alas, tears streamed from his blue eyes, \"My little girl, I'm so proud of you, but even if I'm escorting you to the groom, I'll be always here if you need me.\". Alice began crying as she responded happily, \"I'll always need you, my dear father, and I love you, dear father, as well.\". After wiping his tears away, King Arthur held his daughter's arm as he asked gently, \"Are you ready, my little girl?\". She nodded, \"Yes, Daddy.\". And he escorted her to where Garrett was standing next to Sir Lionel who's the priest. Sir Lionel called out, announcing loudly so all can hear him, \"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to witness the union between Garrett and Alice. Their love has saved Camelot, and prevailed. Garrett, do you accept my foster daughter as your wife till both of you shall live?\". Garrett nodded happily, and said proudly, \"I do, Sir Lionel. I will always cherish my Lady Alice.\". The moment was becoming too much emotional for King Arthur that he started crying, proud of his daughter, and Lady Julianna noticed, softly laughing as she replied, \"Sire, you're destroying the moment!\". After Alice said, \"I do.\", Sir Lionel announced, \"By the lord himself and Excalibur, I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may kiss the bride.\". Garrett pulled Lady Alice into a deep kiss and she relished in the kiss happily and passionately. The knights all cheered, and Kayley looked over to Sir Lancelot with a loving smile, \"It's romantic, isn't it, my dear Lancelot?\". Sir Lancelot smiled fondly, replying, \"Yes, it is.\". After they defeated Queen Circe with their love, Alice and Garrett is happily living as a couple, and they celebrated their marriage for one month. And when it was time to leave, Circe told them that they must go to the Underworld to see Tireseus. So, after voting whom has to go, Alice and her father went to the Underworld, and met the prophet, Tireseus. He tells them of what dangers awaits them, and they mustn't kill the cattle of the sun god, or else their death will come near. The king is surprised to see his mother, Queen Igraine in the Underworld and Alice asked in shock, \"Grandma, why are you in here?\". Queen Igraine replied softly, \"I died waiting for your return, my dear granddaughter.\". Alice asked nervously, \"And where is grandfather?\". Queen Igraine replied softly, sighing, \"He lives still, but he suffers from his heart, and the kingdom is in great danger because of Sir Ruber. The people worry about your return.\". Alice, and her father goes back to the Upworld, and tells everything to every knight. Sir Lionel said, nodding, \"Okay, that would do the trick. We need to return back to Aeaea because Sir John died.\". When they returned back to Aeaea, they buried Sir John as it made Alice to cry in sadness, because Sir John was like a brother to her. King Arthur, her father goes to hug her, and he says gently to her, \"Oh, my dear daughter. I'm so sorry for your loss. I knew Sir John was like a brother to you.\". Alice spoke as she sniffed through falling tears, \"That's okay, dear father, but I'm upset at how young he died. Yes, he was a great brother, but what will we tell his wife?\". The king pulled his daughter into a tight embrace, and whispered softly to her, \"Fear not, my dear daughter. I have a plan of how to tell his wife.\". After Alice calmed down, she went to Garrett and he said as he comforted her, \"My dear wife, I'm sorry for your brother's death, but know this, his spirit will always be with us.\". Alice smiled, and wiped her tears before hugging him as well, replying softly, \"My dear husband, you're correct. Maybe he isn't here with us, but he'll always be in our hearts.\". Sir Lionel turned to his wife, Lady Juliana with a small smile as he replied softly, \"Didn't I tell you, my wife, that Garrett is a great choice for being a husband for our daughter, Alice?\". Lady Juliana answered as she smiled back, \"Yes, he's a great choice for our foster daughter, Alice.\". King Arthur couldn't help, but shed tears as he reminisced the times he was with his former wife, Queen Guinevere before she left him for Sir Percival. She never knew how much it hurt him, but this pain made him strong as he knew that his daughter is here with him, as he whispered to himself, \"Oh, Guinevere. I wish you could see how much our poor daughter misses you.\". After an hour of mourning and reminiscing, Circe comes and warns the king of the upcoming dangers: The sirens, Scylla, and Charybdis, and Thrinacia. The king nodded, and told his knights, family about it all, and so they decided to leave Aeaea, and quickly, they sailed away.[Chapter 7] The ships soon reached the island of the Sirens, and luckily, nobody got killed, thanks to Lady Alice's beautiful and enchanting singing of how she sang 'Saint Night'. Later on, upon the early hours of the evening as everyone is resting and conversation is flying about, Garrett said to his wife happily, \"I hope that our future daughter will have your voice, and your hair.\". Alice smiled thoughtfully at this, and she said, smirking, \"And I hope that our son has your eyes and your personality.\". After all, they couldn't know the gender.. King Arthur heard his daughter and her husband's conversation, and he asked lady Juliana, being confused, \" What are they talking about?\". Lady Juliana giggled, teasing him, \"Don't you know that your daughter is pregnant?\". This causes King Arthur to look at Lady Juliana with shock, and he exclaimed, \"What?!\". Kayley smiled as she replied, \"Sire, you're gonna be a grandfather.\". The king walks over to his daughter in amazement as he exhaled, \"Daughter, are you pregnant?\". Alice nodded, smiling with excitement, and she asked happily, \"Yes, I am! Isn't it exciting news, father?\". King Arthur held his daughter in his arms warmly, smiling in joy yet he asked in curiosity, \"It's exciting news, my daughter, but isn't it too early as you has been only married for two months?\". She said to her father, smiling, \"Well, there is an old saying. It's said to be that being pregnant early is better then a late pregnancy.\". He nods in understanding, and said to his daughter in concern and happiness, \"Well, my dear daughter, that's great news, but you'd better be careful. Carrying a child requires a lot of rest.\". They soon passed by the islands of Scylla and Charybdis. Alice choose wisely as she chose Charybdis Island despite the fact that her father wanted to take rest on Scylla Island. After they took rest upon Charybdis Island for the next eight months, Alice gave birth to a beautiful, healthy baby girl. As Alice has her father's bright blue eyes, and also dirty blonde hair that went past her shoulders, her little daughter, Elizabeth, she has received her mother and grandfather's dirty blonde hair, her mother's lovely voice, and her father's cobalt blue eyes, having received Garrett's personality. Some time later, they left Charybdis Island, sailing once again, and they soon reached the island of Thrinacia, where all the knights were killed with the exception of Sir Lionel, Lady Juliana, Alice, Kayley, Garrett, King Arthur and Sir Lancelot. They reached Camelot a month later, and defeated Ruber. After King Arthur, Alice, Kayley and Garrett died from extensive injures which was caused by Ruber, Sir Lionel honored them by making them the rulers of the four seasons: Winter, Spring, Summer and, Autumn. Sir Lancelot helped Lady Julianna and Sir Lionel raise little Elizabeth for a time, then he died as well, marrying Kayley in the land of the angels. Some people say that when it is snowing, and it's Christmas, you can still see King Arthur as the King of Winter, and when it is snowy or sunny, you can see his daughter, Alice as the Queen of Spring. When it is only sunny in the summer, you can see Alice's sister, Kayley as the Summer Queen. Lastly, when it is rainy, and crispy, you can see Garrett as the King of Autumn. Yet when there is unusual days when the weather is strange, the family play, talk, and hang out together. You'd see King Arthur hugging Alice, or Garrett chasing Alice playfully, or Kayley kissing Sir Lancelot, or hanging out with Alice. And long later after Elizabeth became an adult, Sir Lionel and Lady Juliana died, and became the newest rulers of the star realm, sharing their home with their family. Camelot has become a legend, disappearing in the throes of time, while the descendants of those who lived in Camelot kept their stories, their dreams hidden from the known world for King Arthur has told them that the history books could be twisted further from the truth. Princess Elizabeth and her descendants of the future has kept Excalibur hidden as well, for that's what King Arthur and her mother, Lady Alice would want to do if they were alive. And so, King Arthur and the Round Table's legendary stories were lost as twisted stories replaced them, but the heavenly family, and the descendants of them on Earth knew better. ","Summary":" Hello again, viewers. This story is a request from a fellow writer. Penname: alicependragon. Quite "},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Carrie's Brother","Author":"Meowth22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12993413","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chamberlain, Maine – May 26 th , 1979 The town was in ruins. The blazes had destroyed the majority of its buildings. The body count was over two hundred-and was steadily rising. This massacre was traced back to Ewen High School's senior prom. The Prom Queen was treated to a prank, which pushed her over the edge. And she lashed out in revenge-not just on her classmates-but on the entire town as well. But-the authorities wondered- how could she have done all this? It was like magic! The denizens of the town had the image of the perpetrator seared into their minds. Of a blonde teenage girl, with a sadistic smile, in a dress, covered in blood. The trail of blood led the sheriff's department deputies to the roadhouse, where they found five people. Two males, three females. Three living, two dead. The youngest: a four-year-old boy. Among the living were two nineteen-year-old girls-both top of Ewen High's social clique. The first was Sue Snell, who was standing in shock-with blood along her thighs. Despite her shock, she was able to be responsive to the deputies' inquiries. 'Are you alright, miss?' 'Is an ambulance coming?' Sue asked, to which the deputies responded in the affirmative. The other was Christine Hargensen, daughter to a prominent lawyer in town. Christine-or 'Chris' as her peers referred to her as, was a queen bee of the school's hierarchy. And she had a record-having gone through juvenile hall for injuring a fellow student during a prank-and she had a long history of harassing her fellow students (though her Daddy was always there to bail her out). Chris was laying on the ground, seeming unconscious-and unresponsive to any attempt by the deputies to rouse her. She seemed to be in a comatose state. Though breathing, Chris seemed to be in a comatose state. The dead male was a local hoodlum named Billy Nolan, whom the authorities knew all to well for his multiple troublemaking. The fellas at the station had taken to betting on how long it would take him to wind up behind bars for serious jail time. Nolan's corpse was slashed all over-the deputies quickly identifying a switchblade as the murder weapon. Pointing to the dead girl covered in blood, Sue spoke in hushed tones, 'That's her-that's Carrie.' Noticing that the last survivor, the boy was staring down at Carrie's corpse with tears in his eyes, Sue tried to move towards him only for her legs to give way-only the deputy nearest to her preventing her from hitting the pavement. Sue, with a somber tone, gestured to the boy, 'That's her brother.' The deputies looked at each other in shock and sorrow. No kid should have to look at stuff like this, especially with their own kin. One stepped forward to approach the boy, 'I'm sorry, son,' before placing a hand on his shoulder. The boy flinched at the touch, then looked up at the man. The deputy moved to steer him away from the sight while the body was sealed up in plastic. 'What's your name, son?' '…Josiah White, sir.' … All three of them were taken to the hospital to recover. Chris, still unconscious, was placed in a room. Her father was called to notify him on where she was and what her condition was. Fifteen-year-old Chris had just got back home from the hospital after giving birth. To a healthy baby boy, she was assured. The result of a one-night stand Chris had at a wild party-some fratboy she barely knew. She had only seen her baby once. And that was it. Her father had arranged for him to be taken to an orphanage, where he was to be adopted into a family that was better suited than her to caring for his needs. Chris accepted this as the best option for everyone. After all, she knew she wasn't ready to be a mother. She just hoped her baby would find a nice home. Now, she had to steel herself for her return to school. Reclaiming her place at the top of the social food chain. She heard a knock on the door, 'Come in.' John Hargensen entered his daughter's room with concern evident on his face, 'Just wanted to make sure you were doin' alright, honey.' Hiding her pain, Chris replied, 'I am, Daddy.' Placing a hand on her shoulder as comfort, John assured her, 'It'll all work out, Christine. The baby'll be fine.' … Sue, now dressed in a clean hospital gown, waited for a doctor to check up on her. After a pregnancy scare, she had her period after…whatever it was she had with Carrie. Memories that weren't hers were flashing through Sue's mind. ' Carrietta, get down here!' Twelve-year-old Carrie ran down the stairs in excitement, 'Yes, Momma.' Margaret White was carrying a bundle in her arms. She knelt down to let Carrie get a look at the baby, 'Meet your brother, Josiah Nathaniel White.' Carrie gave a huge smile, 'He's beautiful, Momma.'[Chapter 2] Sue was sitting in the cafeteria, having lunch with her friends. On her left was Helen Shyres, her best friend. On her right was Chris Hargensen, just back at school after a long absence. And sitting next to Chris was Tina Blake, her confidant. Everyone was enjoying their lunch until Chris let out a loud giggle. Turning to see what she was pointing at, they saw that someone had tripped Carrie White. The pudding pop was on the floor, her face in the food on her tray, some of it in her hair. Carrie rushed to her feet and sped out of the cafeteria, with her head down and letting out audible sobs. All the while the students laughed at her. … Looking back on it, Sue could only see it as only one small shove among countless that would eventually push Carrie over the edge. She was filled with shame, especially now that she could see Carrie's perspective. What happened afterwards, what happened when she was home. … After cleaning up and walking all the way to her house (trying her best to ignore the smirks and sneers of her passing classmates), Carrie had just gotten home. Momma was usually working at this time of day. That meant it was only her and the- ' Waaaah!' Carrie rushed to the baby's room, where the infant was sitting in his crib, crying. ' What's wrong, Joey?' Carrie approached, trying to put on a soothing voice, 'It's okay. I'm he…oh.' Noticing the stench, Carrie got to work changing her brother's diaper. After disposing of the dirty diaper and washing her hands, she returned to the little tyke's room. ' Are you okay now?,' Carrie looked down at the baby with a grin before reaching down to tickle him under the chin with her finger. The baby let out a giggle and began smiling the cutest smile Carrie had ever seen. One that she couldn't help but find contagious. 'Awwww...', Carrie gushed over how adorable he was before cradling him in her arms. She carefully shook him back and forth, humming a lullaby until he closed his eyes and drifted to sleep. Carrie slowly placed Josiah back into his crib, then put his blanket over him.[Chapter 3] Chris was having a sleepover with Tina, Sue, and the rest of the girls when she felt it would be a funny joke to prank call Carrie White. She dialed the number, giggling while waiting for the call to pick up, but was surprised to hear a young boy's voice answer on the other end, 'Hello?' Chris was taken by surprise. She had never heard that the White girl had a brother, 'Um…is this the White residence?' 'Yes, it is. Who is calling?' 'I would like to speak to Carrie-', Chris was cut off by a screech of 'JOSIAH!' The yell was then followed with, 'Who said you could use the phone? What did I tell you!' The boy sobbed, 'Sorry, Momma,' as he handed her the phone. Margaret brought the phone up to her ear, 'Yes?' Startled, Chris finally found words to speak, 'Is Carrie White there?' 'I know who you are. One of those harlots at the high school. Never call this house again, do you hear? Never!' And with that Margaret hung up, leaving an unnerved Chris to return to her room. The nerve of that crazy old bitch! No wonder Carrie was so weird if that was her mother. Though, hearing that little boy's sob did trouble Chris for a bit. Something about the fear in his voice did awaken something within her. Though she did not understand why or how. … Josiah was stuck in the prayer closet for over an hour now. Kneeling in prayer to the saint as Momma told him to. It was what was needed, she'd say. A God-fearing child needed to be disciplined. Needed to atone for mistakes and learn lessons. Even while deep in prayer, Josiah could hear the debate taking place right outside the closet. 'He's been in there long enough, Momma. Hasn't he?' 'He will stay there as long as he must to learn his lesson!' 'But, Momma-' 'Carrietta, one more word and you shall join him in the closet!' With that, the argument turned silent and Josiah returned to his prayers. … Josiah was sitting up in his hospital bed when a middle-aged, bespectacled man entered the room. 'Josiah White?' the man asked. 'Yes, sir,' was the boy's answer. 'I'm Dr. Surkin. A psychiatrist, here to ask you about…the events leading up to this…' the doctor paused, 'Will that be alright?' Josiah nodded, so the man sat down. 'Now let's begin. When did you first know that your sister had her…shall we say, special abilities?' 'A few weeks ago.' 'Do you mind elaborating?' And so Josiah began telling his side of the story…[Chapter 4] Josiah was standing outside his pre-school. Class had just finished, and now he had to wait. 'Joey.' Josiah turned to see that Carrie was standing a few feet away. 'Hi, Carrie,' he began to approach, but paused when he saw that his big sister's face was red-probably with tears. Carrie reached forward and grabbed his hand. Not in the mood for conversation, she wasted no time leading him along the sidewalk in the direction of their home. The two were nearing their house when Tommy Erbter, a boy only one year older than Josiah, came up from behind them, riding his bicycle, yelling, 'Creepy Carrie! Creepy Carrie!' Erbter let out a chuckle as he sped away from the startled siblings. But in just a second, 'Aaaah!', the boy was screaming as he suddenly flew off the bicycle seat, landing on the ground in a crumpled position. Josiah stared at the spooked boy in surprise until Carrie tugged at his hand, 'C'mon, Joey,' so they continued on their way. The two entered the house, where Margaret, carrying her favorite Bible, was waiting. Carrie paled as she saw her mother's glare. She began to speak, 'Momma…', only to be cut off by her mother's curt, 'Upstairs, Josiah.' When Josiah hesitated, Margaret bellowed, 'Now!' The boy ran up the stairs, 'Yes, Momma…' However, from his room, Josiah could still hear what his mother and sister were talking about-whether he liked it or not. 'So…you're a woman now,' he heard Margaret spat out. 'Why didn't you tell me?,' Carrie cried, 'Oh, Momma, I was so scared, I thought I was dying!' Josiah was shocked. Carrie thought she was dying? Why? 'And the girls all made fun and threw things and…' 'Come to your closet, woman!' Josiah cringed and prayed to the Lord for whatever this was to end soon as he heard Carrie's panicked cries, 'Momma, let me out! Please!' … A few hours later, Carrie had been let out and allowed to go to her room. With things quieting down, Josiah was about to take a nap when he heard his mother's voice, 'Josiah? Open this door.' At the command, Josiah sprung out of bed and rushed to the door, then turned the door knob, revealing Margaret-now with a more relaxed facial expression-standing in the hall. 'C'mere,' Margaret knelt down and scooped Josiah into her arms. She lifted him up, then gently brought him to his bed. 'About what happened…your sister is a woman now,' Margaret spoke, 'And you know that women are at the most risk of falling to temptation and sin, right?' Josiah answered, 'Yes, Momma.' Margaret smiled, 'Good, now, I have to do what I can to save Carrietta.' 'You know my practice: love the sinner, hate the sin,' Margaret laid a hand on her son's shoulder, 'Well, I love you two more than any else in the world, but that also means I must hate your sins more than any other.' Margaret paused, 'Understand?', to which Josiah spoke, 'Yes, Momma.' 'I love you, Josiah,' Margaret kissed him on the forehead, then stood up to leave the room. 'I love you too, Momma.' … John Hargensen was at the bedside of his daughter, still unconscious. What a nightmare, he shuddered. All those people dead, at the hands of that monster… And his little girl… 'Mr. Hargensen?' John turned to see that Sheriff Doyle had entered the room. 'What do you want, Otis?' 'Sorry to interrupt, but I need to talk to you about your daughter…' 'What do you mean?' 'Sir, information has been surfacing about your daughter's … involvement in the incident.' 'The hell are you talking about?!'[Chapter 5] Tina Blake was driving around town, with her fuming best friend seated in the passenger seat. She turned next to her, 'You sure about this, Chris?' Still sore after her argument with the gym teacher, Chris pouted, 'I told you: I'm. Not. Coming.' Tina still objected, 'You're really going to miss out on the prom?' ' Whatever,' Chris huffed, 'Since when did anyone give a crap about that freak anyway?' ' Oh hey, speak of the devil…' Tina whispered. Chris looked and saw Carrie walking down the sidewalk, holding the hand of a young boy, 'Who's the kid she's walking with?' The girls were far enough for Carrie to not spot them. ' That's her brother,' Tina answered. From what Chris could tell, the boy bore no family resemblance to Carrie. In fact, he looked a lot like some of her dad's old baby pictures… ' He's in my brother's class. An odd one, a bible thumper in training-just like his sis,' Tina began to sneer, but paused when she saw that Chris was lost in thought. … 'Mr. Hargensen, several people have come forward saying that your daughter caused the prank that set the White girl off.' 'Who?', John Hargensen demanded, to which Sheriff Doyle began listing names, 'For starters, Norma Watson, Tina Blake, Jackie Talbot…' John interrupted flippantly, 'Look, Doyle, how 'bout we wait till Christine wakes up and she's able to defend herself?' The sheriff glared at the arrogant lawyer, 'Fine, sir, but when she does, she'll have to answer a lot of questions.' … Chris and Tina were sitting in the Blake residence, hanging out when Chris asked, 'You ask around?' Tina nodded, 'Yeah, from what I gathered, the Whites adopted the kid four years ago, when he was just a baby,' Chris' eyes lit up in surprise, a look of cold realization starting to show, 'Four years ago?' ' Yeah,' Tina grew concerned when she saw that her friend was growing pale, 'Hey, Chris, you alright?' ' Uh huh,' was all Chris could respond with. ' What does this matter to you anyway, Chris?', Tina asked, 'Why does this kid matter to you?' After a moment, Chris' paleness was replaced with simmering rage…[Chapter 6] Josiah was sitting on the hospital bed after his session with the psychiatrist finished. Out of the creak in the door, he noticed Sheriff Doyle walking down the hall. He cried out, 'Sheriff?' Doyle turned and stared at the boy, growing pale, 'Yes, son?' Josiah sat up, 'Can I ask you a question?' After a pause, Doyle entered the room, 'Of course.' 'Where's my momma?' When the sheriff didn't respond, the increasingly nervous Josiah continued, 'Where is she?' Doyle stepped solemnly towards the bed, sat down, and placed a hand on the boy's shoulder, 'I'm sorry, son. She was…she isn't with us anymore.' Tears began streaming down Josiah's face, and he began emitting loud sobs. Otis thought up the best comfort for a boy of faith, 'She's with the Lord now, with your sister in Heaven.' … Chris stormed into her father's study, 'You gave the baby to the fucking Whites?!' ' Watch your language with me, young lady,' John glared, 'And what are you talking about?' ' My baby ended up with the Whites!', Chris screamed. John was puzzled, 'What?' ' I saw Carrie walking with a boy. Checked around, he's the right age.' John looked solemn, 'Christine, you know that, after the baby was given to the orphanage, that was the end of our say in the matter,' then paused, 'I thought you accepted that as what was best.' Chris spat in contempt, 'I wouldn't-if I knew he would be taken in by that loony and her freak daughter!' ' Oh really?', John scowled, 'And what would you do instead, may I ask? Raise your bastard yourself?' He noted his daughter's lack of response, 'That's what I thought,' then lectured, 'Now Christine, as I told you before, the matter is closed.' ' Now, I'm off to work,' John picked up his briefcase and began to make his way towards the door, 'Dinner's in the oven.' … 'Sue!' Sue was given a hug by her mother, 'Oh, Mom…' She cried into her mother's chest, 'The doctors told me I had a miscarriage,' 'A what?' Out of the corner of her eye, Sue saw her father and younger sister, Ellen, standing in the doorway. 'You were-', Mr. Snell's upset look dissipated quickly into a more sympathetic one, 'Oh, honey…' Sue beckoned her sister with a glare, 'Ellen, come here.' A glum Ellen stepped forward. Sue asked, 'How did Josiah get out of the house?' Ellen gave a surprised, 'Huh?', to which Sue yelled, 'You were supposed to be watching him!' 'It wasn't my fault! I took my eye off him for one second, and by then, they grabbed him!', Ellen pleaded, 'There was nothing I could do.' The Snell parents moved fast to mediate, 'Girls, girls, settle down.' … Momma was resting in bed after a long day of work when Josiah heard the door knock. He stepped forward to open it, coming face to face with a blonde, muscular teenage boy. The boy smiled at him, 'Hey there,' before asking, 'Does Carrie White live here?' Carrie approached behind her brother, 'Who's at the door, Joey-,' but paused with shock when she saw the boy. ' Hey, Carrie?', the boy greeted. ' What are you doing here?' ' Can we talk?', the boy asked, to which Carrie shook her head, 'Why not?' Momma called from upstairs, 'Carrie?' Carrie turned towards Josiah, ordering 'Joey, go check on Momma.' Josiah obeyed, yet there was something about the situation that left him ill at ease. As he went up the stairs he could still hear the conversation: ' Um, about the prom again…' ' I told you-' ' I know but is there nothing that I can't say to change you mind,' the boy laughed, 'Girls do it all the time.' It troubled Josiah. He assumed the boy was here to tempt his sister into corruption. Margaret saw her son enter her room, 'Josiah, where's your sister?' Trying his best not to betray his fear, Josiah answered, 'Downstairs, Momma.' ' Well, tell her to get up here,' Margaret ordered. ' Yes, Momma,' Josiah nodded and went back downstairs, where Carrie was still talking to the boy. ' Will you please go?,' Carrie asked pleadingly, her eyes darting back and forth to make sure it was only Josiah, not their Momma, coming down the steps. ' Not till you say yes,' the boy was insistent. ' What is wrong with you?' ' I don't know,' the boy paused, 'Maybe, it's because you liked my poem.' Josiah interrupted, 'Carrie? Momma wants you.' At this, Carrie sighed, 'Ok, ok, I'll go.' ' Good, I'll pick you up at eight o'clo-', the boy was interrupted when Carrie closed the door. ' Joey?', Carrie knelt down to her brother, 'Please, please don't tell Momma about this?' ' Tell her what?', Josiah asked, confused. Carrie paused to look upon the innocent ignorance her brother had to the situation before she heard her mother bellow, 'Carrie?', then raced upstairs.[Chapter 7] Chris was standing on the sidewalk, observing as the boy exited the pre-school and stood there, by his lonesome. She couldn't believe that her own flesh and blood was standing a few feet away. All this time, he was here. In Chamberlain. Under the care of the Whites of all people. Taking a chance, Chris walked in his direction, 'Excuse me, are you Josiah?' The boy looked up, surprised. ' Josiah White?' Wary of this stranger, Josiah asked, 'Who're you?' Chris giggled before lying, 'Oh, I'm a friend of your sister's at school…' ' Really?' From the tone of his voice, Josiah was obviously not falling for the deception, but Chris continued, 'Yep. The name's Chris and I just wanted to meet you.' Before more could be said, a yell of 'What are you doing?!' went up behind them. Looking in the voice's direction, Josiah was concerned to see his big sister standing there, bearing an uncharacteristic glare, 'Carrie?' ' I was just-', Chris' attempt at an explanation was interrupted. ' Get. Away. From him. Now.' After a moment of being taken aback at the growl in the usually timid girl's voice, Chris stepped up to her, hissing 'Listen, you freak-'. ' No, you listen, harlot…,' Carrie cut her off by grabbing her by the shoulders, then shoved her down into the mud. As Chris despaired over her ruined outfit, Carrie snarled, 'Don't you ever come near my brother again.' She leaned in close, 'Do you hear me?', before seizing Josiah by the hand and leading him away. ' You fat, little bitch,' the furious Chris whispered as she watched the two of them walk away, 'Just wait and see what I've got planned for you…' … Dennis Loane, chief of the Chamberlain Fire Department was sitting in shock, among the ashes of his beloved town. In just one night, he had lost most of his men. In just one night, most of Chamberlain had burnt to the ground. Loane had never seen such a large inferno in all his years of service. The initial investigations reported that it had been sparked by an explosion at the gas station. But-that did not account for how almost every single fire hydrant had been debolted from the ground. And many other bizarre happenings that were being reported. The town was still digging among the ruins of buildings, digging up what corpses of the citizenry they could recovery. One building, in particular, stood out to Loane: it was an apartment, where a woman living on the top floor was trapped in. Five firefighters went in to save her. None came out. Out of Loane's eyes, there was a shell-shocked stare. One of the men hesitatingly approached and knudged him on the shoulder, 'Chief, the sheriff needs a word.' ... Stunned by his sister's sudden display of aggression, Josiah asked, 'Carrie, who was that?' ' A bad girl, Joey,' Carrie answered solemnly, 'A very bad girl.' Inside she was still fuming at the sight of one of her worst bullies speaking to her brother. She was used to all the torments at school, but her brother? No. Her baby brother was off limits. A crossing of the line. Carrie knelt down to look Josiah in the eye, 'If she tries to talk to you again, let me know,' before pausing 'You understand?' Josiah nodded. At this, Carrie smiled and pulled him in for a hug.[Chapter 8] The White family was eating dinner, in silence as usual. They were having apple pie. ' Momma…,' it was Carrie who first spoke, 'I've been invited to prom.' Josiah steeled himself for the coming rebuke. Margaret's eyes lit up in alarm, 'The prom?' ' Please let me go, Momma' Carrie pleaded, 'His name is Tommy Ross,' 'He's a very nice boy.' But Margaret was as stern as she'd ever been, 'No.' ' But I said yes, Momma!' At this, Margaret narrowed her eyes, 'Go to your closet.' ' No, Momma…' The matriarch was unused to such defiance, 'What did you say?' ' He's a nice boy, Momma.' ' Boy…' Margaret sarcastically giggled, 'Yes, the boys…', as she stood up and got up close to Carrie's face, 'You're not going.' ' I already said I would.' ' Tell him you're not going or we'll move from here,' Margaret's face was growing so red she looked like she might explode, 'You will never see him again, do you understand me, girl?' ' Momma, please…' Margaret slapped Carrie across the face, a queasy Josiah turning his eyes away from them. She was about to do it a second time when her hand suddenly freeze-as if held down by some invisible force. ' I'm going, Momma,' Carrie said with sudden confidence, 'And things are gonna change around here.' ' What in-,' Margaret's shock quickly turned to fury, 'Witchcraft!' She pointed at her daughter accusatorily, 'You draw power from the Devil.' ' This has nothing to do with the Devil, Momma,' Carrie tearfully shook her head, 'It's me. If I concentrate hard enough, I can move things. Other people can do it, I read about it.' Josiah wondered what his sister was talking about, but knew from the expression on their mother's face, it was nothing good. ' Foolish girl!,' Margaret spat, 'You are under Satan's thrall! Just as he ended your father and carried him off!' ' He ran away, Momma,' Carrie retorted, 'He ran away with a woman.' Ran away? A woman? Josiah was puzzled. From what he knew of Ralph White (as in what Margaret had told him), he thought the patriarch to be a devout man of faith, integrity, and devotion. ' That is not true!', Margaret yelled, 'How dare you repeat the lies of the harpies infesting this godless town!' Carrie only responded, 'Everyone knows it, Momma.' ' Carrietta…listen to me: renounce this ungodly power now, never use it again,' Margaret's pleading tone soon gave way to anger, 'Else, you condemn yourself to hellfire.' ' I'm going, Momma,' Carrie stood her ground, 'And you can't stop me.' … From an outside perspective, Christine Hargensen, though still unconscious, was at least in a stable condition. Inside her mind, however, was a cycle of torment: ' Carrietta, you shall go to your closet.' ' For the last time, you crazy bitch,' Chris glared at Margaret, 'You're not my mo-' She was interrupt when Margaret grabbed her by the hair, 'Silence, girl,' and began dragging her towards the closet. ' Let me go, you cunt!', Chris tried to squirm. At this, Margaret stopped and slapped Chris. Again and again, til she lost the will to resist. Margaret grabbed her by the throat, 'One more word out of you, and I will bring out the leather, do you understand me?' ' Yes…ma'am,' Chris meekly answered. ' Good, now stay in your closet and pray,' Margaret shoved her into the darkness and slammed the door. The scene changed to the school cafeteria. Chris was waiting in line when she kept feeling herself being pinched on the arm. ' Quit it,' she gritted through her teeth. ' Quit what?', the boy behind her answered with a fake ignorance. Once she got the food, Chris was looking for a table to sit down at when she let out a cry of pain, 'Aaagh!', when she felt her underwear being pulled up. She was then shoved to the ground, her head hitting the floor. Chris held her head in pain as she watched, out of the corner of her eye, a shadow walk around her with a giggle, 'Sorry, pudding pop!' … ' Joey…' Carrie placed a hand on her brother (who seemed paralyzed with fear)'s shoulder, 'It's okay, keep eating.' ' Get away from him, Carrietta!', Margaret yelled. Growing enraged at seeing Josiah cringe under her mother's yelling, 'Momma…' Margaret continued, 'Do not taint his soul with your devilry!' Carrie blurted out, 'Momma, be quiet!' With that, Margaret fell silent. The kids looked on in surprise as Margaret realized she could now only speak in hushed whispers. ' It's ok, Joey,' Carrie pulled her brother (still frozen in fear), 'You know I love you, don't you?' Josiah gave no response while Margaret, with all her fury bottled up, continued whispering 'witch'.[Chapter 9] Josiah was sitting by himself in the classroom, as was usual, when his teacher, Ms. Denise Farley approached, 'Josiah?' The boy looked up, 'Yes, ma'am?' ' Your mother's here to pick you up.' Noticing how pale the boy's face got at the utterance of this sentence, Farley asked, 'Is something wrong, sweetie?', to which Josiah shook his head, 'No, ma'am.' … ' There you are,' Margaret gave Josiah a hug and a kiss on the forehead, 'Ready to go?' However, before they could leave the building, 'Excuse me, Mrs. White?' ' Yes?', Margaret turned to see Ms. Farley approach. ' Might we have a minute to talk?' Margaret pointed at the hallway, 'Josiah, wait over there,' While Josiah walked away per his mother's instruction, Farley began, 'Well, Mrs. White, I wanted to have a word with you about Josiah…' ' Did he do something?', a twinge of fury hiding behind Margaret's dignified tone. ' Not exactly,' Farley struggled to think up the proper words, 'Don't get me wrong. He's a sweet boy, but he's been making a few…disturbing comments on females, lately.' ' And?' ' And when I had a talk with him about it, he said you got these…from you.' ' Ahhh,' Margaret nodded her head, a glare developing in her eyes. ' Mrs. White, with all due respect, I…' ' No,' Margaret spat out, 'I will not have you taint his mind!' ' Excuse me?' ' You know what I speak of,' Margaret seethed, 'leading him astray from the path of the Lord.' ' Mrs. White-,' Farley was cut off when Margaret yelled, 'No, I've heard enough!' ' Come, Josiah,' Margaret grabbed her son by the hand roughly and led him out of the building. … **Sample of interview by Deputy John Logan of Miss Denise Farley: LOGAN: 'How would you describe Margaret White's demeanor on that day?' FARLEY: 'Very upset, it seemed.' LOGAN: 'And her picking the boy up herself, this was unusual?' FARLEY: 'Yes. Usually, it was…', 'his sister that picked him up.' LOGAN: 'Did you ever notice and suspect any abuse going on.' FARLEY: 'Yes.' LOGAN: 'How so?' FARLEY: 'The occasional bruise…and how he reacted in her presence.' LOGAN: 'And did you ever report this?' FARLEY: '…No.' … ' Inside your closet, boy,' Margaret shoved Josiah into the closet, then slammed the door, 'And pray for the Lord's protection against your sister's sinful ways!' In the midst of the darkness, Josiah got on his knees and began his prayer, 'Oh Lord, please let this arguing in this house come to an end.' ' Kill the witch, Josiah.' It was vaguely the sound of a grown man's voice, but somewhat distorted. Spooked, Josiah turned his head to find the source but there was nothing or no one in the closet except for him. ' Momma?', Josiah called out in fear, 'Momma!' ' Be quiet boy!', Margaret screeched, 'and concentrate on your prayers!' … ' MOMMA!', Carrie rushed into the house, a furious look on her face. ' What is it, Carrietta?' ' Where's Josiah?!', Carrie demanded, 'I've just been to school and his teacher told me you picked him up!' ' Yes, I did,' Margaret told her, 'I put him in the prayer closet to heal him from your devilish influence?!' Carrie rushed for the closet. Margaret tried to intercept her but was thrown across the floor. ' Momma, don't you ever hurt that boy again!', Carrie spat at her mother who laid on the floor, 'If you do…' She continued on the way to the closet, opened the door, and took her brother into her arms, 'It's ok, Joey…It's ok…'[Chapter 10] ' What do you mean she said she can't make it?' Tommy answered, 'She said she had to stay home to watch her brother.' Sue paused before responding, 'I could watch him.' ' What?' Tommy was stunned, 'Sue, there's no way I'm sticking you with babysitting duty on prom night.' ' It's ok,' Sue reassured him, 'just tell her I can watch him for the night.' Tommy thought over it for a moment, then gave his girlfriend a nod. … Sue was sitting in bed, reflecting. Now, she knew the reason Carrie had second thoughts was because she didn't want to leave Josiah alone with their increasingly unstable mother. Now, everyone in town thought Margaret White was nuts. But not one of them realized how toxic her care was for the White kids. Because, Sue guilty surmised, no one in town cared enough to investigate, only stand around, giggle, and mock. Sue, noticing hospital staff rushing around the halls, asked, 'What's going on?' A nurse heard her, 'Oh, excuse me, Miss Snell, we're making preparation to move everyone to the hospital in Matton.' 'Matton?' 'Yes, due to the damage caused by the fires, we don't have enough resources to properly treat all the patients here.' … 'Josiah?', the night before the move, Sue checked in on the boy. Josiah sat up, his eyes gaining recognition of the girl, 'You?' 'Yeah,' Sue slowly entered through the doorway, 'How you feeling?' The boy paused, then tears began streaming down his eyes. Sue rushed to his bedside and gave him a hug, massaging his back gently as he cried into her chest, 'I'm so sorry.'[Chapter 11] 'So, what are you saying, sheriff?' Sheriff Doyle reported, 'Mr., Mrs. Snell, we just got word that Margaret's mother is still alive and living in Matton,' 'Perhaps, she might take him in.' 'Are you kidding?,' the irate Sue was lying in bed. 'Now, Sue…' 'No, Mom,' Sue bellowed, sitting up, 'After the bang-up job she did raising her daughter, you want to entrust her with Josiah?' 'Miss, from what we've gathered so far, Margaret White's…mental troubles had nothing to do with anything her parents did, no signs or reports of abuse…' 'Well, nobody saw Margaret abuse her daughter,' Sue's father spoke up. 'Cause nobody cared enough to look into it,' Sue spitefully muttered. 'Miss, the woman had two children with her second, late husband,' the sheriff was trying his best to persuade, 'Both well-to-do adults now, by all accounts, no criminal history.' 'For God's sake, she never did anything for Carrie and she was her blood!', Sue yelled, 'Why do you think she would take in the boy her nutjob daughter adopted?' … Josiah was cutting up carrots with a knife when he heard from behind him, 'Joey?' 'Yes?' STAB HER, JOSIAH. Chop. 'About this prom thing…' STAB THE WITCH, JOSIAH. Chop. 'I don't feel comfortable leavin' you alone with Momma…the way she's been acting. So, I talked to Tommy, and he said his friend can watch you while we're at prom.' 'What?', Josiah turned around in surprise, the knife still in his hand, 'Go to a stranger's house?' 'It'll be alright, Joey,' Carrie soothed him, 'Nothing bad'll happen. Just one night.' THE LORD COMMANDS THAT YOU STAB THE WITCH. YOU MUST NOT SUFFER A WITCH TO LIVE. Josiah dropped the knife onto the counter, 'Ok.' … Josiah awoke to find a nurse standing next to his bed, 'Wha-,' 'It's okay, sweetie,' the nurse soothingly spoke, 'Just need to move you.' YOU SHOULD HAVE KILLED HER, JOSIAH. Josiah paled when he heard the voice. YOU MISSED YOUR CHANCE. YOU SUFFERED THE WITCH TO LIVE. As his bed was moved out into the hall, Josiah leaned his ears on the pillow, trying to block out the voice. AND NOW, HELL CAME TO CHAMBERLAIN, AND IT IS ALL ON YOUR HANDS.[Chapter 12] Chris Hargensen woke up, still in panic from her mental torment, in an unfamiliar setting. This was not the hospital in Chamberlain. She stood up in bed. From the darkness, she could tell it was nighttime. Wandering into the hallway, she came across a sign saying 'Matton General Hospital'. Her only concern, at this point, was to find the boy and make sure he was safe. … Carrie, already dressed for the prom, was grabbing Josiah by the hand and rushing in the direction of the door. \" Don't you step one foot out that door, Carrietta!\" Reluctantly, Carrie turned to face her mother, \"Leave it, Momma! Leave it!\" \" Josiah!\", Margaret screeched, causing the boy to cringe, \"Come here, boy!\" Carrie stood protectively in front of her brother, \"Stop it, Momma!\" \" You will listen to me, Carrietta!\" Carrie took a deep breath, \"No, Momma. From here on out, you are gonna listen to me.\" Glaring at her mother, Carrie spoke, \"You are to go to the closet and stay there, not saying one word, not making one sound, 'till we leave.\" Margaret opened her mouth to speak, but found her tongue tied. Then, suddenly, she was shoved (telekinetically) into the closet, the door slammed shut in front of her. Carrie knelt down to her brother's level, seeing the terrified look in her eyes, and gently led him to the door, \"C'mon, Joey.\" Tommy was waiting for them on the porch. He gawked when he saw Carrie, \"Wow, you look beautiful.\" Carrie blushed at the camera, \"Thank you,\" then nudged Josiah on the shoulder, \"Oh, this is my brother Josiah.\" Carrie gestured towards her prom date, \"Joey, this is Tommy.\" Tommy smiled, \"Hi there.\" Josiah only nodded in response. \" So…shouldn't we be going?\", Carrie asked. \" Oh right,\" Tommy pointed at his car, parked in front of the driveway, \"just gotta head to Sue's place, then we'll be on our way.\" Carrie nodded, \"Alright, then.\" During the ride, while driving, Tommy could tell, from the solemn expression on his face, something was bothering Josiah. \" You okay, kid?\", he asked with concern on his face. Carrie interrupted, \"He's just shy is all.\" The car pulled up in front of the Snell residence. Sue was waiting on the grass. \" Carrie?\", Sue gasped in surprise at how pretty the other girl looked tonight before recovering, \"I'm…um…sorry what I did the other day.\" Carrie nodded, averting looking Sue directly in the eye. Sue knelt down to look the boy in the eyes and smiled, \"Hello, there…\", then paused, realizing she had never learned his name. She looked at Carrie, who answered, \"Josiah.\" Sue turned her attention back to the boy and regained her smile, \"Josiah. I'm Sue.\" … \"Josiah? Josiah, wake up.\" Josiah opened his eyes to find Chris sitting on the bed, looking him in the eyes, \"You-\" Chris ruffled his hair gently in an attempt to sooth him, \"Shush. It's okay. It's…\" \"Joey? Just coming to che-get away from him!\" Chris turned around to see Sue Snell standing in the doorway, \"Sue…\", and went instantly pale. Sue had a murderous glare in her eyes, \"Outside. Now.\" Sue waited until Chris had walked out to close the door, though not before glancing at the boy as he hid under his blanket. \"Sue, listen-\" Chris was interrupted when Sue slapped her across the face, \"No. You listen!\" Sue then grabbed her former friend by the throat, \"Your stupid prank got Tommy killed, you bitch!\" Chris could only choke out, \"That was an acci-\" Sue let go of Chris' throat, but continued her tirade, \"You were the one who set her off! You and that scumbag boyfriend of yours! You're responsible for all of this shit!\" Still catching her breath, Chris' response, \"I know…I know…\", gave Sue pause. \"Sue, when I was out…I was seeing her life-how Momma-\", Chris cringed at what she reflexively referred to Margaret White as, \"treated her, how…we treated her, how…\" The former queen bee had her head down in shame, \"What I'm tryin' to say is…I know I did wrong…\" Sue's expression softened a bit, yet remained stern, \"Well, it's too late for your 'remorse' to do much now.\" \"I know-I just wanted to see him,\" Chris paused (at this point, what would it matter if the truth got out), \"Cause…\" Sue finished her sentence for her, \"Cause he's your son?\" Chris looked up at her in shock, \"You know?\" \"I've been seeing Carrie's memories too. How she felt…\" Chris muttered, \"I didn't see him-at all when I was under.\" Sue answered, \"That's because she wanted to punish you-make you experience all the misery she's been through, but without one of her few bright spots: him.\" Sue shoved Chris up against a wall, \"Listen, Chris, stay away from him. You've no right to call yourself his mother. Carrie was more of a mother to him than you ever were.\" Chris wavered under Sue's glare, \"I understand.\" Sue let Chris go and began walking down the hallway. Then, she stopped, turning around to look at Chris. \"One more thing,\" she told her, \"words' out on your role in the prank.\" Sue took some satisfaction in the panic expressed via Chris' face, \"Your 'pals' ratted you out. The sheriff has some questions he wants to ask you about that.\" She was continuing to walk away when she heard, from behind her, \"Sue?\" Sue turned around to look at Chris one last time. \"I'm sorry.\" ","Summary":" Chamberlain, Maine – May 26 th , 1979 The town was in ruins. The blazes had destroyed the majority "},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Garrett's Interruption","Author":"LoverofHotChocolate1779","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12808079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My iPod was playing soothing nature sounds in my ears. I was seated on my favorite park bench, sipping on a mocha. For forty minutes or so, I was able to enjoy my day in solitude. To my disappointing surprise however, those forty minutes were short lived. The sounds of a few choice words being yelled by an annoying female voice, overpowered my iPod's volume settings. After her few choice words, another colorful speaker began- this one male. His language was downright demeaning. My mentor from long ago had told me that no matter how capable a woman is to defend herself, a real man will step alongside her to help defend her honor. Nothing to be taken from the lady, but a real gentleman observes when to help. I pulled my earbuds out and yelled in the direction of the man's voice, \"Could you cut the bloody foolishness, and leave the lady alone, Sir?\" \"Who do you think you are to interfere? I was just asking her for a favor? Don't you wanna come help me out, Sweet-cakes? I just wanna tell you about all the things you could help-\" I cut the philanderer off- his mere existence sickened me...not to mention his body odor. \"Sir, the lady does not offer help to demonizing scoundrels. Farewell and good day.\" Before he could reply, I whispered to the woman, \"Follow me.\" I was familiar with the area, so I walked her over to the large oak tree towards the park's back exit. \"Oh, thank you so much! He was so annoying! You saved my life!\" she began to prattle. I don't mind helping people, but I hate it when they continuously babble on about their great appreciation. For me, just a simple, \"Thanks,\" will do. \"Miss, you don't have to thank me. It wasn't a big deal.\" I huffed...almost dreading my choice of intervention. \"What do you mean? You SAVED MY LIFE! What the heck is wrong with you?\" she quipped. Despite my first impression of her voice being irritating, it actually was quite melodic. Even cute when she got ticked off. My face warmed with a smile that I hoped she saw. I hadn't seen my own since I was fourteen. But, that was ten long years ago...before the crash. \"Ma'am, lots of people make mistakes. It is ok. Glad I was able to help.\" I replied as I stuck my hand into my black, leather jacket's deep pocket. I was hesitant to pull my sidekick out of there. I hate talking about that part of myself to new people. I also hate new people. To be frank, I just hate socializing. A long time ago, I had one best friend. That best friend was taken from me though. He was defending his partner because a rogue spook decided he wanted him dead. My friend shoved his fellow agent to the side- only to end up with the bullet meant for his friend that dug through his heart. I knew he had a wife and a daughter. Come to think of it, I never had the chance to meet them. Though, I did wonder what happened to them in the aftermath of their husband's/father's murder. My heart was never the same then. It had been hard enough letting my friend in to my life after my dad died and I lost my sight in that blasted wreck. After Lionel's death, I never trusted anyone again, except for my mum. But now, four years later, even she is dead. Breast cancer had claimed her life. So, here I am, a bachelor in the midst of London. One of the most popular cities in the West, populated with lots of young people my age. I still haven't found anyone I trust enough to say, \"Good morning,\" to- let alone befriend. My thoughts were once again interrupted. That was apparently today's theme. She spoke: \"Well, yes, a lot of people do get themselves in a jolly good bit of trouble. I however was out jogging, minding my own business, whenever that drunk slob decided to chase after me. I made no mistake in the matter of the day, except for existing around men. One who tries to sexually harass me, and another who saves me and can't accept a bloody compliment! I thought that maybe there was one guy left with an ounce of chivalry...but no- I was sorely mistaken!\" she huffed. I could hear the quick rustle of her clothing, indicating she had most likely crossed her arms in anger. Feeling slightly shamed, I pulled my sidekick out and said, \"Sorry- you're right. Now goodbye.\" I straightened my sidekick and began to tap and swing my way back to my flat. I had to get out. I hated these moments. I felt another anxiety attack coming on. \"Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't realize you were-\" I cut her off, \"What? Tall? Rugged? Handsome?\" I answered. I cringed at the tone of sarcastic bitterness in my own voice. As much as I hated living with blindness, depression, social anxiety, OCD,and PTSD, as much as I hated dealing with it, or talking about it, it wasn't her fault. \"No...blind.\" she whispered. \"Oh...well, thank you for realizing it and reminding me of it. Now, if you don't mind, I really need to go!\" I declared as I walked away. Left swing, right step, right swing, left step, 1, 2 ,3, 4, 5, 6... The ever redundant rhythm coursed in my brain. I was good at finding my own way of things...even multitasking. Just not when a young, fiery-spirited young woman with a gorgeous voice and scent of cinnamon badgers me. \"Wait! Will you at least tell me your name? Or does my hero have to maintain a secret identity?\" she asked. When she pronounced the \"y\" sound at the end of her question, I could hear the way it was stressed slightly longer. This hinted that she was smiling when she asked for my name. In spite of my anxiety, I answered her: \"My name is Garrett.\" \"Ah, so the good hero has a name afterall! My name is Kayley.\" she replied. Mmmm...\"Kayley,\" has a nice ring to it. I smiled, \"Well, Kayley, it has been very nice to give my secret identity away. I hope I can keep confidence that you won't tell anyone, right?\" I questioned. I hadn't felt this happy in a long time. I suppose this is what it feels like to make a new friend. \"Did Foggy Nelson ever suspect who Matt Murdock was?\" she countered. I was taken aback by her quick witted answer- involving comic book characters no less. Of I happen to be addicted to. \"Not until much later. But, the common folk do get suspicious.\" I answered. \"Alright, so you can keep up.\" she laughed. I felt two emotions in that moment. One, awe of the beauty of her laughter. Two, disgust that she had just said, \"...you can keep up.\" Yet, I had made a misjudgment of her meaning. \"It is so hard engaging in conversations with others sometimes. I love to make comic hero jokes, but not everyone gets the references.\" she explained. I felt a stab of guilt as I realized my lame mistake. I need to stop being so paranoid. But that was when the paranoia began again. I ran my fingers through my neck length hair- it was one of my compulsions when I got overwhelmed. I needed to get away...without Kayley. \"Listen, uh...meet me under the oak tree again tomorrow at noon. Okay?\" I asked...my voice began to quiver. I hate these blasted anxiety attacks. The neighborhood's cacophony was beginning to get unbearably loud. I was entering sensory overload. Then, the unthinkable happened. She laid a delicate hand on my shoulder. The sensation was a double-edged sword. One part of me suddenly desired for close physical contact with her. The other, the part of me that hated the unseen, unknown outside world- repulsed. I involuntarily flinched at her touch. She didn't move it though. Instead she got closer to me and whispered, \"I'd really enjoy that, Garrett. And, to answer your questions earlier: Yes, to being tall. Yes, to being rugged. And, yes...you are quite handsome. But, you are also very brave and sweet.\" My mouth suddenly grew a brain of its own and dropped a tad. As I tried to say, \"Uh...uh...uh...thank you,\" she ghosted on me. \"Kayley?\" I called. No answer.[Chapter 2] I was having a hard time believing that I had actually followed through with my stupid idea. Yet, I was here under the oak tree in the same fateful park. I have a habit of being too early - it was only 11:45 in the morning. But, I have made it this far. I am not turning back yet. My mind rattled on with quite a few, \" Maybe I shouldn't be here,\" and \"She isn't going to come,\" thoughts. However, when meeting random new people, I suppose being anxious is normal. I needed to catch my head. I took my earbuds out and played, \" Just the Way You Look Tonight,\" by Frank Sinatra. His smooth voice and the sound of the cool jazz helped to calm me. As I listened to the well-memorized lyrics, I deeply inhaled. I let it all out. \" and just the way you look tonight... \" The song faded as I was finally able to relax. The track changed. Now, it was Ray Charles in my ears, singing, \"Georgia! Georgia! I got Georgia on my mind...\" So, I listened to his amazing, raspy voice and counted up to ten. Soon, I felt that same gentle touch again. I knew it was her. I had kept my sidekick grasped in my hand. I stood up, folded my cane, and shoved it back into my jacket pocket. \"Hey there! Any more damsels in distress to be rescued on your daily schedule?\" she asked. Excitement drenched her words. I found myself being even more so drawn to her energetic spirit. \"Only if you happen to involuntarily attract more slobs.\" I answered . With her here now, I felt my heart palpitate a bit faster. But, it wasn't too bad. My shoulders weren't as tense. I didn't clamp my jaws together as harshly. She didn't bother me too much. It was very refreshing. Even the neighborhood's cacophonic symphony became slightly more tolerable. \"Would you like to be seated?\" I asked. \"No, thank you. I'd actually prefer taking stroll. At least, if that is okay with you?\" she asked. I felt perspiration began to bead on my forehead. I hadn't left my neighborhood since my mother's death. She'd be rolling in her grave if she knew how reclusive I've become. I at least had to do this for her, for my father, for Lionel. They wouldn't want to see me living like this. I have always preferred being alone. I have always struggled with obsessive -compulsive behaviour. Yet, it all increased and spiraled into full blown disorders after the crash. Along with the those things. the crash introduced me to total blindness and PTSD. The blindness and death of two father figures, and later my mother ushered the depression. The crash alone brought on the PTSD. When I hear loud sounds-fireworks, gunshots, or lots of background noise- it triggers sensory overload and flashbacks. My mind and body replay the feeling of my head hitting the windshield and being thrown out of the car. My ears replay the sounds of my father screaming. All the while he writhed in pain as his body burned alive before the car exploded. Somehow, Kayley sensed my panic. \"We don't have to go far. I just had a really bad muscle cramp in my right leg last night. It still hurts to walk on it, but I have to. Besides, it is a lovely day out, and I am simply starved for the feel of sunshine on my face. What say you?\" she proposed. I creased my brows in concern for her, \"Are you sure your leg is feeling up to it? I know that really hurts.\" I used to get those same blasted muscle spasms when I was younger. \"Definitely.\" she replied. \"Okay, then.\" I said. \"I'm not very familiar with this neighborhood. I just wanted a new place to jog yesterday. Would you be okay with showing me around?\" she asked. \"Did you just ask the resident blind man to give you a tour?\" I asked in shock. \"Do you always second guess yourself this much? Of course I just asked you to give me a tour. You can hear alright, can't you?\" she teased. \"Of course I can. And if I were deaf, I suppose you would ask if my olfactory nerves still functioned too, correct?\" I trumped. I wasn't sure how I felt about her sense of humor. \"Look, I don't really give a horse's backside if you are blind, deaf, olfactory functioning, or purple. But, I am not going to sit here alongside you in your puddle of self pity. If you would like to wallow here alone, that is fine with me. I still have a load of laundry waiting to be put away in my apartment. \" she said. I heard her turn around to leave. Her footsteps gaining speed. \"Kayley...wait! Kayley?\" I called. There you go again. You screwed that up. All you can do is screw things up, huh? Please answer me , Kayley ! \"Kayley?\" I asked. \"I'm here.\" she answered softy. \"Oh...thank heavens!\" I sighed. \"Where exactly is 'here'?\" I questioned. \"Your right at three o' clock.\" she directed. As I turned to walk in her direction, I was suddenly shoved up against the low brick wall surrounding the outside parameters of the park. \"Ouch! What the...?\" I barked. My right hip started to complain from its make out session with the wall. \"Watch where you're going, fool!\" came the voice of some man. \"Sorry!\" Kayley yelled. \"What just happened? Please tell me I wasn't about to be trampled by a talking, two-headed dragon.\" I joked. My father would try to make jokes out of tough situations. My mum told me that was one of things that made her fall in love with him. Apparently, I have knack for it myself somewhat. \"Apparently, that puddle of yours is slowly evaporating.\" she chuckled. I wasn't ready to let my guard down completely. However, the tiniest of cracks began to fracture my heart's walls.[Chapter 3] \"So, what were you listening to earlier?\" Kayley asked me. \"At that moment, I was listening to Ray Charles. Beforehand, I was listening to Frank Sinatra.\" I answered. \"They are both very good. When I was a kid, my nextdoor neighbor was a nurse. She told me a story about one of Ray's songs.\" Kayley said. This is interesting. \"Oh, really what about?\" I questioned as we walked. \"Well, she worked in a nursing home. The place she was stationed in was where the elderly struggled with alzheimer's and dimensia. There was this one lady who used to travel to New Orleans, Louisiana, every summer. She would go on about the music, the lights, the dancing...and a few other things, if you catch my drift. \" Kayley laughed before continuing, \" Anyway, that lady would always wander out of her room at night. Usually, towards midnight or so, she would dance in the hallway- dressed in a poodle skirt with bright red heels. She thought she was dancing with her husband, she called for him often my neighbor said. She called him, 'Reginald.' My neighbor would try to get her to go back to her room to sleep, but she always said that she was waiting on Reggie. He never came back for the last dance. Quite sad, when I think of it, honestly. The only way my neighbor was able to get her to go back was to sing Ray Charles' song, 'Walking to New Orleans,' while she danced with her. I always wiped a tear or two while I laughed as a girl.\" \"Wow, that is both sad and funny. I wonder what ever happened to her husband?\" I thought aloud. \"I never found out.\" she sighed. She sounded genuinely sorrowful in her admission. \"How long have we been walking now, do you think?\" I questioned. \"About twenty minutes. Do you want to take a break?\" she offered. \"We should be in front of the music store right now. If I remember correctly from the last time I was here, there should be a couple rocking chairs outside. Care to take a load off?\" I asked. \"Yes, please.\" she said. As we took our seats, I had two questions jump into my head. \"How is your leg feeling now?\" \"Much better, thank you.\" she replied. \"Well, you know that I like Ray Charles and Frank Sinatra. What do you like to listen to?\" I really did wonder about her musical preferences. Kayley let out a frustrated breath, \"That is such a hard question! Oh, I am really quite complicated when it comes to what I like. I find my taste varies exceedingly.\" she explained. \"Oh. Then, what style do you to listen to most?\" I probed. \"Probably country.\" she confessed a bit sheepishly. \"Why do you sound so bothered by telling me you like country?\" I chuckled. \"Because, most of the time, people respond weird to me when I say that. I still haven't figured out why, though.\" she admitted. \"I think country is nice. But, as I'm sure that you have figured out, I mostly prefer jazz.\" I said. \"Cat, that is so cool. I really dig ya, my friend. You just gotta feel it.\" she said in the lame attempt of a jazz master. I took a deep breath and shook my head. \"What? Too much?\" she asked. I just nodded my head, \"Yes.\"[Chapter 4] Month 1 We saw each other off and on. I think she purposefully would come jogging around my park so she could just catch a glimpse of me. I wish I could return the favor. I haven't been going out there as much. I like her a bit, but I am not sure how to deal with this. Really, I am not sure how to deal with Kayley. She is an energetic volcano with a talent of saying really blunt things. Not that it is bad, I get very tired of the political correctness. I am blind- let the populous use the word- BLIND. She doesn't seem to care though, which is very refreshing. Month 2 I was walking to the café to get my coffee one morning. Somehow, Kayley managed to run- or rather jog into me. Is she stalking me? She asked if she could join me. I agreed, and we drank our coffees together outside under the shop's awning. The summer breeze was cool. Our conversation though was minimal. After awhile, Kayley said she had to leave. Before her departure, she placed a thick piece of paper in my hand. I wasn't sure what to think of her gesture, but was completely clear of her intention. She bid me farewell. Then, I could hear her footsteps as she began to warm up again to finish her morning routine. Later, when I got home, I pulled the paper out. To my surprise, she had written me a note- in Braille. I ran my sensitive finger tips over it. It read: Dear Garrett, From what I can tell, you are a very private person. Which is okay! But, I do want to be friends with you, when you are ready. So, instead of me giving you my phone number, here's my email address. Hope to hear from you soon. - Kayley \"This is different.\" I said aloud to myself. Her discreet, caring act began to chip away at the crack she made in my heart's walls. I also thought her email address was rather strange. What does, \"On her father's wings,\" mean? Month 3 I had gotten overloaded with work. I manage a website that sends out products to reviewers. It keeps me in an endless amount of awe at the useless things people buy. My research had also possessed me. I have always loved Arthurian lore. Something about the legend, if not the actual time, has resonated deeply with me somehow. I feel interwoven with it. So, along with my job, I research the different tales and their writers. I compose my thoughts of the material online as well. It was the last day of the month, and I almost closed my laptop for the night. Yet, Kayley crept back into my head. It had been a few weeks since I had spoken to her. That time at the bookstore, I was looking for more from Sinatra. She was looking for Brett Young's latest release. I remembered her email. I decided that tomorrow, which was a Saturday, would be when I send my first message. Month 4 The laptop hummed slightly as I turned it on. The JAWS program reading aloud to me this notification and that notification as I looked through my inbox. Nothing was of any interest/ So, I took a deep breath, opened the \"New Message\" icon, and then my fingers began to dance away on the tiled floor of my keyboard. I wrote: Dear Kayley, Thank you for being patient. As you observed, I am very private. Even typing this message right now is difficult. But, I know it is time for me to reintroduce myself to the world. It has been too long. That is not what matters right now. What does matter is my strong curiosity at your...unique email address. Why onmyfatherswings? -Garrett A few hours later- I knocked a few things off of my weekend to-do list. Wash clothes: done. Cleaned office area: done. Everything else that revolves around owning a flat: done. With a fresh cup of coffee in my hand, I sat down at my desk. I asked my computer, \"Are there any new emails?\" JAWS replied, \"One new email from onmyfatherswings. Do you want to open this message?\" \"Yes, open, please.\" JAWS read: Dear Garrett, It has been awhile since I have \"ran\" into you. Sorry about that- I get carried away easily- of you haven't noticed by now. I don't need to know your story unless you want to tell me. I do not want you to feel pressured whatsoever. I also have something concerning you to which I am curious. What do you do for a living? What do you do for fun? You seem like you don't socialize much, but there MUST be something you enjoy!! Aside from rescuing random damsels in distress. I am laughing so hard at that memory!! I was so angry with that slob!! And even you for insinuating that I would be THAT careless!! My mother tells me often that my head is up in the clouds, however I am not an idiot. My father used to encourage me to dream with all I had in me. He was my encourager- my entourage. My mother had always been the practical one in their marriage. Now since my father died ten years ago, she is still the practical one in her relationship with me. You asked about my email name. The reason why is this: my father was murdered in the line of duty. He always told me to let my wings soar and fly high! So, now that he is in Heaven, I try to stay positive, and dream that I can fly on my father's wings. -Kayley After it finished reading her message to me, I had to lean back and take her revelation in. She lost her father ten years ago in the line of duty. Lionel died ten years ago. He was a police detective. He had a wife and a young daughter. Could it be? Could this all somehow be divinely planned? Is Kayley Lionel's daughter? Now more than ever did I realize that it is time to say, \"Hello,\" to the world again. Despite all that I have been through, my loyalty to Lionel overrides it all. If she truly is Lionel's daughter, then she deserves to know the truth. I knew her father. Seems like this will be a time of admission and renewal...a season of new attempts.[Chapter 5] Sent at 9:00 a.m. on August 14, 2018 Dear Kayley, Your last email made a lot of questions sprout in my mind. A lot of which are too personal to ask via this email that I am typing. There will be only one way that I will ask you. Meet me in the park, tomorrow at noon, under the oak tree. Good things seem to happen there, and I hope that this will be another good thing too. Come with an open mind and an open heart. By the way, for once in the last few years of my life, I am actually excited about meeting up with someone. -Thanks, Garrett[Chapter 6] I desperately tried to focus all of my attention on making my fingertips work. My anxiety did not want to cooperate though...typical. Still, I tried again, with success. My fingertips rested on the Braille watch attached to my wrist. It read 11:56. Only four minutes until she should hopefully be here. I knew it would most likely have been frugal to check my notifications to see if she had sent a reply, but I decided not to. Kayley is a mystery. Mysteries have clues. If she wanted to talk with me then she would be here. Hopefully, her clues could help me solve her and her odd similarities to Lionel. I checked the time on my watch again- now reading 11:59. Any second now...and this case might be closed...or will it?[Chapter 7] I tentatively felt my watch-face again. Now, it was 12:30. Something was wrong...very wrong. In the few months that I had known Kayley, she had been no more than five minutes late, if even that. I pulled my sidekick out and made my way to the park's exit. Listening very closely to all that was going on around me, I kept on thinking of scenarios that might have happened that prevented her from coming. 1: She never got the email. 2: Deep down inside, she thought I was a freak of nature. 3. Maybe she did respond, and I was too stubborn to check and see if she had. 4: She overslept due to illness. 5: She was sick of me. Ugh, I hate it when this happens!! A change of events comes and my mind spirals into chaos. If I would never have met Kayley I wouldn't be in this predicament!! Then again, had I never met her, I would've missed out on the most amazing summer of my life. My thoughts about Kayley followed me into my flat. I sluffed all of my carryon onto the couch. Normally, I would never perform such a slobbish act, but today I allowed it to happen. I have more to care about now than it being placed properly. Honestly, it isn't even that I have more to care about these days. Rather, I have SOMEONE to care about. Hmm, there is a new concept. A lady to care about. Not just any lady either, MY LADY. I felt my shoulders tense against the back of my desk chair at that thought. Did I really just confess to myself that I thought of her as MY LADY? Apparently, I did. I wonder if she has ever thought of me before as her man? That would be brilliant!! Suddenly, a quick DING pulled me out of my thoughts. I had a new message on my computer. After I opened the email, the JAWS program informed me that it was a video. I drew the mouse hand over to it. As I started the video, I experienced the most unnerving feeling since my mother had passed. This feeling was brought on by the rasping, muffled breaths of a woman. I knew without a shadow of doubt that the woman was Kayley. A voice started speaking. One eerily familiar to a voice I had not heard in a long while. It was male. His voice was deep. Indicating that he was most likely of a well proportioned frame. He spoke with confidence. Not the good kind from lessons well learned, but the kind that is egotistical. So egotistical in fact, you could point a pencil in the direction of his head and it would pop from being grossly inflated. These are the foul words that proceeded out of his vile mouth, \"Hello, Garrett. It has been a long time since we have seen each other. But, then again, we still aren't seeing each other now!!! Nor shall we ever!! Another person of whom you will not see, pardon my mistake there; another person you will never speak to again is visiting me. She is oh, so lovely. Her skin feels like velvet. Her lips look so pink and tender. She has eyes like a beautiful doe, Her hair is long, lush and curls in all the right places as they falls over delicate, shoulders. Her eyelashes are fluttering against my hand because I am applying so much pressure over her mouth and nose. I told her earlier that she can not make even a single peep. She reminds me so much of her beautiful mother...Except for one teeny, tiny detail, she has brown eyes. Brown eyes...just like her father, Detective Lionel Reeves. He worked as an undercover agent for the London police...who were in cahoots with MI6. He was all buddy, buddy with his partner, Secret Agent Arthur Pen. Lionel was second in command under Secret Agent Pen. Pen's instincts and fighting skills were so fierce that people in the agency dubbed him, \"The Dragon.\" The Dragon just so happened to introduce Lionel to his cousin, Julianna Smythe. She was the woman whom I was seeing. I loved her more than anything. Had she chosen me, then this pretty, little wench would have been my spawn. Yet, she fatefully chose Lionel over me. This wench would have had my green eyes, instead of these blasted brown ones!!!\" My hands were clasped so tightly against my desk that I thought they would explode from the pressure. How dare he call her that!! How dare he defame Lionel, his family, and friends??!! I could not bear to listen any longer, yet I had to. I had to know what became of Kayley. \"Your little wench has something to tell you, Garrett!\" The man declared. His hand was now apparently off her mouth because she spoke...or rather gasped. \"Garrett!! He forced me to give him your email! I am so sorry!!\" Then there was a blood curdling SMACK!!!! Did he slap her? Oh...if he laid one hand in violence to her... \"You Spoiled Wench!!! That is not what I told you to say!!! Speak what I told you to, or your life could end sooner than expected!!!\" The ogre commanded. I could hear it in her voice. She was holding back her tears- trying to stay strong. \"Garrett, he wants you to contact Agent Pen. He is holding me hostage for 3,000,000. Pen and my mother have to bring the money by Friday. If the money is not here by 2:00 p.m. Friday, he is going to kill me!!\" she cried. The man started speaking again, \"Listen closely, Loverboy,\" he paused. A moment later there was an ear splitting CLANK!!! He began speaking again, \"That sound you just heard belongs to the blade of my sword. It is the same blade that will stab your darling in the back. Just as her mother stabbed me in mine!! You have two days to save your little pretty. I suggest you start following the path to save her. Follow the bread crumbs that I leave for you.\"[Chapter 8] Ruber Fitzgerald... that name was one that I could have gone the rest of my life without hearing again. Although, it was apparent that I would not be able to do so. As I meandered through sorting my chaotic thoughts from my rational ones, I had an idea. It took me awhile to get an idea due to the chaotic thoughts, yet after its seed was planted in my head, it quickly took root. I logged out of my email and brought up my Snapgram account. I typed into the search bar, \"Julianna Reeves.\" Finally I found a description that fit Kayley's mother based off what Kayley had shared with me. Mrs. Reeves was an historian of noble women from the Middle Ages. Kayley had said that her mum was very passionate about etiquette and antiquity. Her job definitely suited her. I clicked onto her account and hit the message icon. When the chat opened, I quickly typed a message. After I explained who I am and my connection to her family, I sent Mrs. Reeves my phone number. Then I did something I hadn't done in a very, very long time. I prayed. \"God, if You're there. If You can hear me, if You're real, if You ever pay any attention to what is happening in my life, now is the time I need You too. Get Julianna's attention. Get her in touch with me quickly. Help us to contact Agent Pen and get the £3,000,000. Take a note, God, because I'm actually asking You for help.\" ~10 Minutes Later~ My phone announced to me, \" Unknown number calling.\" I had a feeling deep in my gut that God HAD heard my prayer. I answered the phone, \"Hello?\" A panicked, mature voiced female speaker stumbled over her words as she asked, \"I-i-s this Garrett?\" \"Speaking. Julianna?\" \"Yes! Is this real?\" \"Unfortunately, it is. Are you still in contact with your deceased husband's old partner, Secret Agent Pen? \" \"Yes, he and his wife, Gwen, eat dinner with me quite often.\" \" Good. You need to call him and have him meet me at my flat within the next hour. You need to be here too. Get a pen, and write down this address.\" After she transcribed my address, we hung up. Although, it didn't suffice me anything to \"look\" up, I did anyway. I kept my head in that direction for what felt like a long time. Honestly, I was quite humbled. I needed to realize that I had to open my heart back up to others. In doing so, I opened my heart back up to God. I had shut Him out for many years. \"Thank You.\" I whispered. ","Summary":" My iPod was playing soothing nature sounds in my ears. I was seated on my favorite park bench, sipp"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Highlander","Author":"Hija de la Tempestad","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12725353","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Highlander\" Chap. 01: Him . Highlander. The first time he had been labeled by that term had been ten years ago, when he had roamed the land alone, dirty, starving to the near point to start considering eat his own horse, the only valuable possession he had to his name by that time, and a pigheaded sixteen-year-old self who had thought that traveling to the South was the brightest idea ever. It wasn't. War had been raging for more than two decades since the late King, Uther Pendragon, had been slain at the hands of those who he had once called \"allies\". Not that the old man didn't deserve it with that business of invading Tintagel, slaying Duke Gorlois with whom the King had shared a peace pact he had shattered lusting after the wife of the other man, and reclaiming the said wife, then a widow, for himself. The old fetcher had been betrayed by Gorlois' sympathizers, chased like a dog, and ultimately sinking his old sword, a symbol to his authority, in a stone, swearing that nobody but him would wield it… and thus, cursing his own land with civil war along with greedy noble Houses pursuing the throne by fighting with one another. With such chaos and instability, Saxon invasion came. And with the Saxons, came more war along with pillaging, starvation… and death. He had arrived to the old County of Cambridgeshire penniless, landless and honorless, brutally exiled (and by \"exiled\" he meant he ran as fast as he had been able before his throat were conveniently sliced) by his older brother when he came to age and started to pose a threat to his inheritance when their old man's health had started to fail. He had arrived knowing shit about the far South, mantled with his noble's son pride, his customs, his accent… and his appearance. And out of the blue, people had started to call him this \"highlander\" thing, denying him access to small settlements and, ultimately, throwing stones and curses at him while spitting on the floor, closing all doors and windows like he was some sort of plague. To them, he was nothing but a stranger, a foreigner from the cold distant High Lands where sorcery had been remarkably frequent and almost normal between females. To them, he was equally or worse than the Saxon invaders. They called him \"highlander\" while they meant to say \"outlander\". And he had been alone. And alone, sword in hand, eventually he had charged against small invader's groups; first playing the guerrilla strategy (a common occurrence where he came from since they had the mountain range at their favor), later frontwards like the red-headed giant with brute strength he was. That way, he had made some coin and, unbeknownst to him, a name. \"The Red Swordsman\" they had dubbed him, and not just by his unruly mane of long bright hair, but his sanguinary way to deal with the enemy. The young man had been a butcher, and damn good at it. But despite his not-so-unselfish \"services\" to his country, two years after his arrival people were still afraid of him, forcing him to become permanently errant, away from the populations and, thus, away from the whispers that brought news. And the news had been painting a shred of hope in all that time he had been forced out of his home: King Arthur, legitimated Heir of Uther Pendragon, had dislodged the sword from the cursed stone and he had started to drive the Saxon invaders out of Britain country. Since two years ago to that very day, Arthur had been convincing… or rather pushing the noble Houses to acquiescence to him becoming King of them all. But he still needed allies. Loyal, strong-willed allies. And nothing is stronger than ambition. Guided by the rumors about this \"Red Swordsman\", the King had arrived to County Cambridgeshire rounded by his most loyal knights and they had started, slowly but surely, to comb the area, finding eventually their intended goal: to face the infamous \"Red Swordsman\". By that time he had been eighteen years old but he had looked much older. Embedded in a mixed set of various rusty armor pieces painted with the few ancient runes of protection he knew from his home, dirty, with animal pelts for a cape and a wild air around him that could have matched a dire wolf's. The King then halted and he had put his blue eyes over his broad figure and had spoken with dignify. - I heard about thy accomplishments. – he said, observing all the time the body language of his interlocutor, who looked like he was going to tear their throats open with his bare teeth. And he wasn't far from the truth, actually – I am Arthur Pendragon, true heir of Uther Pendragon. The red haired young man had displayed an almost insane grin, slightly crazed after so much time having really poor social exchanges. - Pendragon, huh? – he replied, slightly amused by the looks of truly badly masked fright the other knights showed by just looking at him and his height, impossible monstrous for a man of the South, slightly remarkable for his people of the High Lands – You're the bastard son of that deceased King? - Mind your tongue, highlander! - a knight beside the King yelled at him, promptly raising his sword and pointing the blade's end towards the wild red-headed man. - Hold thy sword, Uryens. – the King stepped on quickly before a nonsensical confrontation took place between the two men – For we came to exchange words, not strikes. – and then, the reprimanded man sheathed his sword without a word but still eyeing the foreigner warily – We hail from Camelot, the old London, seeking aid to our campaign, Sire. - And what campaign would that be, Pendragon? – the red haired man sneered, making abundantly clear that he recognized no King in front of him. The other knights exchanged looks of incredulity between them, but Arthur stood his ground. - Have you not heard of the Kingdom Reunification, highlander? – another young knight of warm brown hair and bright amberish eyes rose, holding no grudge against the foreigner in his voice tone but still loyal to his King and taking proud of their recent work – Since the late King Uther's death, our land had been shattered, pillaged by those you so eagerly dispatched. – he added, pointing to his mismatched armor – I would recognize a Saxon forge anywhere. Then the so called \"Red Swordsman\" had snarled, his a sound closely resembled of a beast. Because, sheer brutality had been all he had known even before his exile. His family had never been a happy one. - And what if I took whatever I wanted from them? – he argued – I had nothing and they had plenty. They earned their keep by ransacking, pillaging and destroying whole villages… and I earned mine by killing them. – he stated proudly – I made an honest keep for an honest work. Who are you to judge me so lightly? – he defied, then turning his attention to Arthur, pointing a finger towards him – You should thank me for taking care of the vermin that infests this land! Whatever I earned was by my sword, and thus legitimately mine . – and that last word had been said with such malice, that some of the Arthur's men had been unable to disguise their grimaces. - Thou should know that thy services to my people had not been ignored, Red Swordsman. – Arthur stated, looking into the other man's surprised eyes with determination – And for that, I want to extend my gratitude… and an offer to join us. This immediately raised a chain of surprised murmurs between the knights. - My Lord! – Uryens took the word again – We know nothing about this… this highlander. Rumor said the High Lands are hostile territory, full of much more hostile people and sorcery, against any God's Law we are so hard trying to bring to our people. Who can be sure he is not a mad warlock eager to take an opportunity to destroy us? Think about Camelot, the symbol of our unity! - T'is right, the highlander cannot be trusted! – another knight shouted, raising his armored fist. But, as the voices of the men had risen around Arthur, the foreigner had started to laugh. His a not very comforting laugh. - Well now, a dozen armored men afraid of what they ignore. This same rant is becoming dull and utterly boring. – he stated – But your people never came before me in friendly terms, nor you have the decency to ask my real name instead of calling me epithets, Britons . – he spat, venom tinting each one of his words. But Arthur had risen his hand, shutting down his men. - And how we shalt call thee, Goodman? – he inquired. The green serpentine eyes of the red-head young man had brightened briefly with malice. - You may call me by my name. – he finally said – You may call me… Ruber. From that day on forward, the giant highlander, the one who called himself Ruber, had started a reluctant and strictly business-like relationship with the self-proclaimed King and his campaign against the Saxon invasion. And eventually, he had gained Arthur's trust, even if Ruber manners and behavior stayed the same bold and antisocial as they were since the very beginning. Arthur thought wrongly that a man who was not afraid to express his opinion in regard of any matter and who wouldn't care about etiquette but the truth, was a fine addition to his Round Table Order. Besides, if rough, Ruber was not uncultured, for he was well-versed in the mechanics of war strategy. - Winters in the North are hard and relentless. – he had casually commented once – You would be surprised what a pastime a boy would find in an old castle library. And so, under Ruber's command, many campaigns had ended with victory and, with the years passing and the land under Camelot Christian influence (a hypocrite façade, or so Ruber always thought, as Arthur's counselor, Merlin, was a powerful druid who relied in pagan magic to support his King), many dangers had been prevented because of Ruber's always impeccable foresight. However, not many inside the Round Table were always in agreement with Ruber's unorthodox methods when it came to battle, for he was still ruthless and sanguinary and he cared little, if any, about sacrificing good men in order to achieve whatever goal needed for the kingdom's safety. And rumors said that, when Arthur supported him to recover his lands and, thus, his noble title, Ruber had charged against the castle he once called home like a hurricane and slaughtered everything that lay before him. Many men had lost their lives for his cause and every one of the soldiers who had supported his older brother, the reigning Lord since their old man had succumbed to age and a life full of alcohol abuse, had been publicly executed, even the ones who had surrendered. And about his brother… many whispered about the head in a pike Ruber displayed for two whole months at his castle entrance to send a warning to those who seek to take from him what it was legitimately his. What he gained by his sword. This way, the infamous \"Red Swordsman\" became to be known by many now as \"The Red Knight\", a name many whispered both with awe and fear, uncertain what to make of the strange, fearsome red haired northern giant who had been Arthur's General during all the years of battle after battle. By that point he had been twenty-four and still unmarried, for no noblewoman in her right mind would have desired a match with such a monstrous man who, to adding salt to the wound, ruled a cold distant land where no law but Ruber's own reigned, blatantly disobeying the Christian ways Arthur had so carefully planted in his kingdom. For in the High Lands, Ruber's territory, sorcery and pagan ways were stronger than ever since all the nomadic tribes and practically all the magic practicing men and women had moved their residences to the harsh mountain ranges, forced to live exiled from their homes, welcomed with open arms by Ruber, who himself wanted nothing to do with Christianity and still worshiped the many war-oriented gods he had been worshiping since his childhood. But with unity, came peace… and with peace, in Ruber's case, came again isolation, for no longer his expertise in war was needed at Camelot's Court. Isolation in his own lands where mostly everybody feared and avoided him, isolation in the chilling winters when his mind was darker than any other time of the year, sitting in his cold and hard throne made of stone while his calloused fingers drummed impatiently over the worn handlebars, munching about the pleasant, seaside winters he knew Camelot went through. In those winters, little word arrived from Camelot or other parts of the kingdom and Ruber found himself… bored. His twenty-five and twenty-six-year-old winters had been spent trapped in his own castle mainly because of the neverending snow storms roaring outside, rereading his old books, drinking a tad too much, seeking warmth (and human proximity, to his much dismay; knowing how pathetic and desperate his sexual life was starting to become at such young age) between his bedsheets with the few available women under his service, prostitutes most of the time, and speaking with the few people who willingly would be close to him and/or shared more or less his same level of conversation: some carefully chosen servants who he kept mostly and exclusively for company, his old mother who was a sort of shaman-lady in his Court since her husband died, and his little sister Rowena, who was \"touched by the gods\" or, in Common Language, utterly insane since she was a child, but still adored her brother and always found ways to make herself a cheerful company (the dog-like kind) in her somber sibling's eyes. Sadly, the insanity had been pretty common between the nobility in the North since they had been scarce, geographically distant ones from the others and they had been constantly fighting between themselves to gain more land property. And that leaded, one way or another, to inbreeding. Ruber, Rowena and their deceased older brother, Radcliff, had been a product of a marriage between cousins who themselves were products of cousin marriages as well. Their father had been insane in his own way, obsessed with hoard more territory to his name, living in permanent stupor because of his unhealthy alcoholic tendencies, always rambling alone about nonsensical stuff, picking Ruber sometimes as his punchbag, sometimes as his apprentice in fighting and swordsmanship as well. Radcliff's insanity had been his envy towards Ruber and his paranoia about him taking his place as their father's heir one day. Rowena was mostly harmless… she was a threat to no-one… but herself. She had the tendency to roam the castle, despite the time of the year, barefoot, half naked or with the laces of her dresses undid, and always pursuing the pleasures of the flesh with whomever man happened to came across her. This way, Ruber and their old mother had found her many times in one of the soldiers' or servants' arms, making a disgrace of herself over and over again, and always seeking forgiveness in a somehow childish way throwing herself at his brother's arms giggling madly and, thus, shaming him greatly. The ones Ruber found with his sister were usually whipped or, in the worst cases, impaled and displayed out in the courtyard. And this, along with the cold winters, the isolation and many other factors, proved to be too much for Ruber. Since the last year the man had developed severe insomnia along with a constant alert state that brought several nervous, involuntary muscular contractions, mostly concentrated in the orbital muscles of his eyes and mouth. And with this, he became incredibly conscious of his surroundings, searching in the people's faces around him any sign that gave away that they thought he was somehow deranged. And this preoccupation of not becoming crazed was driving him exactly what he feared most: insane. Just like his father, just like his siblings. He knew he couldn't stand any longer that situation when one night, after he had fell pleasingly unconscious for a moment in his bed, laying between two naked and also asleep of the regular women he slept with, until a strange feeling of weight over him awoke him. It was his sister, who had somehow slid into his chambers and managed to climb over him like some cat. That very moment, even groggy, Ruber saw something in the girl's eyes. Something that scared the hell outta him. For she wore nothing but a slight camisole that left very little to the imagination, and her wild and messy mane of bright curly red hair had surrounded her face like some unholy aura, giving her reptilian green eyes an intimidating and more predatory look that they already had. Ruber looked at her absolutely transfixed; pondering briefly if she already went completely mad and she came to his chambers to strangle him in his sleep. But stupefaction transformed soon into cold realization when she put one pale little hand over his chest and the other wandered much lower. His right eye twitched slightly. Inhaling sharply, he had caught quickly the impudent hand by the wrist. - No, Rowena. – he said smoothly, almost whispering, the way he was used to talking to her instead of screaming at the top of his lungs just as he, at that very moment, needed to – That's a line I would and will never dare to cross. The girl's answer had been raking her long fingernails along his chest while her look hardened. Because, in her lunacy, Rowena saw Ruber as her brother… but also saw him as the powerful, huge man the size of a bull he was, with big hands and a sensuous mouth with thin lips which would gave her the pleasure her high libido so desperately sought. Because he always treated her good and he never hit her. Not like her father. Not like Radcliff. Her father had been a bad father, the violent one kind… but Radcliff had been a worse brother when she had turned fifteen and he had grown eventually bored of his bedmates. And he had been brutal. Ruber wasn't anything like him; he spoke softly to her, he was nice to her. She didn't see any problem bedding him. Fortunately, Ruber's brain was not so addled to even ponder such a thing, so he caught her other hand and sat up on the bed restraining her and her hands, which started to sink their fingernails viciously in his own hands' flesh. The other two women stirred in the bed. - You, out. – he said to one, directing his eyes to the door, not bothering to even remember their names – And you, go and fetch some clothes for my sister, bring them here and leave. The two women obeyed without a single word and he had found himself dealing with his sister and her state to near undress. When he managed to cover her decently, she groaned in frustration, dropping on the mattress and started to roll over it like some spoiled child. Sighing heavily, Ruber rubbed his face until he reached the hairline, which was alarmingly pulled back to near halfway the top of his skull. So young and he was starting to get bald. It was, honestly, depressing. - You must get us out of this place, my son. – a voice not far in front of him suddenly reached his ears – And soon. Raising slowly his gaze, Ruber's green eyes found another pair of eyes with the same reptilian quality. - Is the \"privacy\" word unknown to this family? – he grunted, meeting his old lady's visage with a slight frown. But his mother paid no mind to his usual bold words and she sat on the mattress beside her daughter who quickly rested her head on her mother's lap, mewing sweetly, looking for some cuddles. Sometimes she looked so frail and minute… Combing with her hands her daughter's unruly mane, full of curls and knots in equal quantity, the old lady never took her eyes away from her son's. Ruber could sometimes swear that his old lady never blinked, and that made her more difficult to stare back. - State your business, mother. – he said, lowering his gaze, unable to hold back the cold stare with which the lady dissected him – It is late and I would like very much to catch some rest. Always straight to the point. No use to beat around the bush with the old lady, really. - Tell me about the warm climate in the Lower Lands, my son. – she unexpectedly said. Ruber sighed. No sleep for him for the rest of the night, it seemed. - I told you about it dozens of times. – he halfheartedly protested. - Oh, but it is the only consolation this old heart has in these long dark winters. – she said softly, looking intently at him – If only we could settle down a little Southdown… enough to not to endure such harsh weather. - What do you exactly want me to do, mother? – Ruber questioned sternly – This is our home and I already control more territory than other knights do. – he stated proudly – We are powerful here. - We are isolated here! – the lady suddenly exclaimed, startling the now meek Rowena briefly; her eyes holding a strange inhuman glow no doubt thanks to her powers, greater but darker than any average magic practitioner – Cast aside, prisoners of our own land, banished! - Banished? - Did you not saw the King and his Court? – the lady said darkly – How they are spitting on their roots turning their sights to the Christian ways? Many of the banished now populate our lands. - I do not care about religion, mother. – he said, crossing his arms – For in my lands, everybody has the rights to worship whatever gods they feel to. Arthur cannot erase our culture so easily. - Oh, but he will. Eventually. – his mother said somberly – Christianity had proven to be a useful tool to control people's minds and willpower beyond the seas. Ruber inhaled sharply, disturbed. His right eye twitched again uncomfortably. - How will you possibly know that? – he asked cautiously. For she was right. But news overseas had likely never reached the High Lands. He had learned this while in Camelot's Court. - I've seen it. – she answered enigmatically – And believe me when I say that Christianity will bring our people in the next centuries great pain and sorrow. - And what do you want me to do? – Ruber asked again, starting to feel impotent in a situation he held no power to remedy it – I do enough preserving our ways in my territory! Asking for more lands that are already Christian would be suicidal. Arthur knows already how things are here. That's why we got this share of lands… - he rambled, realizing suddenly the point in the present conversation - … Because nobody would want them. – he finished slowly, looking at his mother as if he saw her for the first time in his life. - And do you not feel that is unjust, my son? – she added smoothly, knowing he was starting to grasp the extent of the situation. His mind and his fiery northern heart been buried under depression long enough. - I do. – he said, nodding slowly – I do, mother. - And what are you going to do about it? – she continued, pleased about the reaction her words had invoked. Ruber's eyes narrowed, his gaze hardening, decision painted across his features. For that day, awaken from his resignation slumber, the Red Knight vowed himself to make things better for his family, for his people… for himself. He had been serving diligently Arthur for eight long years, granting him victories and people's gratitude and admiration. He deserved more, more than any of those meek men who sat at the Round Table! He will pull the diplomatic chords in the next annual meeting, asking really nice for better and warmer lands. And if diplomacy didn't sink in Arthur's good will… well, Ruber already knew how to deal with an undeserving, ungrateful King. Author's note: first of all, I know shit about History of Great Britain and, for what I read about Arthurian Myths, the legendary King drove out the Saxon invasion, so maybe I didn't mess this up much, or maybe I totally did. Corrections are quite welcome, actually. Anyway, English is not my maternal language, so if anybody sees grammatical mistakes, screwed up verbal tenses and the like, please, send me a private with the corrections and I will gladly actualize it. Now, I don't know what crossed my mind to write this, but I've read all the stories in the \"Quest of Camelot\" section and only found one Ruber-friendly oriented, ONE! C'mon, people, surely I can't be the only one who finds him interesting, yes? Anyway, as I've said earlier, corrections will be welcome. Corrections and comments if you liked it :P Cheers![Chapter 2] \"Highlander\" Chap. 02: They . Highlander. Whispers in the Court brought rejection and fear as the eyes of the many knights and their families posed over the gigantic frame of the newcomer. Highlander. It was a so common occurrence that it was starting to feel insulting, as if those men around him not only didn't chastise their families for being so rude in front of him, but even encouraging a segregationist behavior. Look at him; he looks a bit… off. And again. Look at his hair, he's balding. How old is he anyway? Their eyes. Have you noticed those nails of his? It's disgusting! Filled with judgmental prejudices. What's wrong with his eyes? What in the blazes was wrong with them ? It's not a big surprise he's not married yet. Why they felt compelled to criticizing someone they even didn't know? Rumor said he's still allowing paganism in his lands. Just… stop. He's a degenerate. Enough! Reaching a place in a shadowy corner, he sat, goblet full of wine in hand, on a chair, looking at them with venomous eyes until he noticed the small child playing with a wooden horse in his hand beside him. - Out of my sight, you little critter. – he spat with no little amount of contempt – Now. The kid ran away crying right to his mother's skirts, gaining a frown from the woman who looked in Ruber's direction outraged as the amused Red Knight raised his goblet mockingly. He had been the first to arrive to Camelot as the signaled date of the Round Table knights' annual meeting came closer, so he had had plenty of time to be an honor guest in Arthur's castle. And the due scrutiny he suffered on a daily basis by the rest of the Court as the knights were arriving one by one was driving him nuts. But just like he looked at Arthur's people and only saw enemies everywhere, through their eyes he was a stranger among them as well. For they saw the physical effect the harsh climate and many other factors in the High Lands had done to Ruber. He looked older, with thin lines woven across his skin in the brow and lips giving him a permanent frown accompanied with an unsmiling gesture. His once glorious mane of bright red hair had greatly diminished; his physique had been developed through hard, repetitive exercise in timeless hours of utter boredom into a bulky, broad shouldered mass of muscles. And a scandalous lack… or thereof pure neglectiness of his personal appearance had led him to exhibit long broken fingernails he, together with his sharp teeth, utilized to tear roasted pork and beef without using any cutlery, nor napkins, while he ate like some unmannered, wild animal. Overall with his evident lack of sleep sporting almost black eye bags as if he had been punched, bloodied eyes and casual muscular tics in both his eyes and mouth… his appearance didn't invite to even a courtesy greeting. And he was getting more and more anxious as the days passed and nobody had the decency to make casual conversation with him. Not even Arthur had spoken to him, showing an outrageous rudeness towards his guest by leaving him on his own, properly tended by the servants, yes, but utterly alone. And that situation didn't change even in the slightest until the meeting day arrived along with the last of the invited guests: Sir Lionel. In the eve of winter everybody was so… disgustingly happy… They even sang. Oh, Ruber hated their frequent stupid sing-alongs… \"United we stand, now and forever in truth, divided we fall.\" Truth? – Ruber thought – There's not absolute truth, you fools. But you prefer to pledge yourselves to your own interpretations of said truth. \"Hand upon hand, brother to brother, no one shall be greater than all.\" Don't make me laugh… \"It's been ten years we celebrate all that made our kingdom great, liberty and Justice for all.\" Yeah, \"for all\", sure. \"Each of us will now divide in equal shares our countryside, promising equality for all who reside!\" Wait, what?! Once in the Round Table Chamber, Ruber clenched both his teeth and fists, hating how everybody was so optimistic about the prospects of new lands… but he, being the one that controlled bigger territory, wasn't so happy about the news. Once in front of the big table, every man left his weapons in their respective chair's backrest… every man but Ruber, who always had an extra hidden weapon just in case. Not for nothing his had been always a strictly business-like relationship with Arthur, so neither loyalty, nor trust was in the Red Knight's agenda. Then the fools started with their charade raising their shields and putting them in front of themselves over the table. - Liberty! – exclaimed one. - Justice! – another followed. Liberty to ignore me, one of you, supposedly. Justice only for the meek. - Trust! - Freedom! Trust in a utopia, freedom to bask yourselves in your makeshift lie. - Peace! - Honor! Peace among the Christian believers, honor thy false God. - Goodness! - Strength! - Valor! – sat beside Arthur, the loyal and immaculate Sir Lionel proclaimed his devotion and love for his kingdom. Ruber's blood boiled. - ME! – he screamed at the top of his lungs, planting his shield in front of him with violence, his inner self spitting over \"compassion\", the word he had just chose to ignore. For no compassion but bitterness filled his soul. Bitterness born amidst depression and loneliness these last few years. Every man present looked at him frowning, clearly outraged for his impertinence. And his inner self gloated greatly. Feel that, you fools. Feel what is like to trample over your beliefs. - Charming sing-along. – he hissed, like a snake would – Now… I would prefer to leave unnecessary pleasantries aside and get straight to business. Did I hear something about redefine the borders of our territory? How is that I was not informed of this? - Sir Ruber… - Arthur spoke shaking his head from side to side, sighing – Always thinking of thyself. Oh, now you address me, you little bitch. Followed by the King's words, a chorus of recriminations followed. - When we declared our unity… - continued Arthur, ignoring the daggers the huge red haired man was directing at him through his eyes - … we accorded to divide the land according to each person's needs. As knights of the Round Table our obligations art to our people, not to ourselves. - Haven't we served you loyally? – Ruber spat, leaning himself over the table, piercing Arthur's skull with his green reptilian eyes – Haven't I served and supported you unquestionably? Haven't my people and I endured enough questioning glances and isolation?! - The King has decided! – exclaimed Sir Lionel, hitting over the table with his bare fist. Ruber couldn't believe it. Even Lionel, the only knight who had always treated him like an actual person, now was treating him like some… some… Feeling all the eyes over him at that very moment, some judging him, others agreeing with his point of view but too coward to spoke it aloud, paranoia filled Ruber's brain. They didn't know… they didn't know what was like to be in his shoes… - Perhaps a King who fails to reward his best knights shouldn't hold such a title… The thought, quick as it had escaped his lips, filled the room with sudden silence. And Ruber suddenly became aware that his sentiment was shared at least by half of the men present there. That gave him reassurance. - Would you make yourself a traitor? – asked Lionel, his amberish eyes filled with something close to anger. Now they were discussing the root of the problem here. - A traitor? – repeated Ruber – There would not be treason were Arthur no King. – and then, he rose from his seat, this time directing his words towards everyone – Maybe now is time for a new King to govern us and who'll gladly reward the deserving. – oh, he could see it now, many interested eyes now were over him – And I vote for me. Maybe they could reach an agreement, maybe… - I will not serve a false King. - Lionel snarled. After those words, something inside Ruber detonated. Something cold and dark, just like the winters he had spent leaving his soul die within the stone walls of his castle. - Then serve… - the Red Knight said dangerously slow, reaching for his trusted mace under the table - … A DEAD ONE! – he shouted before leaping over the table and charging blindly against anything that were between Arthur and the spikes of his mace. Lionel met his charge halfway the table… and also met the brute strength of the fiery northern man that first crushed his left arm, a second later his windpipe, sending him several meters backwards like a dummy. The rest of the brave men who jumped to defend their King were swiftly dispatched, even with the chainmail, breastplates and helmets covering their bodies. Ruber was relentless, his gaze filled with rage, having gone completely berserker just like in his good old days. But when Arthur managed to retrieve his sword, Excalibur, from the sheath resting in his chair's backrest, he counterattacked the Red Knight's fury, whose mace met Excalibur's blade in a blast that, given the magic embedded in the weapon, sent Ruber flying across the room. The highlander landed, rolling. Quickly he got up holding his right arm that, at that very moment, was rendered useless after the magical energies had charred its skin, melting the nails in the process. He stumbled a bit before running towards the exit door. - One day that sword will be in my hand! – he shouted before closing the thick wooden gates after him, blocking them with the first heavy furniture that rested outside the Round Table Chamber and happened to be on his way outside, buying himself some time before the whole Court were at his heels – And the whole kingdom will belong to me ! After those words, he had fled for his life, breaking in a wild cavalcade from Camelot's stables to lose himself into the cold wilderness. And he lived to regret the due following consequences. He lived to tell. The memories after the incident were sometimes blurred and confusing, because his mind had wanted so desperately to erase them that now he relived them often shrouded in a surreal fog, as in a nightmare. A nightmare from which he couldn't wake up. Ruber could tell that he had ridden for days, not taking a single moment of rest, falling off and on several times unconscious for mere seconds on his horse's rump until the snowy climate of the High Lands, his home, welcomed him. He remembered reaching the castle, leaving the exhausted beast, foam overflowing its snout, falling dead behind and entering inside like thunder to just presenting himself in front of his mother and immediately collapsing on the floor. He woke up a few days after with the severe green eyes of his old lady upon him, as if waiting for something. But what he didn't remembered so well were the tears that had emerged from his eyes as he took the old lady's hand in his like some lost child. - I failed… - he had murmured – I failed all of you, mother. And now, we are doomed: Arthur will not take lightly this betrayal and, if I know him well, he likely will invade our lands! - I know, my son, I know. – the lady said, putting some strands of wild hair behind his ear; looking at him and, instead of seeing the big man he was, she saw a frightened little child who had done something terribly bad – You tried… but the power of the Lady of the Lake's magic sword could not be matched, not even by your innate strength. – and taking his face between her hands, she added – Now you must prepare yourself and your people, for a battle is coming from the South to our very doorstep. Defend what is yours. And the said battle came a few weeks later. Widely equipped and taking advantage of the mountain range that surrounded his castle, Ruber and his people resisted Arthur's invasion for a hundred days and ninety-nine nights… because at the hundredth night Sir Lanval, having been present when Ruber had reclaimed his lands many years ago, advised Arthur about a weak spot in the mountain range, where they could pass to reach the castle's dungeons. Arthur followed his advice and soon, he and a handful of his most trusted knights found themselves inside the very castle they wanted to take. Once inside, it wasn't really complicated to dismantle Ruber's defenses. However, during their assault a madwoman got in the middle wielding a spear and sporting deaf ears to the threats and warning words Arthur's men gave her. She didn't last even ten seconds against the much stronger armored men as a solitary arrow pierced her heart, ending swiftly her life. Ruber had found her a half hour later while trying to evade Arthur by sidetracking him and his damned magic sword, searching desperately for her and their mother in order to keep them safe. Incredulous, the Red Knight had knelt before his sister's corpse closing her dead terrified green eyes, drying her cold tears and putting her wild strands of bright red hair behind her ears. - A man can tell a thousand lies. – a grave voice reached his ears from behind while a pale-as-a-corpse feminine hand reached his armored shoulder – Like saying that no woman, child or elder would be harmed by his hand during a siege. – she said sadly, kneeling beside her son and caressing lightly her daughter's cold cheek – There's no honor, nor mercy in this King's soul. He's only a man. A cruel man, just like his father was. - I've learned my lesson well, mother. – Ruber said, taking his sister's corpse in his arms, wrapping her carefully in his cape as if she were a baby – Come with me. At least I will not leave you alone just as I left her. I've been careless, so careless… - No. – the lady said with a tone so firm that gave Ruber some pause – I will not allow my last remaining son to throw himself to his death. – once this had been said, an unnatural bright greenish glow lightened her eyes and the veined ramifications of the left side of her face – Go. – she spoke with metallic voice, clearly under the dark influence of her own powers – Escape from the castle by the cliff side, reach our ancestors' necropolis by the Northwest and give your sister the burial she deserves. Honor her in death as you did in life. – and then she rose, rejuvenated, more powerful and terrifying than the man had even seen her – I will contain them as long as my body could take it. That will give you some advantage before they realized you've fled. - No! – Ruber exclaimed – I will not leave you alone to deal with those monsters! You are the only family I have! - Then live. – she said, turning her back to him – Live to prevent your bloodline to extinguish like a blaze in a wasted candle. Live to tell what you have learned. 'Till then, gather the means, grow stronger and avenge us. Avenge your flesh and blood, my son. And with those words, she disappeared in thin air, leaving a suddenly alone Ruber to quickly react and start to running with the weight of his sister over his shoulder. However, once in the distance, Ruber spotted in the castle's courtyard the sinister arcane light of his mother shining brightly, blinding all the present men around her. - A witch! – Arthur exclaimed – Regroup thyselves! Snowy long curly hair mixed in the frozen air with few carmine threads rose like some lion's mane from her head. - MERLIN! – she screamed, raising her hand full of electricity to the air before releasing a powerful expansive wave that propelled Arthur and his men backwards like dummies, hitting them against the castle walls – COME OUT AND FACE ME! Suddenly, amidst the frozen stones, the ashes of the battle and the bodies of the fallen, a hooded figure emerged. - Morgause. – the old druid addressed her, bowing slightly his head in respectful acknowledgement – I see you have not changed your belligerent ways all these years in the shadow. - That very shadow you yourself helped to grow, traitor! – the woman shouted, stony floors and walls around her cracking slightly as her powers grew – You have allied with the Christian God and his followers against us! You have betrayed your own kin! - Our kin is fated to extinction, Morgause. – Merlin answered – Nothing lasts forever and a new Era, the Christian Era, is about to swallow the Old Ways. But you and the rest of our kin have not accepted it, your will is to reign 'till the End of Times and that is against the laws of nature. - What would you know about nature's laws?! – she cried again before, suddenly, calming herself – But I see, there's not avail trying to put some reason on you. I suppose instead I will have to use… FORCE! So she did. Combining her powers along with her great hatred, Morgause sent a wave of electricity against the old wizard who counterattacked with yet another wave of light. They struggled for some time, not clear winner in a battle so vicious that no mortal could have reached them at that very instant without being calcined in a blink of an eye. But Arthur Pendragon was no mere mortal. Excalibur in hand protecting him from being burned alive, the King had crawled silently to the witch's back and, making an inhuman effort to raise himself amidst so much arcane energies together, he ultimately stabbed the woman on the back, traversing her from the spine to the sternum itself. And the magic inside the mythic artifact did its work. A heartbreaking scream of surprise and denial left Morgause's lips when she started to being consumed from inside to outside as her skin and muscles turned into ashes leaving a charred skeleton which quickly disintegrated into a pile of dust that flied with the first wind blow. A victorious war cry rose from the throats of every man who had stand for Camelot and the losers rapidly dispersed themselves, escaping from a death by betrayal they knew the King would dispense them. But only one man remained hidden, gazing in the distance at Pendragon as his men hailed him, green eyes full of pain and hatred vowing to, one day, wipe that smile from his dead, rotten lips. For he would have his revenge in this life, or in the next. One way… or another. Knelt in front of Rowena's tombstone, Ruber of the High Lands directed his anguished thoughts to his gods. Hadn't he served them faithfully? Hadn't he preserved the Old Ways for his people? Why fate was punishing him so harshly? As the hours passed, darkness fell over the cold land and silence followed. But Ruber, still knelt before his sister's tombstone, opened his eyes and observed, fascinated, how a bluish, cold fire emerged slowly from the tender earth. - Sister? – he dared to ask until he extended his hand towards it and the spirit disappeared before he could grasp it. Then many lights around, lights of torches and lanterns, started to lighter him. \"Do you feel the thorns? Do you see the tears? Do you see the bloodshed in this fell war? Have you forsaken us? Have you forgotten our faithful men calling your name? While I stand before you, while we perish, while I lay down a crimson rose, while holding hands are forced apart, while hopes bog like condemned men… Were you there? The sky is falling on me. As your hand's turning old and weak I'm giving myself upon to thee A futile sacrifice gone sere.\" Surrounding him, his people, women and elders mostly, left their candles before the tomb and sang while inclining their heads respectfully. \"… why has thou forsaken me? Together we go unsung. Into thy hand I commend my spirit. Together we go down with our people!\" Feeling supported by his people, Ruber allowed them to accompany him in his darkest hour until three men stepped in before him. - My Lord Ruber. – one of them said – I and the remains of our people want to offer you our humble condolences for your loss, for we ourselves have lost much today as well. We pray for our fallen's souls to find the rest they were deprived in life and we offer you our lives. - Why would you do such a thing? – the Red Knight asked – Our people had been slaughtered by my fault, I brought disgrace and death to us. - No, my Lord. – an old tattooed woman said approaching him, full of amulets and the due paraphernalia that labeled her as a shaman lady, just as his mother had been – You have been preserving the Old Ways, giving shelter to the exiled, protecting us from this King's poisonous influence. You even tried to defy his will in order to give us a better chance of living. – she shook her head – No, we will follow you, for you had earned the right to guide us. Help us to preserve our culture, our roots! We implore you! A chorus of voices joined in her plea and Ruber, first looking at them, and then looking at his now permanently scarred hand by Excalibur's influence, knew he was not alone in his wish of revenge. An entire year had passed trying to gather the dispersed remains of his people through the frozen land and Ruber felt utterly tired. He had managed to convince not only his former runaway men who had been left alive after the battle, but the chiefs of many tribal communities who had been waiting for him, eager to join their forces against Arthur's. But still… he knew that wasn't enough. He was now actively pursued by the forces Arthur had left in his territory to ensure he couldn't gather forces again and use his old castle as headquarters, so the Red Knight had been forced to lean in strategy and guerrilla to keep them at bay. Just like when he was sixteen and not a copper to his name. Everything seemed to start anew… though in worse prospects and conditions. Given this, his alert state had worsened and his muscular tics were now something frequent on his regular basis. He barely slept a couple of hours, if any, per day. This constant insomnia had driven him many nights to wander alone in the woodland, seeking something akin to soothing his hyperactive brains. But one night, he got lost in the darkness of a forest. He then had started to wander aimlessly until something in the corner of his eye had caught his attention. A will o' the wisp. Just like when he had buried his sister. Knowing by the tales his mother had told him when he was a child that will o' the wisps normally guided someone who was lost to their fate, being this good or bad, Ruber followed. After all he had learned that one cannot escape his fate, so it was in his best interest to not ignore the signs. So he followed the ethereal spirits until the path they had been weaving for him disappeared once he stepped into a cromlech circle. The moon and stars lightened the old carvings in the stones' surface and Ruber found himself mesmerized, almost having this silly idea that he was in the middle of a very strange dream until he heard the flipping of heavy wings and, as he rose his eyes, he saw something that left him for a moment speechless: the bulky, dark silhouette of an impossible mythical creature, a griffin. The creature was looking at him intently, fixing its venomous unnatural eyes upon his throat, salivating at the mere idea to tear it off. But Ruber was not a man to walk away from a crystal clear challenge. And the beast was challenging his strength. So he jumped to his fate with a war cry on his lips as the creature plummeted over him. Author's note: ... okay, given the two reviews I had received for my story, one of them asking me for more, here you go! I was so happy reading that my fic was well liked for one author whose story here in QfC section I adore, that I started to write more, developing in deep Ruber's background and giving the fact that his mother is a witch more relevance. Here you see many characters intertwined, having their own reasons to feel resentment against one another, not just Ruber. I've changed slightly the summary and I've posted this and the next chapter together because I had a writer rage (which means I started to write until I felt satisfied) and I want you to enjoy the two chapters as a whole. No need to wait when something is complete, yes? Enjoy and lemme know about your thoughts ^^ PD: yep, I was listening to Madonna's \"Live to tell\" and Eluveitie's \"A rose for Epona\", so their lyrics kinda of found their way into my story hehehehehe ^^[Chapter 3] \"Highlander\" Chap. 03: Her . Highlander. Despite all these years, the word still haunted him; especially in the early hours, when the sun was not yet crowning the skies and the first singing of the rooster were still not heard on the distant East. The first signs of the spring's arrival were floating in the air, saturating it with country smells of wet grass, Meadowsweet, Primula and pines. But, for Ruber, it was always winter. Throughout those ten years there was not a single day in which the exiled Red Knight didn't curse his fate, for many things had happened in the last decade… and only few had been truly beneficial for him. Luckily, he was not alone in his fall from grace; for Arthur Pendragon, the same King who had destroyed everything he cherished most, was going through difficult times as well. While Ruber now was an outcast, a landless Lord who roamed the Christian lands of Britain using the same disgusting pillaging method the Saxons had done many years ago in order to sustain himself and his people, now outcast nomads like him who just followed their Lord because they didn't know better… Arthur, on the other side of the coin, now was forty-three years old and, if the rumors were right, he was quite ill since the double betrayal of one of his most trusted knights, Sir Lancelot of the Lake, and the Queen herself, Lady Guinevere, by means of the adulterous affair the two of them had shared behind Arthur's back. Lady Guinevere had been sentenced to death by being burned at the stake just like any pagan witch these days, and Lancelot had been banished out of the kingdom. Ruber had been delighted when he had learnt that the impetuous knight had rescued Guinevere from her ill fate and they had run together to uncertain destination, leaving a trail of corpses and disgrace behind them. Not that Ruber was happy for the doomed pair since he remembered Lancelot as a disgusting boot-licker who prided himself to strive for perfection, while Lady Guinevere… well, she had been one of the most beautiful women at Camelot's Court, true, but also one of the most insipid and stupid creatures he had the displeasure to meet. The Red Knight felt no relief, nor pity for either of them, but he was quite content that a pair of morons like those two had managed to being so destructive by just, pardon his French, fucking each other's brains out. Even people, after the incident, had started to sing a little Welsh rhyme about the unfaithful Queen as the years in obscurity along with Arthur's illness had covered the earth: \"Gwenhwyfar ferch Ogrfan Gawr Drwg yn fechan, gwaeth yn fawr.\" Or in the Common Tongue: \"Guinevere, daughter of Ogrfan Gawr, Bad when little, worse when great.\" It was so pathetic… Ruber remembered the day the King had fallen, bewitched, at the young maiden's feet. He even sought Merlin's aid (in magic regards, of course) to conquer her heart. At that time, Ruben could not believe his ears. Guinevere, in her beauty, had been pristine, almost angelic, yes… but her simple mind betrayed her. She had been good wife material for she was quiet, meek and submissive (three qualities that Ruber despised with every ounce of his soul since he himself preferred women… a bit feisty, opinionated, bold, with some brains in their heads to argue), but she had been no Queen material. The figure of the Queen Guinevere inspired no authority, nor respect, but lust. Simple and plain, just like her. Ruber had never managed to understand how Arthur had been so besotted by her. And now, weakened by this betrayal and with many of his most trusted knights away in search of the Holy Grail to return Arthur to his previous self, the Red Knight knew that his moment to strike back had come. Ten long years in the exile… ten long years alone with his ghosts and the dark poison of revenge gestating within his heart, slow but sure, filling his nights with insomnia, barely contained anxiety attacks and nightmares. Nightmares with them. With those two women of bright green eyes, his same eyes, lying dead in front of him, covered in blood and tears. His mother, his sister. Nobody had loved them like he had; because now he knew it… he knew that there is nothing more precious than what has been lost. And he'd lost them. Forever. Now he was the last of his blood lineage. And he had tried so hard to change that… Oh, how he had tried… Knowing that he probably wouldn't catch more rest than the scarce four hours he had been asleep, the gigantic northern man rose slowly from the makeshift bed inside one of the many wagons where his people traveled like some gypsy communities and rubbed both of his eyes tiredly. He eyed briefly the asleep form of the woman by his side, surrounded by so many blankets and furs that she looked like she was inside a cocoon. The man then picked his clothes, dressed himself painfully slow and quietly and then abandoned in complete silence the lingering warmth inside the wagon to expose himself at the chilling nocturne air. Walking directly where he knew he will found what he was looking for, a few meters away from the whole camp, his eyes traced the dark bulky silhouette of the beast. After their confrontation and his subsequent victory over it with his bare hands and sheer brute force, the evil creature had sworn to serve him faithfully until his death. Because griffins had a much dilated life compared to a mere human like him. Stopping the points of his boots at mere inches from the creature's head, Ruber spoke. - You. – he commanded with a raspy, sleepy voice, barely containing a yawn - Wake up. Sniffing slightly the air before opening its eyes, the griffin hissed softly and then eyed groggily the tall human with its venomous pupils. - Yes, Master? – it asked politely, rolling the \"s\" like some snake while talking. - Shake off the slumber's spiderweb and pay attention. – the other said. The creature blinked a couple of times before getting up. Sometimes it wished its Master were a bit more… polite. He wasn't really rude, but the boldness in his manner of speech sometimes made the conversations with him… quite difficult to deal with. Especially for a being as prideful as a true griffin was. - Arthur is now in his most vulnerable state and the annual meeting is now only a few days away. – Ruber explained – I want you to fly to Camelot and, in the very beginning of this annual meeting, in front of all the Round Table knights, steal Excalibur from Arthur. It should be easy enough for you since every last of the men present there, including Arthur himself, should present their weapons at the backs of their chairs. You will take advantage of this weakness and take the sword before he can use it against you. And believe me… - he added somberly - … you don't really want that blade sinking in your flesh. – and, as if wanting to make a point of this, Ruber showed briefly his scarred hand to the now slightly perturbed griffin. - Which direction should I take, Master? – it asked. - To the South, always to the South, by the Thames river. – he answered – You have five days to reach your destination. With the first lights of the fifth day, attack the East Tower which roof is conveniently weak since it is constructed with glass panels. That's the Round Table Chamber where you'll find your target. Once achieving this, fly to the West near the coastline until you'll find a rural State; search the biggest house at the top of the beach cliffs, surrounded by dolmens and drystone walls. Meet me there. – then, putting a big rough hand over the griffin's beak, he concluded – Bring me that sword and you will be rewarded largely. – he took a few steps back - Now go, my magnificent beast, fly. Nodding wordlessly, the creature took off the ground with a majestic shake of black wings and disappeared in the now golden sky, with the first sunray of the first of its long five-day journey, looking to please the one who had bested its strength in fair battle. Staying a little longer observing the distant horizon and thinking in nothing in particular, wanting to lift a bit of the load his brains were submitted these days as his moment approached, Ruber inhaled several times until he felt better and returned at slow pace to the camp. A few old women, all wives of his men, his people, were now starting to get out of their respective tents or wagons to begin with the daily chores. Ruber inhaled hungrily the sweet smell of warm breakfast being prepared in the pots, knowing he will likely have to wait at least half an hour before getting something to his mouth, and he directed his steps towards the place where they left their horses tied. There he found her, awake and fresh as a morning glory. Her long dark hair carefully tied in a neat braid to avoid the huge black beast with red eyes and a snout full of sharp teeth to munch it by mistake as she gave it carefully its due breakfast: raw meat. That was the deal having a Nightmare as a mount, they were carnivorous and needed loads of meat in a daily basis to sustain their brutish metabolisms. When she finished feeding the unnatural animal, her dainty hands picked a brush from the floor and started to take care of the beast's mane while her also dark eyes meet Ruber's green ones. And there was a question in the way she looked at him. The man then nodded silently and waited patiently for her to finish. Once she had done with the beast, caressing briefly its long black mane, she picked the now empty meat bucket from the ground and walked towards Ruber. - Have you got some rest tonight? – she asked as a greeting, her voice pleasantly deep and smooth as silk, not irritatingly high-pitched as most of the women in the camp. - Some, yes. – he answered briefly. - Have you eat something yet? Rhetorical question. He never ate anything before her. - No. She looked satisfied with his answer. - Me neither. – she said – Follow me. I will make some breakfast. Eggs? - With ham? – he asked hopefully. - Typical of you. – she said, smiling briefly. She rarely smiled – Carnivorous 'til the end, just as your horse. – she started to walk - This way. And he followed meek as a lamb to the sweet promise of warm crispy ham with eggs in the early morning. He felt utterly ravenous. Even in spring, night came early in the South as at six in the afternoon the sun started to hide its golden splendor in the far West. That was the very moment he had decided to attack the solitaire big house at the top of the coastline cliffs. The air smelled of salt and farm since the big house itself was just a medium size manor surrounded with stables which gave roof to many farm animals. They first got the girl, the daughter, now a twenty-year-old young lady who had the strange habit to talk with herself, rooster in hand as if the animal was a baby, about how boring was this, how boring was that while she picked some eggs from the chicken pen. In the very moment the bulky shadow of the highlander had invaded her space, she had been unable to react until his men took her hostage. A whole week their camp had needed to reach the place without raising any suspicion, and now, igniting arrowheads in tar, Ruber waited a few delicious seconds before raising his hand in signal to attack. Their arrows pierced glass from the windows and set on fire the thick main door, the only part in the structure which wasn't made of stone. He had predicted that, after all he just wanted to scare its occupants, not to burn them. First his men went inside to secure the area, then he made his triumphal entrance. - Knock, knock. – he said jokingly behind his horned helmet when he spotted the person he was looking for: a woman. - Who… who are you? – the said woman asked, clearly taken aback. But at the very moment the man took off his helmet, bearing an insane grin he had had years to practice, her demeanor changed. - Ruber. – she spat contemptibly, clenching fists. Ruber's smile amplified. He had expected that much. - Julianna. – he addressed her – I was in the neighborhood and I thought I'd invade. He felt especially mordacious today, making jokes out of the blue that he knew the woman, Julianna, will not appreciate in the least. - How dare you?! – she exclaimed, rightfully offended – After what you had done to us?! - Now, now, no need to reopen old wounds. – the red haired man said, approaching the woman as her servants cowered in a corner, taking her by the chin unconsciously. She reminded him of someone else… and she also reminded him the time he had been infatuated by her in their younger days despite her former married state with Lionel – It would act in your detriment. She slapped angrily his hand, losing all composure she could have retained since that man entered by her door. She could not bear him touching her in the slightest. Everything in that man looked rotten and disgusting in her eyes. - Put your dirty, blood stained hands away from me, you impertinent pig! – Julianna exclaimed, throwing darts at him with her sole gaze – I demand you leave immediately! - So rude! – Ruber mocked her, feigning outrage – And after I came all this way… just to see you. Julianna took a good look not just at Ruber, who was the only one wearing an actual armor, red as blood, but his men: all dressed in pelts showing their legs and torsos, all tattooed with warpaints and runes of protection all over their bodies, with disheveled long manes tied in tall buns and with the temples and napes shaved. Every last of them pale as Ruber himself, blonde and red haired like Vikings, monstrously tall and broad. All highlanders, barbaric polytheists who relied in pagan magic and strategy to take huge populations with few numbers of themselves. Julianna realized for the first time she was in no position to even attempt to make valid her rights as a noblewoman. Ruber and his people were very different from the respectful and chivalrous knights she was so used to. - What do you want? – she finally asked, trying to discern how she would make out of the mess she unsuspectedly had gotten into. For hers was not the only live at stake. - Camelot. – Ruber answered straight – I want to return to the good old bad days when everybody fought for their lives and found their own fortune through their sword. I've grown really tired of all this peace… - and looking out of the corner of his eye, he turned to a trembling Edward, the loyal stable hand under Lady Julianna's service along with his family - … and SILENCE! – he screamed, scaring away the man, who quickly went to his wife and daughter's side to shield them from the evilness he detected in the monstrous highlander's gaze – No more lies, no more pretending, no more foolish acts of kindness. I'm sick just by looking at your faces and see the blissful blindness you surrendered yourselves to in the name of a utopia like Arthur's kingdom pretenses. Julianna couldn't believe her ears. After so much war and misery she had been through when she was a child and a teenager… that madman wanted to throw their efforts to the trash! By God, if it wasn't for her deceased husband Lionel when Saxons invaded her house as a teen, she could have been raped and later slaughtered! Never again! Never! - You are mad! – she exclaimed, horrified at the essence of pure hatred she saw emanating from Ruber's eyes. He said they were blind… but his hatred towards Arthur had blinded him as well. Ruber laughed. His a mirthless laugh, the kind of laugh a tired man would express. There it was. The accusations, the judgmental opinion from those who hadn't lived what he had. Mad, she said. But, while she meant \"deranged\", he took her words as he pleased and translated them into \"angry\". Because he was mad, mad for what Arthur had done to him. He had been the one betrayed first. - I'm so glad you noticed. – he stated, directing her a sharp, reptilian gaze – I've been working at it for years . Years in which me and my people have suffered the worser of fates: banishment. As confirming his words, his men started to roar. - Bàs gu Artair Pendragon! An tè a dh'fhuadaich ar daoine! Bàs gu dha! Horrified, Julianna shook her head, wanting to wake from that nightmare while Ruber pointed his men proudly with one hand. His scarred hand. - You've heard them. – he said - This is the wish of my people… and thus, my duty towards them. And they want Arthur's head. – he began to walk towards a family tapestry that Julianna and her and Lionel's daughter, Kayleigh, had knit when she was but a child and her father was still alive – And you, my dear Julianna… - he said as he sliced the point of his sword next to the woven figure of the child, closer and closer to her throat - … you are going to help me. I understand that the gates of Camelot are still open to you, yes? - I would sooner die. – the noblewoman hissed, realizing quickly Ruber's plan. - I think you'll find you won't be able to… resist! – he punctuated before slicing the tapestry figure's throat and, as if emphasizing his words, two of his men came in through the front door dragging a struggling Kayleigh along with them. Covering her mouth, Julianna tried to get to her daughter just to be restrained as the young girl by another pair of brutes, hearing impotent her voice calling for her. - Do not dare to harm her, Ruber! – Lady Julianna exclaimed, struggling with no avail. The two men restraining the young Kayleigh threw her at Ruber's feet while the imposing man looked at the tiny worm before him with clear amusement. - Follow my plan… - he started when, fiercely, Kayleigh took a spiked mace from one of Ruber's men and attempted to strike him. But quicker than thought, the tall red haired man stopped the mace in midair with his bare hand, gaining an incredulous look from the girl, who watched terrified how the spikes had sunk in the man's flesh and his hand was bleeding while his face remained impassive - … and she won't be hurt. – he finished, slightly annoyed by the girl's reckless attitude, feeling how his right eye twitched uncomfortably. In short, as he explained with pride to his horrified hostages, Ruber's plan depended not only on the surprise element, the part Julianna had to play guiding several wagons with the Red Knight's men hiding inside within Camelot (a tactic Ruber prided himself to have learned from the writings about the Trojan Wars)… but on magic as well. Not elaborating much in his sources, for not even his men knew about the pact he had made with the infamous Wayward Sisters, a triad of powerful ancient witches who were a dark legend among magic practitioners; Ruber showed the potion \"some witches\" had bestowed to him to make a hybrid army of men… and steel. And when he made the first demonstration, soon everybody learned what he meant by saying \"hybrid\": the potion mixed flesh with steel in a monstrous combination that rendered the affected as some sort of metal golem. Not many of his men were really into that kind of transformation… but several of them, with no families and nothing to lose after Arthur and his army drove them out of their homes for supporting their Lord, accepted willingly to become monsters if that meant a means to avenge their dead ones and their lost culture. However, most likely a consequence of the confusion the transformations brought among Ruber's men, happened that the guard who was restraining young Kayleigh wanted to become a golem as well and he careless threw himself in front of his Lord to receive the unholy \"blessing\", thus leaving the girl without someone who watched over her. Kayleigh took advantage of this, hiding, listening. Then, as if in a cue, the gigantic flying figure of a griffin had arrived, bringing news about the recent steal of Excalibur which had been quite sound the last few days along the County. First, Ruber was most pleased to heard that his magnificent beast had managed not only to steal Excalibur, but to wound Arthur severely in the process… however, the griffin had managed as well to lose the sword while it was flying over the Forbidden Forest, claiming it was attacked by a silver winged falcon. Then, Ruber had gone furious grabbing the huge creature by the neck with a single hand, submitting it with brute force, demanding it to guide him to the magic sword. Because it was well-known that the so called Forbidden Forest was a place of untold danger, filled with magical creatures and unnatural flora that swallowed the distracted traveler in the blink of an eye. Not many people had crossed the whole forest and lived to tell. The young and brave Kayleigh, having heard everything, mounted her stallion and rode in a reckless cavalcade direction to the very Forbidden Forest, wanting to recover the mythical artifact by herself. And Ruber and his men followed her. But that… is a different story. Because the story that concerns us here is the story of the left behind Julianna, and how she mourned her daughter's departure, praying to the Christian God that she will fare well in the new road of danger and adventure that had opened before her. The remaining of Ruber's men who had been left with the hostages to make sure nobody else escaped dragged the noblewoman inside one of the many wagons they brought along with them and they stood guard outside. Hugging her knees helplessly as some little girl, Julianna contained her tears until she heard something that disconcerted her. The voice of a woman. - I do not care what orders you have… or, specifically, what orders you think you have from Lord Ruber. I am entering this wagon and you are not opposing my will… or else. Julianna would have laughed if her situation had not been so miserable… but soon her skepticism turned into astonishment when the men who guarded her wagon opened the canvas door and allowed a slender figure clad in black from head to toe to enter. Julianna went backwards a little, not entirely sure what this new arrival wanted from her until two pale dainty hands went to the hood of her dark cloak and revealed a familiar face. - L… Lyonesse? – Julianna asked, hopeful – Is that you? The young woman clad in black smiled weakly. - Hi, Julianna. – she said softly, affection tinting her low, warm voice – Long time to see, dear auntie. Without further words, Julianna threw herself to her niece's arms, encircling her with her own arms, kissing her brow and her pale cheeks with evident affection. - Lyonesse, dear Lyonesse! – she exclaimed, happy to see a beloved face amidst so much grief – How are you, dearie, how are you? It has been so long since you disappeared…! - Eight years, auntie. – the alluded said, returning the embrace and looking carefully at her aunt's visage. She was still beautiful and her violet eyes were warm, exactly as she remembered her. Her mother had died when she was very small and Julianna had been like a second mother to her – I'm glad those brutes hadn't harmed you. I will have a word with them about how to properly treat a lady, they never learn… Looking at her with concern, Julianna took Lyonesse's hands between hers and invited her to sit with her. - Lyonesse, beloved niece… – she said once they were sitting together on the pelts over the wagon's floor – Where have you been all this time? What happened? The young woman lowered her eyes and sighed. - It's… a long story, auntie. – she muttered. Watching carefully her niece's reaction, Julianna jumped to conclusions. - It was him, wasn't he? – the noblewoman growled, taking her niece's face between her hands – Ruber. He kidnapped you when his men raided Gaheris' house. Lyonesse nodded, not daring to raise her eyes to meet her aunt's ones. Julianna's brow frowned deeply, her teeth clenched. - What that bastard had done to you, dearie? – she asked, suddenly furious – Did he hurt you? Did he…? – she stopped, unable to end the question. Then Lyonesse's eyes met hers a second time. - … Forced himself upon me? – she finished for her aunt – No, auntie. Ruber can be many things, but he's not a monster. Sighing with great relief, Julianna then questioned her niece with her eyes. - I don't understand then… - she spoke, unsure how to deal with such a delicate topic – He never asked for a ransom in exchange… we even didn't know it was him… or if you were still alive. Gaheris went to Camelot asking for help, unable to identify his aggressors… - Gaheris was a coward, auntie. – Lyonesse said to Julianna's great surprise – He escaped disguised as a servant and fled without making sure his recently arrived betrothed was safe. But I am rather glad that he abandoned me to my fate. Father wanted me to marry him because he was one of Arthur's knights like him, but I've never loved him. Julianna was speechless. She never thought that Gaheris' story about how he had tried to release his future wife from the grasp of the bandits with no avail had turned out to be a farce. - Ruber found me in my chambers while searching the house. - Lyonesse continued, unsure – I threatened him… a little. – she said, blushing when she saw the pleased smirk her aunt directed to her – But with no avail, I think he was more amused than truly scared. Then he said that I was coming with him. I was seventeen and I thought someone would come to rescue me, like in the old tales, so I complied. – and then, she smiled weakly again – But nobody arrived. It was like everybody I knew had just forsaken me. - I've never forsaken you, dearie. – Julianna said, hugging her niece again – Nor your cousin Kayleigh, who asked at the minimum opportunity at the passing knights on our lands if somebody had managed to get you back. – and kissing her brow again, she added with a smile – And I'm sure my brother, your father, having feel better of the illness that ended his life, would have started the search himself. Or Lionel, if he still lived… - About that, auntie… - Lyonesse suddenly said – I'm really sorry for what happened, I… The noblewoman smiled. - You already gave me your condolences when that happened, silly. Don't you remember? You were the first who came after Lionel's funeral to stay with us a while, helping with the house chores. You were a blessing after so much grief. Lyonesse fidgeted nervously with the hem of her velvet black dress. - Well… yes, but… - she stopped, eyeing shyly her aunt, who raised a questioning brow – Now that I… - What, dearie? - W… well… a wife should try to make amends f… for her… husband undoings… - Lyonesse finished in the lowest of voices, not daring to look at her aunt. Julianna froze in place. - Your WHAT?! – she exclaimed, thinking her ears deceived her. - I knew you would be mad at me for this… - Lyonesse mumbled sadly. - I am not mad at you! – Julianna exclaimed again, livid this time – I am mad at him! How dare he? – she gripped the younger woman's shoulders – Did he forced you to marry him? Oh, I will kill him, the bastard… - Uh… you'll see… - Lyonesse begun, her dark eyes looking anywhere but her aunt – He… - Still waiting for someone to come and rescue you? – Ruber's voice came from behind as she was sitting in front of the bonfire, trying to warm her hands a little in the still of a very cold winter night, alone with her thoughts – I am so bad with you that, after a whole year, you're still waiting for that excuse of a man your betrothed was to come for you? Lyonesse watched as her captor, the infamous Red Knight, sat beside her. - You aren't bad with me. – she said after a short silence – You're always eager to please me, you grant me every whim, every petty desire my heart wants. You give me the best clothes, the best wagon to sleep alone in, the freshest viands. I've noticed that. – she explained slowly – But do not mistake my acknowledgement for blindness, because I know you are not a good man. - I am not. – he admitted, shrugging – Does that bother you so much? - I don't know. – she admitted as well – Does my opinion matter at all? I am still your prisoner, after all... - You are not. – Ruber said suddenly. - Since when? - Since you can roam as you please around our camp and no guards or myself would stop you if you decided to leave us. - You know very well that I wouldn't last a single day alone in the wilderness. Ruber sighed. - So I understand, by your demeanor, that you want to return to your home? – he asked. And Lyonesse could tell he dreaded the answer. The girl shook her head. - There's nothing for me left in my former home since my father died. – she spoke sadly – He was very ill when Gaheris asked for my hand and everybody said \"yes\" except me. I suppose he wanted to secure my future by not leaving me alone as the sole heiress of a big house where I would likely had succumbed to boredom and grief. - So you prefer to return to that coward? - Gaheris was my betrothed and my father's chosen… but I didn't love him. - So? Lyonesse sighed. - So now, I don't know where that leaves me. – she said absently – You said that now I am free. But what kind of freedom is being able to return to my home and slowly die amidst nothingness? Should then I dedicate my life to God in a nunnery? Should I marry an unworthy coward of a man whom I don't love? Should I stay here with you, a betrayer, and live at your expenses without even deserving it? I don't know who I am anymore or if my life right now hold any significance. I'm not even one of your people, nor do I know about your customs. - You can learn. – Ruber said, looking intently at her – If I could learn your customs many years ago, you can learn ours too. You have the intelligence to do that. Do you have the willpower? The girl had looked at him perplexed, not even knowing how to answer to a compliment so open like that. She had been called beautiful, gracious, good-heartened… but never before \"intelligent\". Intelligence was not a necessary virtue to being a proper lady, but obedience. - Do you really think… that I can be one of your people? – she asked, hopeful of belonging to a place, to have an identity… to be more than simply a beautiful decorative maiden. - I do. That day, the way she had been looking at that man with the serpentine green eyes had started to change. True that he wasn't very chivalrous, for his bold manners sometimes made her wish to… strangle him until he learned some TRUE good manners. But he was astoundingly sincere. True that he was much older than her. But she didn't care. True that he wasn't quite how she would picture a handsome man, and his appearance was a little… disheveled. But he looked rather nice in his own way. True that he wasn't a good man at all… but he was good at her. First she opened to his people, not only learning about their customs, but making actual conversation with them, listening to them with attention, wanting to make the best for them; adopting these rough, stubborn, proud and resilient people with centuries of culture at their backs as her own people. And Ruber approved. She started to truly earn her keep by helping around, making herself useful instead of living as a leech, learning how to assemble and dismantle tents, the kind of wood to pick to make a bonfire, to ignite an ACTUAL bonfire, to flay rabbits and other animals they ate after… and she, in exchange, taught the women all the useful chores and tricks she had been taught since she was a child in order to be one day a good wife. And Ruber approved. Her many journeys through repetitive chores reached a comfortable pace as she socialized a bit more mostly with the women… though, as humble wives of illiterate men, they didn't suffice in regard of a truly interesting conversation. Giving this, Ruber, being the son of a noble, became the evident choice for her to seek something more… akin to her intellectual level. This way, despite her initial reservations, made the two of them grew closer. And one day, she had found herself fully satisfied with her life, strangely aware that those times when Ruber approved what she did or spoke with her, she felt happy. He wasn't a man of many words, but his actions spoke for him. If earlier he had been treating her nice by indulging her a tad too much, now he always made her sit by his side in every meal, allowing her to take the first bite. Later, instead of leaving her inside the wagons when they moved to another place, he insisted to have her sitting on his horse, his monstrous black horse, while he guided the beast by the reins on foot. - The Lord honors you greatly, and often. – one of the old wives said to her one day when they were washing the laundry in a near river. - I've noticed. – Lyonesse answered shortly, not raising her gaze from her current chore. - And you have accepted his gifts. - the woman continued. - I have. - Wait until May have passed. May is a most unlucky month. - For what? Then suddenly, all the women around her had stopped abruptly their work to raise their heads to look at her. - Have you got no eyes to see, child? – the old woman scolded her, frowning – Or are you simply blind? That very day, a strange cycle of excitement and dread in equal quantities had started to fill her days. Excitement for known herself appreciated, desired and accepted… but dread because she couldn't figure out what would be expected from her. Should she play along until he decided for both of them? Should she spoke with him? Or maybe the wives were just seeing things and everything was just a huge misunderstanding? He had never expressed that kind of interest in her before, in fact, she had thought that he saw her as little more than a girl… but Lyonesse herself couldn't really read a man so reserved as Ruber was, so she was pretty lost in such matters. Or maybe she didn't want to see the truth. Nevertheless, the wives ended being right about their suspicions and the Red Knight, though in a very circumvented and evasive way, had eventually asked her for marriage. First she thought he was making fun of her, so she went a little cocky and bold and she had answered straightly that she wouldn't mind marrying him. Then, everything had started to spin irreparably fast. Taking her word for granted, he announced a day within the next month, giving her time to make her due preparations, and left a very speechless and dumbfounded Lyonesse to deal with the mess she herself had gotten into. Then, during that time, she didn't do a thing to stop it, even helping the other women to prepare her wedding dress and the like… and later, as the signaled day came, she played along, her mind not quite wrapped around the idea through the whole celebration… until night came. And she awakened from her stupor when she found herself alone inside a tent with Ruber. That definitely was an awkward moment when she looked at the man and saw that expression, as if he was waiting for something. That very moment she realized he wasn't touching her unless she consented. And she couldn't believe a man his size was actually looking for her acceptation. She had found that somehow… endearing. So she had consented. And so, until today, she hadn't regretted her decision. As Lyonesse had ended her tale, Julianna found herself pensive. Not a word escaped her lips as she eyed cautiously her niece. She couldn't believe what she just had heard. She had been spending the last ten years cursing Ruber's name, thinking of him as a greedy, heartless monster for having tried to assassinate the King and for having deprived her of her husband and her daughter of her father… that she never had tried to think of him as an actual human being. - He had been good to me since the very beginning, auntie. Before and after our marriage. – Lyonesse said slowly – And he has suffered much, for he had paid dearly his betrayal and Lionel's murder. Arthur and his men killed his family and exiled him and his people. – she bit her lip – I… I am not trying to excuse him of his crime, auntie. Never. But you should know that he already paid for it. Now I'm the only family he has… or, at least, by the moment. Julianna then eyed the young woman in front of her with clear surprise. - Lyonesse… are you…? – she asked. - It has been six years since we married and no children came along. – Lyonesse said – First I thought that it was my fault… but every time I tried to apologize for not being able to bear children, he silenced me saying that most likely it was his fault, not mine. Now that time is over. I'm with child. – she smiled a bit – He doesn't know yet, but I know he will be happy for it. He had wanted children of his blood for many years. I think he wants to recover the family he was deprived of. And I want this child very much, auntie, very, very much. Uncertain about how to feel or cope with the news, Julianna limited herself to hug her niece. After all, even if was Ruber's, that child was now part of her family. One couldn't blame an innocent baby of the sins of their father. So she held the girl, her now big girl, while she murmured words of love and encouragement, not a single word of resentment about the decision she had made years before, when she likely could have asked her and Kayleigh to make her a place in their home. But that time was lost, forever. Now they would have to figure out what was next. She prayed that Ruber never captured her daughter, for that would mean that all hope was lost. Even for Lyonesse, for power would likely destroy Ruber from inside out. Julianna had seen it in his eyes. The eyes of a bitter madman driven by revenge. SCOTTISH GAELIC: * \"Death to Arthur Pendragon, he who evicted our people! Death to him!\" (I don't really have much knowledge in Gaelic language, so if anyone sees something bad spelled or poor grammar, please, do send me a private with the corrections and I will gladly update the chapter). Author's note: aaand here you go, more juicy story. I've decided to include some references of the original tale \"The King's damosel\" in which \"Quest for Camelot\" is - loosely - based. I really couldn't make Lyonesse as Kayley's sister for evident reasons, so I made her family related, yes, but not so close. And, yeah, while reading another awesome fic about QfC I saw Kayley written as \"Kayleigh\", so I took the idea for my story. This had been so difficult to write because the chapter was starting to be a little longer than I initially expected and I had to split it in two, so the next one is basically the events showed in the film but from Ruber's perspective. It's still not completed yet, but I already have the Epilogue complete as the fifth and last chapter. Tell me what do you think about the story and do correct me if I've spelled or written something wrong. You guys are awesome![Chapter 4] \"Highlander\" Chap. 04: I . Highlander. That wretched man… he had dared to… - He's delirious. – said a distant voice, far away hidden in the waves of his ill mind – Bring me more ethyl alcohol, quickly! The infection is spreading by his blood. - Wouldn't be better to just cut off his arm and cauterize the wound? – a second voice dared to ask – He will bleed to death if the hemorrhage doesn't stop! - Fool! Would you want a maimed King sitting on the Throne?! - I prefer a maimed King instead of another undetermined time of civil war with greedy nobles disputing the Throne between them! - Then be quiet and prepare a cataplasm of garlic, cranberries and Echinacea. – the first voice instructed sternly – Cooperate and do as I say and not only you will save your King's life, but also his arm. Without an arm, a man cannot defend his people. A maimed King is like a land without water: present but useless. The highlander… cutting swiftly his way between his men like a knife cuts through butter… unstoppable as an avalanche, brutal, bloodlust filling his eyes… - Hold on, Arthur. – that first voice… ancient, but wise and filled with worry – Your part in History hasn't reach its end yet. The first one who had risen to his defense had been Lionel… loyal, idealist, kind-hearted Lionel… - Here you go, Master Merlin! - Good. Now apply it. White hot pain coursed all along his arm reaching his head and muscles along his chest he never suspected he had. Gritting his teeth, he could swear that, being not his stomach empty, he would have thrown up in that very instant. Just as he, looking at the corpse of his old friend lying on the floor in an awkward position and drenched in dark blood, had wanted to vomit when he realized he had allowed a loyal man to throw himself to death. A man who, unlike him, had a family. A man whose wife had never betrayed him and, despite still being young and beautiful, had never taken a second husband. - We're losing him! - No if I can do something about it. Then darkness surrounded the semi-conscious King. The last of his bloodline. Were his eyes deceiving him? Did he just… witnessed a rock, a godsdamned rock of all, literally spitting out one of his metal men? The dude in question, huge and with a pair of chains riveted with deadly spikes in its ends for arms, first directed an ugly look towards the offending rock, then a sheepish one towards Ruber, all of him coated in thick, greenish saliva. Ruber facepalmed himself. The fools had just allowed the troublemaking girl to escape. This was going to be a strenuous journey not just by crossing the perilous Forbidden Forest from side to side, but having to chase the little shit too. Feeling his right, then his left eye twitch a little when the cursed lake's surface in front of which they were standing burped as soon as he kicked a stone to test it and saw how that same stone was quickly swallowed, Ruber repressed a sudden grunt of frustration. Why the damned flying creature had to fucking drop the stupid sword? Why the annoying wench had to ride towards the Forbidden Forest instead of ride towards a more sensible destination like, dunno, maybe Camelot, to put a logical example? The Red Knight was starting to lose his composure, and at fast pace. Feeling completely drained, the druid allowed his old bones to rest a few minutes before checking for the hundredth time Arthur's condition. He wasn't faring well. His arm wasn't evolving well. All forecasts suggested that he could lose it. Merlin knew this and a sudden surge of frustration coursed along his stern features. Arthur's spirit was restless since the Queen's betrayal. Long ago, when the King had expressed his desire to marry Guinevere, Merlin had opposed the idea; by that time with a sole look he had had enough to being aware of the sensuous nature of the young girl, who had been more than ten years younger than Arthur himself. What did he expect? To love him just because of his good heart and his position? No, Guinevere had preferred a handsome face with a charming personality instead of a King. She had been young and utterly stupid, not knowing what her betrayal had invoked. Lust had surpassed honor, guilt had won over goodness and madness had conquered reason. And now this: the King without a sword, the land without a King. Sinking his head between his hands, the old wizard sighed. Now, under all the ministrations he had procured to Arthur and all the power that had cost him to retain his limb attached to his body, Merlin had only to wait. How much, he didn't know. Feeling more and more anxious at every second that passed looking at the same neverending path full of colored, suspicious flora that wanted to sink its teeth at the minimum slip of guard, the already deranged psyche of the Red Knight, product of the more than twenty-four hours without getting any sleep, developed an entirely new dimension of delusion when he drew his sword and started to systematically stab the ground and the nearby trees, paranoid that they wanted to swallow him any time now. - You wretched mythological moron! – he exclaimed at the third time he suspected they already passed by the same spot they were in – Where did you drop the sword? – he inquired impatiently, pulling one of the bat-like griffin's ears. Hissing in pain, not really appreciating in the least the permanent foul mood of his Master, who already was almost crossing the thin line between of what was acceptable and what wasn't in regard to the treatment he was dispensing to the powerful being, the griffin smelled the air and then proceed to examine the ground they were in. - It all looks so different from down here… - it commented, making an honest effort to contrast the surroundings to any visual reference it could remember about where did it, indeed, had dropped the cursed weapon. Wanting to butt his solid cranium against the closest hard surface, Ruber suppressed the violent urge to strangle the creature. Ask for something more idiotic than their current situation and you will have a hard time getting worse. - It's not use. – the red haired man sighed heavily when he noticed the last lights of that very day were disappearing between the thick foliage that roofed their view from the clear sky – We are going to camp here for the night. You… - he addressed one of his metallic men, feeling a sudden chill crawling along his spine when he noticed the vacant, empty, almost blank stare he received in answer. That was something the Wayward Sisters hadn't commented when they had bestowed that cursed potion to him in exchange of Arthur's head and, thus, more territory to expand their vile ways. He hadn't thought what was truly like to become a spawn made of flesh and steel. Now, he was unsure of what to think about it. The potion's effects were irreversible – Go fetch some wood for a bonfire. And you. - he added, looking at the other man, his gaze as devoid of life as the former one – Try to find something actually edible in this damned forest, and please… if it is a unicorn or something of the like, let it be. I don't want to get more cursed than I already am. – he muttered, more to himself than to the strange golem in front of him. The metallic men nodded and they began with their respective tasks. After a really brief supper where he and the griffin had been the only beings who had actually eaten, Ruber found himself sat in front of the dying bonfire staring absently at the orange flames casting dancing shadows at the still forms of the asleep magical creature and his men. Dark thoughts assaulted him in the surrounding quiet blackness of the forest. The last six years he had grown dependant of Lyonesse's presence by his side to get asleep, even if that same slumber consisted on four or five hours of true rest. He had grown old and disgustingly soft. He sometimes even felt ashamed of his nightmares and anxiety attacks, because she always would be there soothing him, holding his large frame with her thin arms and always being so damn kind and supportive… he had wished sometimes for her to simply ignore him or even say that she had had enough of his weakness. That way he, one way or another, would have felt bounded to man up and this pathetic routine within his marriage would likely had ended long ago. But she always said that she was okay dealing with all his shit, that she was there for him and he only needed more time to overcome his trauma. Wasn't that pathetic? A decade had passed since the source of that so called \"trauma\" happened. Wouldn't he just leave it alone? And she , of all people, was the one dealing with it almost every night. The first time he had laid eyes on her he had admitted that she was a rare beauty, black hair and black eyes among a land with a huge percentage of the population being blonde or auburn haired (for gods' sake, there was more people being redheads like himself than being raven haired instead). But what truly had captured his interest was that very moment when, after raiding that disgrace of a knight's house and entering unceremoniously in her private chambers not even knowing the wretched Gaheris had a betrothed as a guest in his home, she had taken a silver stylet from her dressing table and had start to threaten him that if he laid a hand on her, he will lose his masculine parts. That had been so damn fetching… but, above everything, intriguing. He openly admitted he had acted with a part of his anatomy that had clearly not being his brains at all when he almost immediately had stated that she was coming with him, either nice and easy or over his shoulder like a potato sack. And she had proven a true lady, if a feisty one, when she had had walked in front of him with a dignified pose, saying that she acknowledged her situation and she would play hostage willingly as long as nobody touched her; and that way, she had allowed herself to be abducted with her head high. He should have suspected where her bloodline came from after such a display and later, when he learned that her aunt was the very Lady Julianna he had been so infatuated with when he was younger, Ruber had wanted to facepalm himself. Why he had to feel attracted towards such a kind of woman, who would feel nothing but repulsion and hatred towards him? Why he had to be so damn picky and obsessive? But he found not repulsion, nor hatred as far as Lyonesse was concerned, but a totally understandable and even predictable wariness. After all, he had been the one who had slain her uncle-in-law and threatened King Arthur's life. She also had heard about him and his gruesome war accomplishments and, instead of being afraid or disgusted, she was more than anything… a bit guarded, but nothing out of what a sensible person would feel in her situation. All the time she had been kept hostage she had behaved like a civilized, reasonable person never looking at him or his men like they were somehow inferiors to her, never bearing that cursed look he knew so well from Britannian people who thought that Scottish \"highlanders\" were no more than a bunch of barbaric Vikings (ah, the ignorance…). She, at least, had been decent enough to not calling them names but simply addressing them as she would do with any other regular individual. Truly expecting some sort of warrior or knight sent by King Arthur himself to come and rescue her as any other seventeen-year-old girl raised under Arthur's kingdom pretenses would, her dignified demeanor started to shrivel up as many months under the Red Knight's custody had passed and nothing had changed at all. Ruber had known better and he hadn't been so surprised at all, but seeing the girl growing so sad and depressed, clearly isolated from the rest of their camp and keeping all to herself, somehow bothered him. He had tried to behave as civilized as she was, displaying a very unlike of him behavior of almost gentlemanish manners biting his tongue more than often in order to not being so brusque as he was usually, giving her space, privacy and many other small luxuries he was sure she would appreciate being nomads as they were. She always thanked him… but more than once he had felt compelled to even ask (yes, ask , not order as he would have liked) her to get out of her wagon to catch some fresh air and sunlight. She was becoming so pale that, along with her raven hair and scandalous shadows under her eyes, gave her a ghost-like resemblance. He knew she was starting to look like him and he really didn't want that so, one day, he decided he had had enough and he had had a little talk to her. The girl, to his much surprise, wasn't so much against their lifestyle and staying with them wasn't a so ill prospect to her like he had feared, instead what was truly killing her was her self-imposed isolation along with a very introspective notion of not belonging anywhere. She even felt that she was living at his expenses and that was something that made Ruber slightly… uncomfortable, even a bit guilty. After all, he had been the one who had abducted her not even knowing how to properly deal with her unsuspected politeness and the attraction he felt towards her even before learning who she was related with. So he had given her an official change of her status as hostage to… \"guest\" he guessed, and the chance to earn her place among his people. She had taken that chance eagerly and he had not been disappointed in the least. She had been truly honest in her intentions and that had left him conflicted with himself, confused with the alien sensation of feeling like a total asshole. He wasn't a good man and he had behaved how he had pleased most of his life, meaning that he knew he had pretty much been a complete dick with a lot of people and he didn't care about it in the slightest. Why the girl had to be different? He then had decided to pay no mind at the situation… until the girl had started to talk to him. First he had dismissed it as small chattering, very expected from a girl her age, until he found himself… exchanging knowledge, making comparisons between customs and contrasting impressions about books they both had read. The girl was actually very opinionated and she liked to discuss a wide variety of topics that hinted a most impeccable education. No wonder she sought to converse with him, for the wives, mothers and daughters of his men were peasant ladies who even didn't know how to read or write, much less to bother themselves with complicated ideas that weren't among their priorities. So that way one day he had found himself thinking that what a waste she would have been being married to that air-head of Gaheris and, instead, she should marry someone who could truly appreciate her sharp nature. Someone like him. It wasn't something he had thought at that moment when, driven by lust, he had abducted her… but now it made perfectly sense. Ruber had never wanted to marry any \"noble\" lady of the High Lands mostly because they were likely blood-related to him one way or another and he had had enough of inbreeding issues within his family. And no Britannian noblewoman would have wanted him as a husband. And he didn't want a meek peasant girl who just would obey him and who basically was bound to be the bearer of his children and little more. No, he wanted… something else. And that \"something else\" could be perfectly the raven haired girl whose presentation card had been a threat to chop off his balls if he dared to play funny. She was pretty to a fault, she was kind, she had brains, she was feisty… and she had more guts than any fancy knight of Camelot he had ever known. She was perfect. So he had proposed. And she had said \"yes\". At first, he was shocked, because he wouldn't believe she was agreeing so easily. But she did. And everything had been smooth and easy… until they went to bed for the first time. Sex was well enough, he supposed, a truly nice change from the few prostitutes he had been with all these years… even if he had to restrain himself in order to not behave like an animal with her. Yeah, everything had been really nice… until he had fallen asleep. And the due nightmares he always experienced had started to poison his unconscious mind. That had been not only pathetic but infuriatingly… humiliating. Because she, even sore from their previous activities and clearly startled of his sudden behavior, had asked really nice, really sweet, what was wrong with him. And he had started to talk. About everything, about his mother and his sister, about the bloody details that had surrounded their deaths. And much more he didn't know it weighted his soul so much. He spoke about his father, about the dangerous lunacy within his family, about how his brother had wanted him dead and how much loneliness he had felt those years until Arthur had come with his offer. He had explained how the people in the Court had treated him, how he had felt, how he hated that \"highlander\" epithet that everyone called him like if was some kind of insult. At some point he had started to sound delusional, and he painfully knew that, until his new bride, instead of feeling utterly horrified of so much darkness and shit surrounding him, had hushed him softly and she had embraced him tightly in silence until he had felt her tears against his skin. Thunderstruck, he had asked why she was crying. - I cry for you. – had been her answer – Because I see you yourself don't have tears for all the pain and misery you had been forced to endure. - You know I am not a good man. – he had said after a while, his eyes lost in the darkness inside the tent they were in – Why should you pity me? - Because you, as well as any man, have a soul, have you not? Besides… - she had added - … I was once sad and lost and you helped me. I will do everything in my power to do the same for you. That very moment he had had started to love her. It felt a little cliché to fall for your own wife; a little cheesy indeed and he knew it… but he couldn't help it. And now, he was absolutely dependant of her presence to have a proper rest, how ironical… Grabbing his aching head between both of his hands, he proceeded to lay down in the soft grass fully aware that he wasn't getting any sleep that night. And he was right. For their entire journey through the Forbidden Forest in the company of that pestering girl, he had been annoyed. Her complete disregard of the nature alive (and mostly harmful, mind you) around them, filled with ancient magic capable of the worse curses… or the most gruesome deaths for the report; the incapability of taken care of herself in regard to certain metallic men he had saved her from by mistake after ruining his precious and only one fishing net he had spent weeks making… all of this was literally making him to teeth grinding from time to time. He had tried to dissuade her, first warning her of the perils of the forest, next dismissing her as incapable telling her he knew the sound of each rock and stone and he embraced what others feared… to, as a last resort, discourage her by leaving her behind, going through the hardest paths, ignoring her grunts of the evident effort she put to keep his pace and sporting deaf ears to her attempts to bring up some conversation. And the worst part had been that Ayden, his only friend and guide through his lonely existence as a hermit, had taken a liking to her. Why in the blazes he had agreed, finally defeated and fed up of her stubbornness, to bring her along? She was nothing but Trouble, with the Capital T. When the night had come, he had violently halted his brusque walking and, without a word, he had started the task to light a bonfire to cook something more decent than his rations of dried meat. He could use some fresh food without that unhealthy amount of salt, his mouth tasted sour after having been hissing between clenched teeth for the unsuspected record of six full hours of neverending stupidity from the girl's part. He had been eating absently, growing more and more annoyed as the girl couldn't damn shut her mouth, making from time to time inadequate and highly insulting comments that were closely related of \"look at this, look at that\", \"have you seen the bright colors of this plant?\" or \"wouldn't kill you to take a look at this\". Was she doing it on purpose? He really couldn't tell if she was so unkind-hearted or simply dumb. The latter would be likely the right answer. Feeling first a flutter of wings close to his face, a second later the tiny weight of Ayden, his falcon friend, over his shoulder, Garrett sighed. - We shouldn't have brought her along with us. – he muttered to his animal companion while passing him a bite of his roasted rabbit – She doesn't have a clue what she's exactly doing. She would be better off on the road gaining advantage from that Red Knight and his creatures to warn Arthur than tagging along and slowing us. The silver winged falcon gave a high cry as if disagreeing with him. Ayden sometimes behaved so human-like that Garret felt amazed. Smiling slightly, Garrett passed another piece of roasted meat to his friend. - Do you understand him? – suddenly, the voice of the annoying girl reached his ears once more. Garrett blinked a couple of times and his thin smile disappeared. - If you are not going to eat more, I suggest you to go to sleep. – he stated dryly, not even bothering to answer her question – A long journey awaits us tomorrow. - But I don't have a… - she started until something soft hit her right on her face – Humph! What is this? Garrett felt exasperated for the hundredth time in that long day. - You have the gift of sight and yet you can't tell what a sleeping bag is. – he stated, sarcasm dripping from each word – How quaint. - I've never had the need to deal with this kind of situation… - she sounded suddenly weak. But Garrett wasn't in the mood to pay mind to her feelings. - Go to sleep or not, do as you please. – he grunted – I really don't care if at six in the morning you are still asleep because you need more rest than usual. I will leave without you. - Then I will keep your sleeping bag forever! – she exclaimed, outrage tinting her voice tone. If he could see her, he would bet that she now looked pretty upset. That served her right. Without answering, Garrett continued eating, adding some wood to the bonfire from time to time until he finished his supper and he started to pick up things in order to wash his utensils. - Allow me to help you… - the girl started to say until a sudden move from his hand prevented her to finish her sentence. - No. – said Garret with a cold edge in his voice that gave the girl some pause – You have helped a lot already by slowing us, getting yourself into trouble and chatting incessantly about the first nonsensical idea that courses through your head. I don't need more of that kind of help . A sudden, blessed silence was all the answer he needed as he started to clean everything and to accommodate himself in the grass since he didn't have another sleeping bag for himself. And as he was comfortably drawing into sleep, feeling the remnant heat from the dying bonfire against his face, he heard something muffled not far away from where he was lying. At first, he couldn't quite picture what was that sound until he identified it as muffled sobs. On that very moment his blood froze in his veins and a sudden pang of guilt overcame him. Maybe after all it was fitting that he was a blind man and his eyes didn't recognize other thing that blackness… because if the girl's muffled sobs were any indicative, his heart in the last years of solitude had grown black indeed. Author's note: well... I've got caught away in my writing and I ended with this one, long as it is, still without finishing the story. I will write this one along with other two to get finally to the Epilogue. Just... bear with me a little longer, will ya?[Chapter 5] \"Highlander\" Chap. 05: Me . \"Highlanders\" they said, \"those bunch of brutish people belonging to a brutish race with brutish customs and brutish endurance\". He likely would disagree in everything but the latter… however, feeling how his stomach was literally almost turning upside down from the recent experience of their last encounter, he wasn't so sure anymore. Ruber fought a wave of nausea as his irritated sight observed from the corner of one eye how those… those… thrice-damned , sonuvabitching critters, Julianna's lil' shit of a daughter among them, escaped for the hundredth time from his clutches. - Ssseize them… - he hissed with a raspy, weakened voice as he felt how his pride was being crushed into dust as his recent experience prevented him to even move. - Yes… Master... – his faithful pet, the griffin, replied with a voice so high-pitched and choky that Ruber momentarily pitied the creature. He didn't have a clue where his men could be, but he and the griffin had been the ones who had actually being so close of their intended prey, so close… to end trapped under the insane weight of a smelly ogre, those gigantic creatures made of rock and moss that slept during the daylight. But that precisely hadn't being the worst of his failed plan. The creature, that disgusting creature… Oh, how he hated ogres… Getting on his feet, Ruber bent forwards and threw up miserably while his senses returned slowly to him. He didn't think about what lied in front of him until he found a dead end in his run towards the girl and her idiotic friends outside the ogre's den. Still seeing double, his survival instinct allowed him to stop just a few inches from a freefall downwards a precipice. Then he blinked several times until his sight informed him that the girl and the others who accompanied her were literally sliding down the earthwork. Great, just great. But as metallic steps found him, he turned back to face his men to immediately take a quick decision: to kick them down the precipice in order to have a chance to reach the girl. - After you ! – he exclaimed angrily as he saw the metallic golems rolling graceless down the precipice as some sort of avalanche compounded by three rocks made of steel with arms and legs. It wasn't the best plan he had ever formulated, but the events of that morning had proven too much for him. That senseless chase towards the girl and the sword, the damn sword, had been a total splitting headache. A week, a whole week after the girl's steps and Ruber had managed to find himself along the griffin and his men gotten into the most surreal, stupid situations he had ever lived. At the next morning after their first night spent in the Forbidden Forest, one of his scouts had informed him about the girl's destination along with a blind man and a silver winged falcon that knew where Excalibur was. Yeah, well, everything had been alright to that point: following the annoying girl and her new companions to the sword. His plan was perfect: going after them undetected so, as they would put their fingers on Excalibur's hilt, Ruber and his men would capture them. But, BUT, first they had gone across the dragon country located in the very center of the Forbidden Forest for a whole day without taking a single break in the middle of the volcanic background and the searing heat which had made Ruber sweat under his armor like a pig… to end with the troublemaking girl managing to piss off a whole group of full-grown fire-spitting beasts. Then everything had turned out a whole mess. Following a two-headed dragonling (yeah, you know, this kind of weird dragon babies that had undeveloped wings and whose meat was as tender as a lamb's given the fact they didn't have the natural armor the scales of true dragonhide provided to the adults) the girl and the blind man had found a way to evade the belligerent adult dragons… but Ruber and his men hadn't been so lucky and they had ended themselves eventually face to face with a whole group of five beasts, one for each one of them. Ruber had known that, in theory, dealing with sharp dragonhide armed with a sword was totally pointless, so he had thrown his weapon aside. First he had tried to calculate the beasts' movements, their body language, trying not to piss them off further than the girl and her companions already had. Then he had stuck to the wall the forked canyon they were in provided because he knew, from their position, that trying to escape wasn't really a good idea… but one of the dragons, presumably the alpha of the group, had approached him, and only him, and had showed Ruber a double file of its long, sharp teeth coated in a smelly and disgusting greenish slime that had been its saliva. Ruber had contained his hand until the foul stench of its breath barely at a palm of his face had stung his nostrils while his eyes had observed how its pointy, slimy dark tongue was approaching to his flesh. Feeling utterly sick at what he was seeing and smelling, Ruber didn't know what he was doing until the pain from his knuckles connecting with dragonhide informed to his brain that he had just… punched the creature. And the beast was actually roaring with pain . So they weren't as strong and indestructible as the fables painted dragons. So he had continued punching the disgusting lizard, bare handed, until he had beaten it to a pulp. That had become the actual dinner later that night. So, as he was chewing the roasted meat of that same dragon he had reduced hours before, Ruber was swallowing voraciously as impotence poured over him. He simply couldn't believe the misadventures he had gotten into in less than two days. The griffin was by his side watching him eat, eyeing the roasted meat with desire while a thin thread of drool went downwards its powerful beak. He had taught the powerful being long ago to NEVER eat before him. - I can't believe I'm reduced to chasing a little girl… - Ruber hissed between munches - … a blind man… - he continued as the powerful being beside him lower its head in shame as it knew this was meant as a reprimand for losing the sword - … and a pigeon of all. – then having enough of the portion of meat he was eating, he had thrown the remains to the griffin, who took what was being offered ravenously – Find them all and report back to me. The creature, hungry as it was, didn't answer as it savored the salty meat. Ten whole seconds passed and Ruber, whose patience was growing very thin lately, pulled one of its bat-like ears, a point in the creature's anatomy he knew it hurt a little more than if he pulled a few feathers from its neck. - Did you hear me?! – the red haired man hissed, sending a warning glance to the griffin while it swallowed the meat. - Sorry Master, my beak was full. – the griffin answered with an apologetic face. Ruber looked at the creature a whole minute without blinking. He just… couldn't believe it. - Typical. – he sighed, letting go the being while he massaged his temples, feeling how another headache was coming – Of all evil creatures in the world, I had to find one with table manners… But the griffin had followed his orders to the letter and, by the dark, it returned with news about the little runaway group. As Ruber suspected, they were smart enough to not to travel by night so, as the first light in the morning would crown the skies, he would press his men to quicken the pace until they reached them. Luckily for him, if the report from his beast was correct, the girl and the blind man often struggled with one another about the decisions to take in regard of where to go. That disagreement could prove their undoing as Ruber knew, more than anybody, that constant quarrels about who was the boss would slow a group considerably. He had lived similar situations back when he was under Arthur's service… and the solution had been always the same: to prompt those who opposed his command to \"casual accidents\". After all, accidents do happen , right? - When I'll get my hands on that girl… - he grunted that night when everybody was asleep, releasing a bit his much frustration, visualizing very graphically how that fragile neck would snap if he squeezed hard enough… He simply couldn't stand this much idiocy, how the girl had escaped in the first place and even managed to get allies through her quest. And later, as his group caught hers unaware the next day, he also couldn't believe that, even with the blind man wounded, the girl had managed to slip from Ruber's grasp and even block temporally their path towards them. The task had been seemly easy enough: the Red Knight had caught sight of his prey and, before giving the order to get them, he had taken his sweet time studying his adversaries. A quick glance at a safe distance hidden in an advantageous position between the dense foliage had procured Ruber a whole picture of the situation: the guide, clearly, was ironically the blind man whose authority was being constantly diminished by the incessant and sometimes even unnecessary and goading chattering from the girl while the two-headed dragonling was anything but useful hissing and quarreling one head with the other without a truce. With so much noise and distractions, Ruber immediately seized the opportunity as he tensed his bow aiming at the guide. He wasn't really a good archer, and now even less giving the fact that his sight wasn't anything like as it used to be when he was eighteen and he had had to hunt down beasts in the wilderness to sustain himself in his young, dark days as a runaway. But, if not lethal, his arrows had always proven to be… pretty accurate. So when the blind man had dropped to the ground clutching a bleeding side, Ruber had given the order. - Get them! But the girl, the utterly annoying girl, had proven to be quite resourceful when she had helped the blind man to get on his feet as she procured with the unsuspected help of some strange creature/plants to trap Ruber and his men under several pounds of pure magical wood just by guiding the creatures' spiky limbs towards Ruber's group instead of hers as those entities didn't make a distinction between one's another's. That had been humiliating. But more humiliating had been the most recent event as Ruber's group had managed to catch up again with the young Kayleigh's one. Somehow, the blind man had recovered amazingly quick from his injury in barely three days as he followed the track of some gigantic footprints that ended leading both groups to an ogre's lair. The disgusting creature in question had Excalibur in its power using it as a toothpick, so the common goal to get the fabled sword had become in less than a minute a race against the clock to see who got it first. And the winner, to his much frustration, had been the troublemaking girl yet again . Plus, during the process, he and the griffin had found themselves trapped under… the ogre's butt. The next course of events had been so humiliating that he didn't want to remember anything that hold even a remote resemblance to them. So now he was looking at the distance, seeing the girl along with the blind man mounted over the dragonling's belly as they slide downwards that precipice closely followed by his… rolling metallic men. Ask for something more bizarre and unrealistic and you would have a hard time finding something worse than that . Meanwhile, his griffin had been chasing after the blasted silver winged pigeon but, as the puny little bird flied towards Ruber, it also guided the bulky frame of the dark mythological creature towards its Master… prompting an unavoidable collision between the two. So, basically, Ruber ended along the griffin rolling downwards like his men as some inelegant ton of bricks; stupid as it sounded. Twenty minutes after, when Ruber woke up from the considerably slam he had gotten to his head while he had rolled downwards, he first had screamed in frustration, then he had his way hitting and kicking the metallic golems around him as the men just took it without even blinking. - That's it! I'm done with this! – he shouted as he panted like a horse, ignoring the general pain he felt all over his body after the fall – Enough of this stupid game! We're heading towards the end of this cursed forest! Hissing in pain, the griffin shook out the dust from its feathers and sneezed. - So… after everything we went through, we are going to let them go just like that, Master? – it asked completely fed up, wishing for once to get back to the familiar caravan. Ruber recovered his mangled sword from the dusty ground. - Who said nothing about letting them go? - the highlander spat between clenched teeth as a sardonic grin appeared in his emaciated visage, exhausted and a bit delirious after their misadventures and so many days sleeping less than an hour per journey – We are going to anticipate their movements. After a couple of days out with fever, Arthur's life was out of danger. Merlin's reserves of mystic energies were completely drained and he knew with crystal clear certainty that he would need a whole Mooncycle to replenish them again to their fullest. He was starting to get too old for all of this. First, Uther with his insane infatuation with the forbidden Igraine and the struggle both, man and druid, had gotten into after Pendragon had changed his mind in regard of handing his firstborn to Merlin as they had accorded as a fair payment for the druid's services. Years later, Arthur and the civil war in order to make Britain as one Nation. Then, Guinevere and her betrayal. And now this? His deep knowledge in arcane magic had prevented him to wither and die long ago as the years had passed inexorably… but what magic could not prevent was one's soul to become old. And Merlin's soul was now ancient. How much time he could stay by his protégée's side until his advanced age would render him as inhuman as had rendered his kin long ago? Take Morgause for example, her ambition and hatred had driven her to even sacrifice her children's wellbeing in exchange of a chance to face him and defy his power. The McLeod Clan, the one her deceased husband and their children had belonged to, was but a means to her twisted will. Just as it had been with the Unholy Triad of the so called Wayward Sisters, spinners of Fate and puppeteers to men's will. Inhuman, perverse… immortal. Now Merlin was alone, disowned by his kin and getting old while the only family he had, his pupil and his King, Arthur, was fighting for his life and his sanity. All the sacrifices made to make Arthur King in order to bring peace and unity were but a fleeting chapter in History as Merlin knew too well no heirs would hold Arthur's burden when he died. How pitiful was to desperately clung to a mortal's life to extend that fragile time of peace that, if the signs in the sky were correct, was about to shatter no matter how much they tried. And that was a burden too heavy even for a man as powerful as the mighty Merlin of the legends was. - \"Garrett… Do you think my mother is safe?\" - \"If she's anything like you, I'm sure she's fine.\" So many things had changed in the spawn of a single week that her senses were still raw, her body ached and her heart felt… confused. - \"We must hurry. There isn't much time left.\" She still could feel his rough hand on hers, allowing her to direct their steps, having found a comfortable, even friendly way to walk one beside of the other. Together, inseparable as an item, equals amidst the greenery where she had learned how to coexist with nature and magic in harmony. For she had found harmony, both in mind and soul. - \"Garrett, I can see it now… the sky!\" His steady pulse against her palm, his thin gentle smile hidden beyond the wild curtain of his blonde hair, his dead eyes more shining than the stars… those very stars they had had been walking under as he made questions about the visual detail of their surroundings while she described everything as far as her sight went. - \"The end of the Forbidden Forest…\" - his voice had been veiled with something invisible she hadn't detected at first, for she only had a smile. A smile of relief, a smile of hope… a smile only for him even if he couldn't see her – \" It's okay, you go ahead. I'll be… right behind you.\" So he had been there, backing her, making sure nothing would come from behind to harm her… and now, she missed that sensation of utter safety, the feeling of a cord shared between them preventing them to become afar from one another. Because… he wasn't there any longer. - \"Garrett… what's wrong?\" - \"Take Excalibur to Arthur. You don't have much time.\" - \"But we shall deliver the sword together!\" - \"No.\" – and his negative had been forthright, a sudden pang of something sad and distant had crossed his features – \" You deliver it. I… I don't belong in that world.\" At that very moment they, somehow, had moved backwards in their relationship as he hadn't offered a further explanation for his sudden change in spirits while his steps guided him back to the gloom of the forest followed closely by his animal companion, Ayden, to be swallowed again by darkness. Looking his back turned at her and his silhouette diluting in the distance, Kayleigh had felt something sharp and painful being torn from her chest. The cord they had been sharing, keeping them close. And her innards were bleeding for that sudden lost. Because he belonged in her world. How to explain something, if she gave enough questioning to the thought itself, that wasn't as easy as she at the beginning had pretended to think? She had been lost, scared, chased by a bunch of monsters and hopelessly alone in a quest she now knew it had been too much for her right from the start. And he had been there, if unwillingly at first, to play the white knight for her, to guide her through hostile territory, to soothe her with kind words when she felt useless and stupid, to offer her his hand and being her eyes through the dark. To be everything she had needed in her darkest hour. It had been a whole week. Seven days of her twenty-year-old life. A drop of water in the middle of the ocean. A week was meaningless to a life so young with so many years to come… but still, that sole week had been a time in her life she couldn't leave behind just like that. Fighting a sudden pang of emptiness, the young Kayleigh had tried to regain some of her old bravery, some of her old herself. With the sword in her hand and the clumsy dragonling twins arguing between them after her steps, Kayleigh looked at the blue sky to forever and the blowing grass in the wind, dancing. It would have been a much better sight… with him… with her… Shaking her head, she tried to rationalize with her inner self: if he had never met her, she'd be fine on her own… because she had never felt so lonely than when he left. This thing , this… feeling was never meant to be such a crazy affair… And who has time for tears right now with the kingdom in peril? Suddenly, she stopped, squeezing the sword tight as tears gathered in her eyes, realizing that she had never thought she would sit around and cry for someone… 'till now... How could she felt so strongly for someone she had barely met in the spawn of a week? Someone who had been brusque and rude to her at the beginning, someone who with she had so many disagreements, someone initially so hermetic, someone she had put in unnecessary danger with her incessant chattering, a product of her nervousness and the uncertainty of her mother's fate at Ruber's hands. Someone… who had been the last one to tell her something about her father's good nature, the legacy of Sir Lionel's kind heart spread even to that remote place in the world, in that hermit's heart who had felt responsible in a way of the injustice delivered to Lionel's memory as he, having been the stable hand in Camelot's stables when he was a child, had allowed the betrayer to escape that fatidic day atop of his horse after his murder. A child so young… grown into a man who couldn't forgive himself for what wasn't his responsibility, for what cannot been avoided. She had sought to ease his pain, to disperse his insecurities telling him that Lionel wouldn't want him to give up, that he was as good as any knight in Camelot. After that conversation, something had changed between them. And now, she had lost that something forever. Or maybe she hadn't? Would her father want her to give up, to leave this young man he put his faith in many years ago? The answer was no. - I'm going back for Garrett. – she said out loud, settling her decision to take her companion with her to Camelot… even if she had to take him by the ear; until a sudden roar stopped her in her tracks. Ruber and his men had found her. She hadn't time even to hold her breath as long chains enveloped her middle section painfully as they secured firmly her arms and, thus, rendered her unable to make sudden moves. - I'll take that. – said his voice, his obnoxious snake-like voice as he unsheathed Excalibur from the sheath between her hands. Raising her head with a frowned look, Kayleigh gave a dirty glare to Ruber, who looked most pleased to finally have the mythic artifact in his power – Ah, Excalibur… mine forever! – he exclaimed delighted, eyeing the weapon with an insane grin to, almost immediately, divert his gaze towards Kayleigh – You have been quite annoying and a bone hard to chew… for a little girl. Kayleigh eyed the sword's blade glistening against the sunlight as if it was an electric wave in Ruber's hands, then she noticed the greedy glint in the Red Knight's eyes as they took in the pristine steel. - I've waited ten long years to hold this sword. – he said with a thoughtful glance, his mind clearly divided between his greed and the knowledge of what a powerful instrument he held in his calloused hand – Oh, how long I have waited… How long had been that time in his life… unable to have his revenge, unable to lead a normal life… to now, having that instrument of power ready to serve his purposes… He had meditated carefully all this time since he had got out of the Forbidden Forest what to do with the sword. Because it was pretty clear that he could lose the weapon any time now as he impotently had kept losing it this late week playing the cat and mouse game with the girl and her idiotic friends. And he just couldn't risk losing Excalibur right now. In fact, he couldn't allow himself to lose it never ever . Looking at his hand holding the sword's handle, he knew what he had to do to secure his place in the Throne and Arthur's head on a pike. It was a risked move, but not one he hadn't foreseen already. The pieces were in their right places on the board chess. Inhaling deeply, Ruber remembered the promise he made ten years ago to his mother. Now he had fulfilled all her expectations… but one. Because no heirs of his blood had come neither from his encounters with those nameless women of his past whose faces he had forgotten over the years, neither from his rightful wife. A man who had been with more than one woman through his life and not pregnancies, unwanted or not, had come along was likely bound to be sterile. On the other hand, the potion the infamous Wayward Sisters had bestowed upon him, along with making possible to fuse flesh with steel, rendered the affected barren. Barren and immortal, indestructible, imperishable. What did he care then about getting barren if he was already sterile? That way he would make sure to fulfill his promise to its final consequences, no matter the price. So he rummaged a little inside his breastplate until he found what he was looking for: the unholy concoction. With slightly trembling pulse, he carefully allowed a single drop to fall over the fingers of his right hand, making sure the liquid contacted both his flesh and the steel of Excalibur's handle. - Now, I will hold it forever… - he muttered as a searing pain coursed along his arm, igniting from inside to outside his blood system – Prepare for the glory… OF A NEW AGE! – he exclaimed as a vicious greenish fog enveloped him. Somewhere in the distance, he heard the cry of denial from the pestering girl as his flesh melted around Excalibur and reaccommodated to the steel forging an entirely new limb. A limb even the griffin regarded with horror as the greenish fog dissolved slowly. Blowing over the burning steel fused with his arm, Ruber hissed in pain. - It's hot! – he exclaimed. Kayleigh's legs failed her as she ended knelt, head down, on the dusty ground. Ruber approached her and lift her chin with his human hand. She reminded him of someone else… just as her mother reminded him of that someone in the same way. Someone he had fond memories with. Someone he loved. - Don't worry little girl. – he said softly to immediately change bluntly his demeanor, remembering who was talking to – I'll make sure Arthur gets it back… or gets it in the back . – finding his occurrence utterly funny, he chuckled evilly – As the case may be. – he added, turning his back at her – Shove her in the wagon. – he ordered to his men, who dared not to contradict him. For he, human or not, was still their Lord despite the consequences that followed his decisions. Lyonesse waited expectantly by Julianna's side, both women sat on the pelts and cushions the younger had brought to her aunt in order to make her stay with them as comfortable as possible. Julianna had been sad and distant and Lyonesse had had to resort to beg her to eat something after whole days of not even taking a bite. Suddenly her aunt seemed so frail, so helpless… so lost. The woman prayed daily for her estranged daughter, always fearing for her wellbeing and hoping her good wishes would guide her to brighter paths ahead. The raven haired young woman didn't know what to say, what to do to make things better or, at least, easier for everyone. Her husband's men, those who had been transformed and had not accompanied him in his perilous journey through the Forbidden Forest, weren't behaving well with Julianna and the rest of the people they kept hostage. Lyonesse had witnessed very rough mistreatment towards Lady Julianna's servants and her aunt had been spared of the physical part, if not the psychological, mostly because, if brutish, those men knew better than pissing off their Lord's wife. Their Lady. For she could be young and minute, but she had a temper to be reckoned. And Ruber himself could attest that. Lacing her pale, dainty hands with her aunt ones, Lyonesse gave them a small squeeze while smiling warmly. She had lost the count of how many times she had assured the woman to not to worry if Ruber finally managed to capture Kayleigh, for he knew that he would pay dearly if he dared to harm her cousin. Besides, he was an adult and he knew he was dealing with a young girl (even if that same young girl was a whirlwind herself); he wasn't so ruthless to even contemplate hitting her. His strength alone would suffice to restrain her without the need of violence. Suddenly, after a strange change in the atmosphere which had hidden the sun briefly and had left a slight sulfuric odor hanging in the air, both women hold their breaths after an ominous silence to gasp when they heard several metallic steps towards their wagon followed by a torrent of a very unladylike curses spoken by a known voice. Then, out of thin air, the very Kayleigh they had been so worried about dropped in front of them, face-first to the wooden floor of the wagon. After some grunting by Kayleigh's part and a quick exchange of looks between Lyonesse and Julianna, the latter dared to speak in the lowest of voices. - Kayleigh! – she exclaimed. The alluded raised her head to look at, first her mother, second the slender, clad in black young woman beside her. - Mother…? – she said, confused – Wha…? She didn't finish that sentence when her mother's arms encircled her. - Thank Heavens you are safe! – the noblewoman said, tears of joy gathering in her beautiful violet eyes. Tears that she would never allow falling, for she had many years at her back restraining the tears fruit of the many sorrows of widowhood. After embracing her mother with all her might, as if releasing her would prompt the older woman to disappear in thin air, the young Kayleigh interposed her body between her mother and the pale stranger before her. - Who are you? – she demanded, hostility painted all over her features, the body language tense and protective towards Julianna like some wild feline – What are you doing here with my mother? Oh, if you have done something to her… Lyonesse's delicate features faltered a bit and her black eyes showed a sorrow so deep that gave the young Kayleigh some pause. - No, no! – Lady Julianna quickly stepped in to take her daughter by her shoulders in an appeasing gesture – It is alright. Do not you remember her, Kayleigh? It is Lyonesse, dear, your cousin. Kayleigh's eyes went wide as she took a closer look of the raven haired woman in front of her. She didn't remember Lyonesse to be so… pale, so slender… so dark. The image her memories retained of her disappeared cousin was of a smiling, energetic and rosy cheeked teenager, not this young woman with that unearthly aura that gave her an ethereal and almost aloof appearance. - Lyonesse? – she said after a while, still baffled – Are you really Lyonesse? The alluded smiled weakly and nodded silently. Without warning, Julianna pull one of Lyonesse's hands towards her and the three of them ended embracing one another, exchanging kisses laughs and tears. - At last… you are with me, the both of you… - said Julianna. She couldn't think what more to ask, she had them with her, her little girls… - Finally, we are together. God be praised for his mercy. But suddenly, after regarding her cousin's face, memorizing this new her after so many years without seeing her, Kayleigh's demeanor weakened. - What is wrong, dear? – asked Julianna, noticing the change in her daughter's mood. - I… - she started, licking her dry lips, her light brown, almost amberish, eyes suddenly filled with tears – I've failed you… The sword was in my hands… I was so close… - her tears fell – But I've failed preventing him taking it. And now… Camelot will be lost. Lyonesse eyed her aunt, unsure what to do… or what to feel about Ruber taking Camelot. She knew how her husband's mind worked and, while he wasn't the tyrant both Julianna and Kayleigh thought he was, he wasn't stranger to cruelty. Both experienced and delivered. In case that he really achieved his goal to make Camelot his, many would suffer under his rule. He was a rancorous man and his memory, certainly, lasted very long. And there were many in the Court who, like Arthur, had earned his hatred. Maybe his rule would not be as dark as many would think… but the \"cleansing\" he would deliver to those who would oppose him wasn't going to be pretty. And Lyonesse knew that. But Julianna didn't allow any of her fears transpire and took her daughter's face between her hands, forcing her to look at her eyes while her thumbs swept the girl's tears. - No, dear, never say that. – she said firmly, a light of courage and determination lightened in her eyes – You were brave, Kayleigh. Never let anybody say otherwise. Kayleigh smiled weakly, not really feeling better but trying to be strong for her mother and cousin… until a shadow from outside the wagon blocked the sunlight that had been pouring through a tiny opening that worked as a window. - What a touching reunion. – Ruber's voice found its way to their ears as his silhouette against the sun looked dark and menacing, his green eyes cold as ice as they fixed first on the mother and daughter tightly embraced, then on his wife, who was giving him an indecipherable look – But all this love … - he literally spit the word - … is making me nauseous. – ah, there it was, that look. A reprimand was in order after this if he could read his wife's gesture correctly right now – And you've got a job to do, Julianna. Remember? – he added pointing with his left hand towards the woman in question – We are leaving in an hour with you at the head of the wagons. But first… - then his voice dropped its coldness an octave - … I'd like very much to have a private conversation with my wife . Kayleigh gave an incredulous, horrified look to her cousin, who dared not to return her gaze and, nodding wordlessly, said goodbye and got out the wagon to meet her husband outside. He was mounting his Nightmare, wearing a black cloak that hid the right half of his body from neck to toe. - Had a good time in your relatives' company, my dear? – he said as a greeting, sarcasm dripping from each word. - That wasn't necessary and you know it. – she scolded him, her eyes narrowed lines of pure blackness – You should treat them better instead of mocking them and their suffering. – then her visage saddened – You're better than that. Sighing heavily, Ruber gave up his cold façade immediately. He was tired, so tired… and displeasing Lyonesse so much wasn't really helping to improve his mood. After what have he done he felt… empty. His hatred and his craving for revenge hadn't diminished in the slightest… but somehow, the knowledge of being invulnerable, unstoppable, immortal… had left him cold, devoid of dreams, the idea of the man he was and could have been erased from his very soul. Now he was Ruber the Immortal and he didn't know if it had been a good idea after all. But there was no other way… how a barren man was meant to keep alive his bloodline if not by immortality means? He had promised… But he wouldn't be alone in his journey through Eternity, for he was determined to grant Lyonesse the gift of eternal life in exchange of the children he wasn't able to give her in all these years of fruitless marriage. In exchange of all he had taken from her. So he had dismounted and he guided his wife towards their wagon. They needed to talk. Once inside, she had made a gesture to open the little windows in order to bring some light to the cabinet, but he had stopped her. - I would prefer to deal with this in semidarkness, if you don't mind. – he said somberly. And Lyonesse knew something wasn't right in the very moment he hadn't made a move to reach her or to close the distance between them. Sex, she would have expected; for a whole week being apart from each other surely would have prompted the man to seek being with her in no time. In fact, she had been expecting that much so that would aid her in the announcement she wanted to make. Once satiated and relaxed, Ruber was much easier to talk with, and maybe she could… well, attempt to convince him to give up this madness and reconquer his old lands. With the present ill status Arthur was in, nobody would bother if the kingdom lost the High Lands. Maybe they still could lead a normal life together with their child, maybe… - You know, seeing you with those two, your aunt and your troublemaking cousin, I can't help but notice… that maybe I've should left you with them many years ago in the very moment I saw you becoming a shadow among strangers you avoided and feared. Me being the first on the list. Lyonesse's eyes went wide and she stared the darkened silhouette of her husband unable to speak, unable to read the emotions in his face with the gloom around them in such a closed space. She even cannot get a clear impression of what his words meant, why he was saying those things right here, right now. - You had a family, you had a house, you had a title and lands… everything I myself allowed to slide from my grasp. – he continued, his words darkening with each syllable pronounced – And I deprived you of all these things. I threw you into a hostile environment and waited until you felt helpless as a baby and offered a poor substitute of what I took from you: being the wife of some renegade, a betrayer as you straightly put that day, homeless, landless and honorless with no hopes of thrive in a land he had help to unite in the first place. - That's not tru… - Oh, but it is, Lyonesse, it is true as the day and night. – Ruber interrupted, his reptilian eyes taking in her silhouette, beautiful even in the dark where he cannot see her face clearly – There's nothing good, nor honorable about me. I took you because I wanted you, and maybe if you had behaved like those pricks back in Camelot's Court you would have witnessed just how I really am. They were right saying that I was deranged. My blood took care of that since my birth. With trembling lips, Lyonesse raised her hand slowly to his face. - Don't. – he said when her fingertips were but a breath from his skin – Save your pity for one who truly deserves it. I'm here because I want to compensate for what I took from you… for what I have been unable to give you all these years. - What…? – Lyonesse started, baffled, until her confusion soon became horror in the very moment he retired the cloak from his right side. Her hand went to her mouth to stifle the cry of denial that threatened to escape from her lips as her now used to the dark eyes took in what he had been hiding under the cloak. - As you know, ten years ago I made a promise to my mother. – Ruber said, painfully aware of her horror as her form trembled in front of him – A promise to live to prevent my bloodline to extinguish like a blaze in a wasted candle. To live to gather the means, grow stronger and avenge my flesh and blood. - his eyes narrowed – Now the time of that revenge has come. I was able to live, to gather the means… but not to prevent my bloodline to reach a dead end with me. Tears started to spill silently from Lyonesse's terrified eyes. At this point, Ruber's hand went to his wife's cheek, sweeping her tears almost tenderly. - That wasn't your fault, but mine. – he said absently – I always knew I was sterile; happens when several generations within one's family consists on marriages between blood related individuals. Nothing can change that, and now… it doesn't matter anymore. – as he said this, he raised his right arm… if you could call that thing he now exhibited as an actual arm – With the potion the Wayward Sisters bestowed upon me, I've become partially what my men are right now, but enough to assure you that now I am immortal. – then he directed a chilly gaze towards the young woman – And you will be granted with the same gift. Shaking her head, Lyonesse took several steps back, a sudden cold sweat now drenching her entire back, her hands clasping protectively in front of her belly. Because if that wretched potion which have turned her husband into… that touched her, something told her in her gut for damn sure that her baby would be affected, one way or another. And she didn't want to lose the baby… or worse: to give birth to a monster. But Ruber was still speaking. - I will dissolve a single drop of the potion in water just to diminish the effects and avoid depriving you of an entire limb like me. – he was saying as in a daze, his words the stuff of nightmares in Lyonesse's ears – Maybe the ring I gave you would suffice. Flesh with metal… luckily, a finger would be the issue. And what's a finger in exchange of Eternity…? A piercing scream filled the whole space where they had been talking in the dark and, when Lyonesse was aware of her surroundings again, she realized that it was she the one who was screaming. Ruber seemed paralyzed at her outburst, but soon he went to move in the very instant he saw his wife trying to make an escape. Maneuvering clumsy with his new metallic, lethal limb, he managed to forget for a moment he had a sword instead of a hand and ended sinking the blade in one of the walls of the wagon. Taking advantage of those precious moments when Ruber was struggling to free his arm-blade from the wooden wall, Lyonesse rounded up him quickly and made her escape picking the hem of her dress with both hands and starting to run in no particular direction, trying her best to not to look back as she went inside the thick foliage of a grove. She ran even with her left side aching from the sting the exercise had brought into her system, she ran until she went out of air and stopped to look where she was. In all these years she had thought that she couldn't make it through the woodland, but now… now something more precious than her own safety was at stake. Maybe she could reach Camelot herself within the same day, maybe… But soon those thoughts were quickly dissipated when the bulky frame of the griffin descended upon her from the sky. And Ruber was mounting the creature. Terrified, she tried to run again until the massive left hand of her husband caught her by the elbow. - What are you doing Lyonesse? – he asked as if he couldn't believe her reaction towards his offering. But Lyonesse started to scream at the top of her lungs while she shook her head. - No! NO! – she cried, her eyes filled with tears – No, please, no! - Stop! – he exclaimed, starting to lose his composure – Enough, Lyonesse! – but soon he left her go as she dropped herself to the ground and crept towards the closest tree to cry in silence. Ruber observed her for a while until a poisonous thought clouded his mind. - Do you find me repulsive, monstrous perhaps? – he hissed, showing his affected limb in all its horrific marriage between flesh and steel, metallic veins sank in the bloodless flesh like claws of some grotesque, unholy creature – Is that right? You think an eternal life beside me would be even more disgusting than it had been these last years? – he was delusional, his green eyes full of twitches, his lips twisted into a snarl – Look at me and tell me the truth, Lyonesse! But Lyonesse wasn't hearing him as her hands shielded her belly and her eyes were tightly shut against the world. Approaching the trembling woman, the griffin observed the way her hands were clasped around her middle section and then inhaled. Her scent gave away her secret. - She's having an anxiety attack. – the creature informed to its altered Master – Better to soothe her as soon as possible. It will prove harmful for the hatchling inside her. Ruber's expression froze. All the insecurities that had been poisoning his mind cleared with such violence that left him slightly dizzy. - What…? – he muttered absently, eyeing his wife as if it were the first time he had seen her. The griffin inhaled again. The aroma was unmistakable. - She's with a… uh… how do you humans call it? A baby? – the creature probed – It smells like you, Master. You've sired it. It's a good sign, you have a faithful mate. - What…? – Ruber repeated, incapable of deal with a complete sentence. Feeling that, somehow, its presence wasn't really required in a situation so tense, the griffin retired slowly to the darkness of the foliage in order to not to disturb it's already disturbed Master. The last week had proven perhaps a bit too much of his constant mood changes and the griffin knew that one false move right now could prove highly perilous for its physical safety. So, as the creature retreated, Ruber's legs lost strength and the man ended knelt in front of a still crying Lyonesse, first eyeing her firmly shut eyes, then her belly behind her hands. Then, as the realization fully hit him, he threw himself at his wife's feet. - What… what did I almost do…? – he said, suddenly aware of the atrocity he had wanted to do to that woman … that very woman who knew him better than anyone and who was the only family he had – I'm not… I didn't… I… I'm sorry, Lyonesse… But she didn't react to his hasty, broken words until she heard him sobbing. - I'm sorry, Lyonesse, I'm so sorry… - he kept saying over and over – Forgive me… forgive me… forgive me… Dazed and utterly confused, the young woman blinked twice before actually looking at him, his head down not looking at her while grabbing with his remaining, trembling hand her skirts. Then, for second time in her life, she couldn't believe how a man his size could look so frail before her. Eyeing warily the atrocity he had made to his right arm, now a grotesque tool of destruction, she found her trembling fingers first touching softly that aberration, feeling the irregular pattern of flesh and steel meeting at barely few inches from his shoulder… then sweeping her touch over his wide throat up his jaw and temples where she started to comb his bright red hair with her fingers. For she loved that man. She loved his bold sincerity and every inch of darkness that had molded him into the person he was, with all his virtues and flaws. But what she loved more about him was his weakness. She completely, hopelessly loved that weak man crying in front of her asking for her forgiveness, trying in his wrong, twisted way to mend what he considered he had done wrong to her. He was asking forgiveness not just for what he had just done to both of them, but for his recklessness, the insane thirst for revenge that had been eating him all these years preventing him to heal his spirit and to fully enjoy the good things he had in his life. He was asking forgiveness for depriving her of the kind of life he once had and lost miserably. So she held him quietly, truly forgiving him with all her heart of who he was since he couldn't forgive himself. And she kissed him, accepting him for what he was and not the man he could have been. Accepting the fate his blood, long ago, had written in cold stone. Author's note: ... wow, I've written a lot this time, huh? I'm sorry I've delayed this too much, but after Christmas I've started going to class again and I didn't have much spare time, less to write a story that it is so difficult for a writer who is used to write in Spanish but wants to give some quality to her English stories. Now, as you would notice, I've included some of the lyrics from \"You're not here\", a song from Silent Hill 3 sang by Mary Elizabeth McGlynn. I thought that, given the separation between Kayley and Garrett, was somehow appropriate. You see, I'm giving the popular couple some attention ;) Also, not so incidentally, I've added another reference to the title of this fic: Highlander. If you ever watched the film \"Highlander: The Immortals\", you would notice that McLeod it's the surname of Connor, the protagonist, and the fact that all immortals as him are barren just as Ruber become in this chapter as he made himself immortal because of the potion. Well, now we're heading towards the end. One more chapter and the Epilogue will unravel before you. Let me know your thoughts about the story, I don't know if it is interesting enough or not. Cheers![Chapter 6] \" Highlander\" Chap. 06: Mine . Highlander. That was how this infamous \"Red Knight\" was called back in Camelot, many years prior to his self-imposed exile. Garrett knew this well, he had been a stable-hand and a prospect of a squire when Sir Lionel had seen what others couldn't see as he had lost his own capability to see. To see not just by physical means, but to see others for what they were. After being blinded by an unfortunate kick of a horse, people had started to treat him differently… like if he, along with being blind, had somehow become deaf too. He had endured harsh words from the stable master, whose gratitude was short-lived as Garrett did his usual work double the slow due to his senses acclimating to his new status. And the highlander… that man had been one of the many people who have crushed his dream to be a knight to dust. - \" The boy will never be what you truly need, Lionel. He's blind and there's nothing that could be done. Don't you feel that's a cruelty to fuel a dream he will never achieve by his own?\" - \" The boy has spirit and a good heart. That's all Arthur asks from his most loyal servants. That boy can become whatever he wishes as long as he stays true to his heart .\" - \" You're an idealist, Lionel.\" - \" With ideals we constructed Camelot. That's the kingpin of our unity.\" - \" And that ideal is bound, one way or another, to be crushed by the harsh reality of our world, just like the boy is bound to be crushed by the reality of his own circumstances. Heed my words.\" - \" War has turned you into a bitter man, Ruber. Your lack of faith in humankind is astoundingly sad… and it speaks of a cold heart.\" - \" Nobody survives with a bleeding heart, and if war has taught me something is that, between hurt or being hurt, I prefer being the hand that wields the sword.\" - \" That's… callous.\" - \" Hardly. That's reality for you, Sir Knight. You will remember my words when one day having your weapons at your disposal will depend on that boy you're taking pity of and he'll be a second slower than one with sane eyes would. That second could prove vital between life… and death. For both of you.\" - \" I'm still having him as my squire, Ruber.\" - \" Suit yourself. Your pity towards that boy is like spitting on his pride. He's not a dog, but a boy with dreams an adult is just humoring. On the very second you will disappear from his side, he will realize he's nothing.\" Those words… had been like a knife right through his heart. Unseen he had been listening to the entire conversation and unseen, or so he thought, he had gone to the barn to sink his head and his dead, full of tears eyes between his hands. - \" Don't let him or anybody else to make you falter in your purpose, Garrett.\" – Lionel had told him after a while watching him in silence how he sulk, again and again, shrouded in his self-pitying and misery. - \" But what he said holds some truth. I'm nobody: an orphaned, illiterate stable boy whose sight now is no more and whose existence is but a burden to the King.\" - \" Who has told you this?\" - \" Everybody talks about me… sometimes even in front of me like I'm not present at all. The stable master says now I'm good for nothing and it would prove better for him to simply throw me to the streets and acquire another sturdy, healthy boy instead of a would-be-beggar like me.\" He couldn't tell, but Garrett somehow had sensed the quiet anger emanating from Lionel. Not towards him, but to the people who had said such things to a lad so young and so vulnerable. Lionel had been a true friend. Almost the father Garrett had never known. - \" At least that knight, the one with the odd accent, was honest.\" – the boy had added after a while in silence. Lionel had sighed. - \" Ruber is… a difficult man. I don't think he meant to be harsh, but he always finds a way to be it nonetheless. War tends to change people, but war itself… war never changes.\" – he had added somberly, as if remembering something particularly painful – \"He has forgotten what means to be part of this dream, to hold dear our O ath: United we stand, now and forever in truth, divided we fall. Hand upon hand, brother to brother …\" - \"… no one shall be greater than all .\" – both, the man and the boy had finished together. At this, Garrett had felt Lionel's hand over his head in a rare display of paternal affection. - \" See?\" – he had told him – \"The O ath runs deep in you, like the blood in your veins. Keep saying it aloud proudly and making example of it. Nobody's better than you, Garrett. You are bound to do great things.\" But that dream died with Lionel the very next day, when the King and his knights had their annual reunion and the infamous \"Red Knight\" had decided to hold more blood on his account by attempting murder King Arthur and slaying Lionel in the process. The man had run that day, after committing the crime, right to the stables where he had put the blind boy aside and had ride out of any justice's reach. And Garrett had done nothing when the powerful man had put him aside, as if he were nothing but an ant in his way. And now, after leaving Lionel's daughter going by herself, he felt something akin to… regret. But he was so sad… so sad and resented, knowing that in Camelot, she would see him through other people's eyes. Not a knight, not a man… not anything. He was better alone. However… That hissing at his back growing in volume, the heavy uneasy steps, the mixing of two different reptilian voices weaving sentences intertwined… Those things, those… twins Kayleigh had seemed so fond of, even to the lengths to ask him letting them accompany both humans to their quest. The dragonling twins, Devon and Cornwall the young lady had named them to distinguish one head to the other as their bodies were conjoined since birth. Why they weren't at their favored human's side? Did they grow bored or even scared from the outside world so quickly? Weren't they escorting Kayleigh to Camelot?! Weren't they supposed to keep her safe ?! Where was Kayleigh?! - The mad human took her! – Devon, as if sensing his question, had said quickly, trying to make himself heard above his twin's voice – He found her on the way to the sssity! - And he hasss the sssword… - Cornwall finished lamely. - WHAT?! – Garrett turned bluntly to face the origin of those annoying voices – WEREN'T YOU TWO SUPPOSED TO KEEP HER SAFE?! The silence that followed his outburst had been more than enough for him. - Take me to her. – he had sentenced – C'mon, Ayden. As if sensing his rush, the silver winged falcon had went straight to the end of the forest. Now Garrett, instead of self-pitying, had now a defined purpose: he failed to Lionel once. Now, he wouldn't fail Kayleigh, the only other person to ever believe in him. He couldn't allow himself to fail this time. He knew exactly what to do. Even if that could cost his life. - Do you need anything else? - No, thank you. - Are you sure? Perhaps more pelts and cushions to make the wagon more comfortable… - Ruber… - And you should eat more now. You're as thin as a wool thread. I will speak a couple words with the women to make you warm soups or something… - Ruber… - And you better not make any efforts at all. I will make sure they do your chores for you… even if I still don't know why in the blazes you do chores at all being my wife… - Ruber! - Yes? - Would you stop that? – the annoyed young woman frowned, even if she was trying with all her might to refrain from smile - I'm pregnant, not invalid. The man, the big man Ruber was, gave her then a sheepish look. Sheepish! By all that was holy… when she thought he couldn't surprise her further… After what had transpired between them, Ruber had decided to postpone Camelot's invasion by a couple of hours. He wanted to, at least, rest a little after such a strenuous, physically and mentally, journey and the shocking discovering that he, after all, was going to be a father. He was so excited and giddy that he didn't want to ponder in deep what he would do after he'll slay Arthur. Now that he knew he wasn't sterile as he had thought all these years, he didn't want the Eternity at all. He knew the effects of the potion were irreversible, but… after all, that concoction was the Wayward Sisters' doing. They were powerful; they could very much prepare a cure without a problem, right? Right? He still could convince them. He will come out with something, that was for damn sure. He wasn't giving up yet. Not after learning of this. As he eyed his wife's middle section with awe, Lyonesse rolled up her eyes. - It's a belly, Ruber. – she said, trying to remain serious. Her husband's sudden juvenile behavior about the baby amused her very much. Who would have suspected this huge man would be so excited about someone still so tiny? – A flat, wool thread-like one. – another sheepish look. Was he actually ashamed for calling her indirectly \"scrawny\"? The man sure was lacking some important part of his brains today – I'm just at the beginning of my second month. The midwife said so last week when I went to see her, feeling truly dizzy and ill after vomiting my breakfast. - she smiled, recalling the incident. Their local midwife was also the shaman lady who provided them with herbs and remedies for colds and the like. Truly, the old woman was worth her own weight in gold – I went to her all worried that I could have caught some sort of illness and, instead, I found myself wrapping my mind around the idea that I was going to be a mommy in a matter of months. - in truth, she had been utterly shocked palpating her own belly again and again as if it could start growing any time soon. The hag had cackled in her face, finding very funny her reaction. Ruber raised his eyebrows. - You knew about this? – he asked – Before I went to that cursed forest? - I learned about it the same day you… - she trailed off, unsure how to put the matter without making it sound awful - … Well, the day we got to my aunt's house. - And when did you had the intention to tell me about it? - Honestly? That very night. – she sighed – But then Kayleigh escaped… and you went after her… and here we are: a week after and a sword for a hand. – she added reproachingly. The Red Knight had the decency to lower his eyes, the offending limb flat against the wooden floor of the wagon. - I'm gonna get out of this as soon as Arthur lies dead, I swear. Lyonesse's gaze went absent. - You're still thinking about that, do you? – she asked, leaning against of a pile of cushions Ruber had insisted to put around her, closing her eyes – You're hopeless, stubborn as a mule. Can you not simply let him wither? After what he'd done to you, his punishment right now serves him well and, in addition, it is a slow death. Killing him right now would turn to be a merciful death. Have you not thought about that? The man frowned, still with his head low. - Please, don't go that way, Lyonesse… - But I'm right! – she exclaimed – And you know it! - Don't… - Let's retake the High Lands! – she pleaded, desperate to put some reason in that hard skull of his – Arthur wouldn't give a copper if you snatch what is legitimately yours from his grasp. He's a dead man right now! Let him be! Ruber sighed. And his was a long, deep sigh. - I… - he said, as if saying that were causing him some sort of pain - I can't, Lyonesse, I simply can't. Lyonesse's eyes held a sad visage. - You… cannot forgive and forget, can you? Ruber's sudden silence was all the answer she needed. - It's alright. – she said weakly – Fate is something one cannot escape so easily, as you've said dozens of times to me. – closing her eyes, she sighed – I'm… feeling tired, Ruber. I would like very much to rest now, if you don't mind. - Of course. – he agreed, weakly as well, as he accommodated the mother of his unborn child and put some warm covers over her. Then he got up slowly to go to prepare himself for the battle to come. But before he was outside the wagon, he heard her voice calling for him. - Yes? – he said as he knelt beside his wife once again, eager to please her in any other way after saying he wasn't able to let his hatred for Arthur go. Lyonesse opened an eye and looked at him. - Give me a kiss before leaving, you foolish man. – was all she said with a soft, warm smile. And he gladly complied. As they approached Camelot, Julianna's courage faltered. She had tried to hold an indifferent, detached façade in front of Ruber and his spellbound men. But as their steps brought the hidden monsters inside the wagons closer to their intended destination, she wasn't so sure anymore. Ruber, after his reunion with Lyonesse, was behaving strangely… civilized. He had even explained calmly the last details to Julianna and her daughter and how to proceed from now on forward, promising in a circumvented way that no harm would come to them as long as they cooperated. However, Kayleigh, true to her rebel spirit, had refused to help him until one of Ruber's men with blades for fingers had stepped in saying with a raspy, unnatural voice that, in the name of his Lord, he wouldn't allow anyone to get in the way of Ruber's plan… and if he had to resort to extreme measures to ensure his victory, he would assume the murder of a young lady. Ruber had said nothing to this and Julianna had been forced, under the threat of being deprived of her only child, to lead the chain of wagons to the very gates of Camelot. Given this, with Ruber fully concealed by his dark cloak by her right side mounting his monstrosity of a horse and the more monstrous man inside her wagon with the threat of his blades upon Kayleigh's throat, Julianna steeled herself. For her daughter, she would do anything… even betray the dream Camelot had represented for her… and her dead husband. Looking with void eyes at the void in front of him, he felt his consciousness swimming in the forgotten sea of a kingdom beyond mortal eyes. He felt that, somehow, he knew the name of that kingdom and he only had to pronounce it to reach its shores. But his lips were firmly sealed and his soul was so tired of being swimming in those gray, misty waters… so tired to stay afloat, so tired to fight for a lost cause… Guinevere… and Lancelot… Nobody knew how painful had been to actually acquiescence with the people's wish to see the unfaithful Queen burned. A woman who had betrayed her husband was as good as any witch, so the people had wanted her dead. Arthur had wanted to forgive her, to turn a blind eye for her betrayal… but the affair had been prompted anyway, and that had been thanks to many of his knights who actually had been suspecting about it for a while given Lancelot's absence and the grief this absence had brought to many of their hearts. One of them in particular, Sir Gawain, had publicly accused Guinevere of unfaithfulness. And nobody had dared to jump in the Queen's defense. Arthur, as a King, couldn't defend his wife's honor because he was meant to be the judge, not her Champion. And with Lancelot's absence, there was no Champion to stand against Gawain and his righteous demand. Then one boy, one peasant boy, had risen amidst the crowd claiming to be ready to confront Gawain's steel in the Queen's name. But a peasant wasn't meant to fight a knight, so Arthur had named him a knight on the spot. Perceval was his name. Now Sir Perceval by the Grace of the King and their Lord. But Perceval's intervention had been completely unnecessary as Lancelot had appeared in front of Gawain while he and Perceval were about to cross swords. The law established that God only guided the hand of the man in whose power resided truth and virtue, so the winner, instead of being aided by his own strength and skills, theoretically was a divine instrument through which the Lord acted with justice and fairness. With this premise and fueled by his own rage and frustration, Lancelot had defeated effortlessly Gawain and had made him to swallow his words… even if it had cost him being impaled by the other man's blade in his left side. But with his return and under Guinevere's ministrations as she tended to his wounds from the battle… the temptation had been too much. Arthur knew why Lancelot had sought solitude: to actually try to get rid of his burning desire for the Queen. And he had sworn to never return until that frustration had come to a definitive end. However, as he had put his eyes upon the fair Guinevere again… both of them had lost their will to resist and had ended having their passionate encounter in a near grove, between the foliage like the beasts. And Arthur had found them. Then the following chain of events that had gone after the betrayal had spiraled too fast, with so much resentment and many people who wanted the culprit hanged. As their society claimed that the first to blame was the woman, Guinevere had been sentenced. And Lancelot had been exiled. Arthur was even grateful that the former knight had found a way to bypass the soldiers and had rescued the remorseful, tearful Queen. For, even in his grief, Arthur had loved Guinevere with the same painful compunction and sorrow she had loved him in return; for their had been, and he would lament this over and over as the years passed, a star-crossed marriage: they had desired one another, they had grown to care for one another… but they had never opened their hearts to the other; Arthur with his obligations making him neglect his Queen as a woman, Guinevere feeling like a shadow in her husband's legend, unable to speak for herself as her education and decorum demanded from her, unable to stand a man that acted more like an anchor and a beacon of hope for his people rather than the loving, devoted husband she craved for. With the following years in solitude, Arthur had had enough time to reflect on this and the discovery of his blatant failure as a man and as a lover had left him… empty, almost soulless. It hadn't been just his pride, or even his heart, but the notion of another betrayal from inside his Court as a consequence of his neglectness what had almost finished him. And now, without news from the lost Excalibur and in his weakened state, the King feared the worst. Merlin stood by his side in utter silence, helping him when he wanted to eat. The old druid's abilities had prevented Arthur to lose an entire limb, and for that, he was grateful. However, as he had asked the wizard to work his magic in order to help to bring back Excalibur or, at least, to help to localize it, the old man had answered enigmatically that he should rely in the courage of his people. But Arthur had already lost his faith in his people long time ago. - Pardon me, my King. – one of the soldiers entered his chambers with the due respect etiquette demanded – Lady Julianna had paid us a surprise visit. Arthur was taken aback for a moment, clearly not expecting such news. Had something happened that had prompted the good widow to present herself at his gates without announcing it? Or maybe she, after ten years in silence, had decided to take up his invitation to Camelot? Maybe her daughter, Lionel's daughter, needed an arrangement. Living as isolated as they were probably had shortened her alternatives to find a suitable marriage to her noble status. And the girl was already perhaps a bit old than the standard maiden, which could prove to be another hinder to her marriage prospects. If that was the case, Arthur himself would find the most convenient and comfortable arrangement for the young lady. It was the least he can do after all, he owed them that much. So he nodded. - Very well. – he said – Tell her I'll receive her at the Round Table, if that's agreeable to her. He preferred to deal with this out of earshot. He had enough curious noses around him sticking themselves where they were unsolicited. He didn't want Lady Julianna and her daughter to be the main source of gossip in the Court during her stay. So, allowing his bones to move a little as he rose from his seat, Arthur nodded at Merlin wordlessly as he went downstairs through a dark passage, unable to hold a torch as he used his good hand to support himself with the banister. After a few minutes, he found his way to the Round Table chamber. - Julianna? – he asked with a sober tone, still maintaining some regal dignity even in his wounded state. As he approached the half-lighted chamber, he noticed a figure surrounded by darkness seated at the table. But what took his immediate attention was the actual seat the figure had taken. The chair of the betrayer. - What…? – then he realized that the said figure was too big, too broad-shouldered to be Julianna – What manner of treachery is this? Then, slowly, the figure stood up as the bluish thread of light from the high windows gave out its face. A face he wouldn't have wanted ever to see again. - Ruber… - the King growled, his eyes narrowing and his survival instinct kicking with force giving him the red light. - Pleased to see me? – the said man asked while a sardonic half smile decorated his angular features. As he realized the other man was wearing armor under that black cloak of his, Arthur took one of the several spears resting against the walls as decoration. The laughter from the gigantic red haired man boomed across the structure, its thick, sturdy wall preventing any sound from outside to disturb its inner occupants… as well nobody outside the chamber would hear anything if the King chose to call for the guards. It was a mousetrap. - A spear… - Ruber started, amused at the pitiful sight of the once proud Arthur Pendragon aged, weakened and wounded wielding an ornamental weapon that wasn't meant for fighting – How Stone-Aged! – he mocked as he approached the King with deliberated slowness – A true King would hold a more noble weapon. – then, with a move of the fingers of his left hand over the cloak's clasp, the black fabric pooled at his feet revealing something that froze the blood in Arthur's veins – A true King would hold… Excalibur. As she desperately fought her way amidst so much chaos and destruction after escaping from Ruber's men clutches, Kayleigh weighted her options: the main gate to the castle was out of the equation as it was closely guarded and, thus, blocked by one of Ruber's men as he himself was quite enough in his spellbound state to contain the wave of soldiers that were trying to fight their way to their vulnerable King as the betrayer had managed to get into the castle before his men had sealed every door. Now there was this wooden scaffold, precarious to no end, which also leaded towards the East Tower, the place where Arthur was supposed to be right now. Gulping soundly, Kayleigh took a deep breath and decided to put all the meat in the oven as she climbed to the precarious platform, trying not to look down. A violent gust of air followed by an uncanny brute force informed her of her imminent fall if she didn't move quickly. So she did. Jumping with a rush of adrenaline pumping through her veins, she barely managed to get to a stable side of the destroyed tower as the bulky frame of Ruber's pet, the griffin, shattered the wooden scaffold to splinters. That, plus the two brutes that came from both of her sides, prompted her to retreat until she felt no floor under her feet. As she lost her balance and fell, she felt two rough, warm hands supporting her weight. And she couldn't believe what her eyes were telling her. - Garrett! – she exclaimed as the blind hermit, atop of a two-headed flying dragon, emerged from the mist that had been surrounding Camelot since the siege started. He had come back! As both stepped in firm ground, the two-headed creature Kayleigh immediately recognized as Devon and Cornwall breathed fire to their foes, successfully driving them away. Still feeling his arms around her, Kayleigh forgot what little proper manners she would have harbored and allowed her own arms to encircle Garrett's frame. - You're back! – she exclaimed happily as she plunged her face in the crook of his neck. If her mother could now see her, she would be so upset about such an improper, unladylike behavior… Garrett's soft laugh vibrated through his throat, doing funny things with her now flushed cheek. - Thinking about borrowing all the glory by yourself, milady? – he joked, an occurrence truly rare in him – I don't think so. Inhaling his scent, Kayleigh forgot about all the etiquette rules she had broken through this week, this long week of her life, and allowed herself to indulge a little bit in the pleasant sensation being close to him was bringing to her while her eyes observed in the distance the draconic twins, her allies and friends, who hadn't run away leaving her alone to face Ruber and his madness, but actually they had gone to retrieve Garrett. Their now shared goal had allowed them to fly, to breathe fire. Truly, this journey, if sometimes harrowing, had proven to be immensely positive for each one of them. - We need to get to the King! – she exclaimed as the reality around them hit her again in the face at the smell of fire and the cries around – He's in the Round Table chamber and Ruber has him trapped inside! But Garrett seemed so calm... - Follow me. – he said as he took her hand as if they were back in the forest, were their clasped hands had been a silent channel of communication and understanding between them – I know a way nobody does. Shattering the ornamental spear to pieces with a single blow as Arthur was propelled over the table like a dummy, Ruber walked nonchalantly towards his target, enjoying every second of his suffering. - So many memories in this room… - the Red Knight said as he used one of the chairs as a step to be in the same ground as the impotent King – Makes me wanna puke. – he hissed as the mechanisms embedded in his unnatural arm turned their gears to adjust the weapon at the position he wanted it – You said every man at this table was equal… but you forgot to mention that only the meek shall inherit the E arth . – as he observed Arthur's surprised look, Ruber's venomous eyes narrowed – Yes, I am not ignorant of your Christian ways and what you, as King, would expect from your people. You did really absorb that whole shit, didn't you? The meek ! – he boomed, his voice a terrifying, powerful echo thundering in Arthur's ears – Did you really expected me to start acting soft and compliant as a lamb, like many of those poor fools your knights are, while you robbed me of what was legitimately mine ?! - Excalibur's blade sank mere inches from the King's throat, carving a hole in the wooden surface – Even worse, you lied ! We weren't equals, weren't we? We were servants whose opinion mattered little and whose status would only last if we bent our knees before you and your unfair, capricious decisions! That's not egalitarianism! You're not different from your cursed father or all the tyrants who came before and after him! Another blow and Excalibur's blade had but cut his cheek. Arthur knew this was meant to be a game, and he was being forced to play that game dodging every half-hearted attempt Ruber made to strike him. This was only a mere warm-up for the highlander. - Such virtues as fairness, justice and honesty aren't meant for your hypocritical, selfish bloodline, Pendragon. – Ruber spat – Your very existence is a proof of that: your father, Uther Pendragon, desired what cannot be his and he resorted to lies and deceit to get what his ambition wanted. Struggling for getting out of Excalibur's reach with all the pain this process was causing on his injured arm, Arthur gave Ruber a disgusted look. - And thou art the one preaching about fairness and justice? – he retorted angrily – Thou, since the very beginning, stood only for thine own selfish motives like a spoiled child and, as thou were deprived of part of thee toys, had a tantrum where thou managed to kill one of the best men I had the honor to know. - At least I'm honest about my flaws and my humanity. – Ruber replied – I do not hide behind a legend and a false moral code whose utopic ways are bound to crush under reality's boot. This sword… - he added as he held Excalibur in front of him - … is nothing but a war tool, just like me. Its power is meant for destruction, not for unification. It only serves to the hand that wields it. - Thou art wrong! – Arthur protested – Excalibur is a symbol, a banner of what can be achieved through collaboration to reach a common goal! - Don't make me laugh, Pendragon. Maybe you've sold that cheap talk to all these fools, but not to me. Never. - Thou art one twisted, embittered, sad man, Ruber. At that statement, Ruber's human hand grabbed Arthur by his shirt and gave him an undecipherable look. - And who I have to thank for that, I wonder? – he hissed, his voice dangerously low – Did you have your fun, huh? Your moment of glory? – his face went closer to Arthur's – Did you enjoy killing my mother ? Did you enjoy killing my sister , you bastard? The King's eyes went wide. Now he understood. The witch… the madwoman with the spear… they had been Ruber's family. Witnessing his reaction, Ruber bared his teeth like some dire wolf. Just like eighteen years ago when they had met for the first time. - That's right, you wretched coward. – the redhead growled – Two innocent women trying to defend their home against a bunch of brutes who delivered them the final blow. So much for a King and his bootlicking knights . - That… wasn't personal. – Arthur said carefully - We didn't know who they were. - Oh, really? Too bad then, because I have something very personal against you breathing the same air as I. – Ruber retorted while an insane grin spreaded along his face – You have your words and I have something sweeter: REVENGE! – he cried as his mad laugh echoed through the chamber. However, even in his wounded state, Arthur took surreptitiously a dagger he always carried on his person hidden in his boot and stabbed his aggressor right in the throat. After a surprised gasp, Ruber eyed first the hand that wielded the treacherous dagger, then the frozen expression Arthur wore at that very moment. Warm, dark blood spreaded downright the redhead's neck to collide with his crimson breastplate. Arthur's hand soon became drenched in the warm liquid but, despite how much blood was seeping from the fresh wound, Ruber still breathed as if was nothing. Because that wound would have likely, under normal circumstances, killed him. - Well, well… - the bigger man said with a cold smile as his nostrils and mouth oozed blood, coloring his sharp teeth in the process – What do we have here? A little opportunistic bitch! – then, taking Arthur's head with a single hand, he slammed it repeatedly against the wooden surface under them – Do you like my little trick, mmm? – after getting satisfied as he saw blood tinting the King's hair, he let him go – That's the catch immortality has: nobody can kill you. Coughing and seeing double, Arthur maintained a dignified gesture. - Maybe… I may not survive, but thou… will never destroy… the ideals of Camelot… Ruber's smile full of blood-stained teeth faltered. His right eye twitched uncomfortably a few times. - Well… - he hissed, taking the offending dagger from his throat in a single swing, his blood pearling the air momentarily like raindrops of a brief, yet strong downpour – I've got to start somewhere, don't you think? – grabbing him by his shirt again, Ruber lifted effortlessly Arthur's weight with a single hand, this time prepared to deliver the killing blow – Behold your new King! - Thou… art… no… King… Ruber's right eye twitched again. - Fair enough. After all… - he proclaimed - … I'M MORE OF A GOD! But before Excalibur's blade sank into Arthur's flesh, a sudden, too familiar voice boomed through the structure. - HEY, RUBER! The girl. The pestering girl whose intervention had caused so much trouble and too many delays in his original plan. Lifting his gaze, Ruber's expression changed drastically to one of mixed up wrath and outrage. There she was. How in the blazes had she managed to reach the Round Table chamber?! - I will not serve a false King! – the said girl snarled. Just like him. Just like her father ten years ago. Unable to cope with the sudden torrent of images crowding inside his brain, Ruber reacted slower than he usually would as the girl approached him at high speed atop of one of the many wooden beams used in the reparations of the roof of the East Tower attached to a rope that, with the impulse, served as a pendulum. The sudden, painful impact against his stomach, even embedded in armor, took out all the air from Ruber's lungs as he vaguely felt being hurled backwards against the glass panels of one of the windows. Amidst a rain of glass' splinters, both man and girl flied momentarily in the air to painfully land on the outside courtyard, hitting many body parts against the steps' edges of a short stairway. With the both of them seeing double and moaning in pain, Kayleigh was the first one to open her eyes as she tried pitifully to crept away from the Red Knight's reach while he laboriously got himself up sinking Excalibur's pointy blade on the stone ground, plunging a hole as he did so. Because she had seen his eyes… and the death promise they harbored right now. Feeling a knee sore and bleeding from the fall, Kayleigh forced her body to move towards the courtyard as the also sore Ruber came slowly but surely towards her. - You! – he screamed, completely out of his mind, his sight red as blood as he had gone completely berserk, not knowing anything about his surroundings but the fueling murdering goal to tear the thrice-damned wench to pieces, limb by limb – Always in the way, just like your father ten years ago! The first blow had gone directly to decapitate her, but Kayleigh still had enough reflexes to dodge that and the blade had left a horizontal mark on the surface of one of the many menhirs in the courtyard drawing a circle around a… That's it! Unaware of the girl's intentions and where she was leading him, Ruber neared her with the same deliberate slowness he had used previously with Arthur. Right now he didn't care about this person being Lyonesse's cousin, but rather an annoying obstacle in the way. An obstacle he couldn't allow himself to permit to even exist. - Since you're dying to be like… him ! – the Red Knight cried, delivering another blow that, this time, went to the ground – Let's see if I can lend you a hand ! A little closer… closer… But on that very moment happened three things: one being Ruber raising his sword to deliver the killing blow, second were Garrett going swiftly by his left flank to hit him in the head with his cane, thus breaking it in the process. And third… Ruber backhanding the young man until he had him at his mercy along Kayleigh. The young couple embraced each other as if protecting themselves from the incoming death. - Two… for the price of one! – Ruber exclaimed madly as he raised his unnatural limb again, calculating how to impaling both of their stomachs in a single blow – The blind man and Lionel's spawn! This must be my lucky day! However, after a low command whispered by Kayleigh, she and Garrett dodged successfully Ruber's assault as he encased the blade in the stone he, in the middle of his fury, had not seen at all. The steel pierced the stone as if made of butter until it reached a dead point were the blade didn't advance further and its wielder could not disengage it. With his eyes wide open, Ruber let escape a denial cry. - The Stone… - he murmured, feeling a sudden, cold sweat drenching his back until an electric wave from the very tip of the sword started to spread along his body. White hot pain numbed his senses as the combined magic of Excalibur and the legendary Stone worked their searing paths through the unnatural marriage of flesh and steel of his arm. As a blinding light expanded around the mist from outside, touching each inhabitant of Camelot, Ruber felt how the twisted bones and muscles of his arm lost consistence around Excalibur's hilt as they, together with the rest of his body, begun to dissolve in thin air like dust. In those final moments, as he observed how he was vanishing like he had never existed, he found himself thinking about his wife and their unborn child. He would never be able to see his kid grow. He would never hear him or her call him \"father\"… he would never be able to hold their tiny hand. He would never have the opportunity to love his kid. He had lost it, forever. Just as he had lost his family once, his pride and recklessness had guided him to this point. The point of no return. A befitting denouement for a life marked by battles, hatred… and a deep sadness he, till now, didn't suspect he felt. Now he wished he had been a better son, a better brother, a better husband… a better father. With these thoughts, his mind finally collapsed and he laughed. He laughed because he had not more tears to spill for his black star. His fate was something, he now knew it, he had sealed in blood long time ago. So, as his entire being disintegrated in the light, he closed his eyes and his madness, his denial, his sadness, his dreams and the love he never gave died with him. Outside the Promised Land, the fabled Kingdom of Camelot, a group of wagons left behind to ensure the safety of its occupants until the situation would be conveniently controlled… suddenly trembled as the expansive wave of light reached even them. As the blinding whiteness encased them, a single figure clad in black emerged from one of the biggest wagons and planted face against the light, unafraid of becoming blind. The long black hair of the said figure rippled with the violent gust of wind until the white glow slowly subsided. Many minutes after the explosion as the colors fit again in their retinas, many women and children emerged from the rest of the wagons as well, first looking in awe the strange phenomenon they had witnessed, then to the still, lone figure clad in black directing its gaze towards the horizon. - Milady! – one of the older women exclaimed as she saw blood leaking from one of the nostrils of the serene, yet inhuman visage of the pale woman with raven hair flowing in the wind. As the blood reached her lips, she did not react towards the cries and hands that were preventing her to fall to the ground. A sudden gush of grief stabbed her insides and a lullaby of silence and numbness closed her eyes. And one important part of herself died that day. Meanwhile, not far away from the camp, a hunched, wounded dark figure spied from high with its green, venomous eyes as the mate of its Master lost in a wave everything she had hold dear until now. The griffin, on the other hand, was quite content that its service under the orders of a human Master had reached its due end. So it spreaded out its black wings as the winds of change guided it towards new destinations with new challenges to take. After all, its lifespan could endure several human generations and its pride could match any King's, being the said monarch alive… or dead. They always died before it. Always. Author's Note: I've edited and added quite a lot in this chapter, so we have a more personal look into King Arthur's feelings on plenty of matters as well as his relationship with his Queen, which wasn't so distant as I've depicted it before. Hope you all like it! ^^[Chapter 7] \"Highlander\" Chap. 07: Us . There she is. Sir Brunor's daughter. The lost Black Lyonesse. He had been right from the start about everything. Rumor said the highlander, the traitor who killed Sir Lionel ten years ago, had kept her prisoner all these years. Camelot's Court was nothing but a viper's nest full of malicious gossip. Poor girl. All her youth wasted by that barbarian's side. Barely a couple of weeks she had endured this and she was starting to feel like burning the entire place to the ground. That or throw herself from the nearest balcony. Now she's an old maiden. She wasn't old ! A maiden? Are you sure? After all… eight years are time enough to become many other things… They were repulsive. Their society was repulsive. You don't say… Oh, but yes, dear. I do pity her, truly. To think what she probably endured under that monster's paw… That wasn't what happened! And he wasn't a monster! She would be better at a nunnery right now, for not sane gentleman would want to marry her, defiled as she is. They could shove their marriage proposals up their… She's still beautiful. I'm sure an honorable man would gladly restore her honor. How about Sir Kay? He's old for sure, but his wife died a couple of years ago. Maybe if… Beautiful… was beauty all that mattered in a woman? Not her intelligence, not her bravery, not her spirit. To them, a woman was just a possession. Not a thinking, feeling entity. But there's still Sir Gaheris, her old betrothed. He hasn't married yet… Just… stop. Oh, the ashes of young love rekindled! It would be perfect if he, despite her situation, would acquiesce to marry her. That would prove his great love for her. That's so romantic! Indeed. Enough! Lyonesse felt the sudden urge to vomit as bitter bile climbed up her throat. Old? Defiled? Beautiful? In love? Who they thought they were, making such judgments upon her, her situation and her character? They even didn't know her! They were speaking about social decorum around the \"maiden\" issue instead of asking her about how she felt! Because the truth was that… she felt utterly miserable. Her growing depression, hidden behind a detached mask of indifference, was eating her from inside each day she spent at Camelot's Court under Arthur's wing. They had not wasted time in dub both her cousin Kayleigh and her companion, a blind young man by the name of Garrett, \"Lady Kayleigh\" and \"Sir Garrett\" respectively. All because of how they both had led her husband to his grave. They had been knighted with all the honors despite the initial complaints about having a woman seated at the Round Table. The first woman in History to face equality with powerful men. All because of her husband's defeat that had led him to his death. Then they had celebrated. They still were, as the betrothal of Lady Kayleigh and Sir Garrett had happened in barely seven days after their investment… probably to put the new knight-lady in a safe place as a knight's wife to hold her from her theoretical duties as being one of the chosen at the Round Table. Lyonesse still had fresh in her memory the brief conversation her and her cousin had exchanged about that particular regard. - \"Lyonesse! I didn't hear you coming.\" – Kayleigh's voice had been guarded, as well as the expression her face harbored. - \"I'll put this as plainly as possible so not unnecessary pleasantries gets in the way: I've heard that you are going to marry.\" Lyonesse's tone had been cold, sizing her cousin with a hard, calculating expression as she had spoken. - \"You've… heard well.\" – that had been Kayleigh's answer, taken aback from the iciness she had immediately detected not only in Lyonesse's tone, but her eyes. Those dark pools, black as the night, which had harbored something close to malice and quiet anger. Because she, suddenly, with her pale visage and reptilian gaze, had frightfully resembled Ruber. - \"With a man you've only known, what? Less than a month?\" - \"Garrett has a good heart and he had proved me brave and worthy enough.\" – Kayleigh had defended her decision firmly, as if she knew she had been regarded with a magnifying glass – \"Besides, I love him.\" - \"Oh? Do you, really?\" – Lyonesse was not so convinced as her eyes, unbeknownst to her, had held a strange green glow – \"Before jumping to hasty conclusions, ask yourself this first: do you know him? Do you truly know the man you will be spending the rest of your life 'till death do you both part?\" - \"I… I do. I think.\" - \"You think?\" - \"I mean… he saved me first, he helped me through the perils of the forest and, finally, he came back to aid not only me, but the King.\" - \"Have you not thought about the convenience of this marriage for him?\" - \"Wh… what do you mean?\" - \"I mean that he's blind, he's poor and he was alone living as a fugitive in the middle of the most ancient place in this land so nobody could reach him even if they tried.\" – Lyonesse knew she had touched a sore spot, so she had pressed further – \"What could be more beneficial for a man who, like him, had nothing to lose risking his life? To wed a young noblewoman is an easy way to securing his recent earned title, don't you agree?\" - \"H… he's not like that…\" - \"Did he say he loves you even once?\" - \"N… no, but…\" - \"Then there you have your answer.\" She was well aware that she had been pretty unfair misleading her cousin about the new, blooming feeling between the young couple. But poisoning a little bit their seemingly perfect relationship with the shadow of doubt was nothing in comparison of what they had done to her. Now a rumor had reached her ears about Lady Kayleigh having second thoughts about her betrothal and Lyonesse was fine with that. They deserved that much. After all, they had earned their titles only because Ruber was dead. Suddenly, the whisper of a dress' hem sweeping the floor before her awakened her from her pensive state. - Lyonesse? – lifting her gaze, her eyes met her aunt's ones – Are you feeling alright, dearie? No, she wasn't feeling alright. In fact, she felt awful. - I'm a bit nauseous, auntie. – she answered with a feigned serenity she didn't feel in the least – But besides that, I'm fine, thank you. But her aunt, her perceptive aunt, wasn't so convinced. Despite the tranquil mask her niece wore, she still could see the immense void bleeding from her black eyes. - Walk with me, would you? – the older woman said quickly as she grabbed Lyonesse's arm with a strength that was surprising in a woman so thin as Julianna was – A little bit of fresh air will do you some good. Sighing heavily, Lyonesse allowed to be dragged from her seat as both women made a peaceful, but steady walk towards one of the many balconies shrouded in shadow, out of reach from the noisy celebrations inside the castle. So, once out of earshot, Julianna sat beside her niece in one of the many benches made of stone the structure offered. - What is wrong, dearie? – Julianna begun as she searched her niece's eyes – You barely talk, you barely eat… What is happening to you? You do not seem like the Lyonesse I have recovered barely a month ago. Since you set foot on Camelot, you look sad and ill. After a while in silence, Lyonesse thought that, why not, if there was a time for opening up with a living soul, that time was now with this woman who she had always regarded as a mother. A mother who didn't know yet how twisted and blackened her young branch had become. - I am ill, auntie. – she deadpanned. Julianna regarded her carefully. - Is because of the baby? – she asked, noticing immediately the subtle pang of momentary surprise that tinted the young woman's visage – You should not worry, dear. The queasiness will subside after some time. It is your body adapting to the new life growing inside of it. Lyonesse sighed again. - The baby right now… is the only joy I have. – she said after a pause – But this… place… is nothing like the Camelot I dreamed long ago when I was a child… - then her voice lowered – Nothing like the shining castle with men in shining armor I saw briefly when I was thirteen. She often remembered how quickly her memories at that age had dismissed entirely the dirt and the people who had been, by standard canons, old, poor or even ungraceful when her father had taken her to Camelot for the first and last time in his life. That had been when Gaheris had laid his eyes upon her even if she was, by any means, still a child. At the age of thirteen she had had eyes only for the beautiful ladies clothed in silk and rich velvet or the dashing knights embedded in shining armor with Arthur's symbol, a red dragon, chiseled in their crests. And Gaheris had been the most gallant of all. She remembered him being, along with Sir Lancelot, the most dashing young man she had ever met, and she remembered Arthur Pendragon as a powerful yet gentle King whose eyes had been clear blue sky colored and whose voice had been full of authority yet soothing. Everything her father, Sir Brunor, had had woven in her imagination since she was a toddler. Because at that age… she was all eyes for physical beauty and she vaguely remembered a brief glimpse of long red hair pertaining to a huge man whose visage had been so different from the handsome, brave men she was so used to that her memories had dismissed him entirely. Until now. And she hated how her previous self had unconsciously ignored the existence of a man she had regarded as monstrous and ungraceful. Just like everybody else. Was beauty all that mattered in their world? Were those the values they taught to their children to size a person's worth? - Age tends to change perspective often, Lyonesse. – Julianna said with a kind voice as her hands went to the younger woman's hair and, giving her the turnaround, started to plait it – I know Camelot it is far from perfect, but… it is a dream worth keeping. Suddenly, Lyonesse's eyes opened wide. A dream… you said that they were living in a dream they, one of these days, would have to wake up from as their utopia would crumble before their eyes like a house of cards… He had been right. She had woken up from that dream already. And the reality was uglier than she had ever imagined. - A dream cannot stand perfect with such an imperfect humanity. – she said aloud, her aunt's hands suddenly froze behind her – A dream is meant to be corrupted with such rotten minds to dream it… then, eventually, it will turn into a nightmare. - Lyonesse…? - I've heard what they're saying about me. – the young woman stated as she turned around again to face her suddenly pale aunt – They're just deciding who I should marry barely a month since my husband died. They even chose to utterly ignore that I was married at all! - Lyonesse, dear, they are just speculating, nothing more. – Julianna's tone was meant to appease what right now couldn't be appeased – In regard of your marriage… the King deemed more convenient to spread that story because… - \"Convenient\" you say? – Lyonesse's voice had started to sound venomous as she got up, regarding Julianna from above while her dark silhouette was against the full moon – For me? Or for them ? Unbeknownst to her, her eyes had adopted a greenish light circling her pupils so, from Julianna's perspective, she looked like some wild nocturnal predator. - You… you do not have to pay attention to their gossip, Lyonesse! – Julianna pleaded, silently terrified of what her eyes were seeing. Because she knew what that meant, and it scared her greatly – Come with me! Live with us! – she exclaimed – Give your child a healthy, familiar environment! You do not have to marry any other man again! You do not have to give up your dignity to have a stable, prosperous life! The greenish light in Lyonesse's eyes spreaded out by her circulatory system as every vein around her eyes and lips turned out glowing green. - You… you think I gave up my dignity by marrying him , do you? – she said, her voice trembling, her eyes filled with bitter tears she wouldn't allow herself to spill – You think some sick, twisted trauma had rendered me deranged for allowing the man who took me away eight years ago to touch me, do you? You think I'm insane for loving the man who gave me the chance to become someone instead of being the decorative wife of some coward, isn't that right? That hadn't been Julianna's intentions regarding what she had said, and she tried to reach her niece, both with her words and her hands. - I did not mean th… But it was too late. Lyonesse's hand hit Julianna's pleading ones as the unnatural glow spreaded further down her neck and collarbone. - No, I don't want your pity. – she snarled as she were some wounded, feral animal – Nor I want this King, this… Arthur Pendragon's protection. – she spat contemptibly as her voice changed – And for everything all of you had done to me… I'll see you burn! And with those words, she run, leaving a terrified, heartbroken Julianna whose tears, for the first time since Lionel's death, spilled freely down her cheeks. Because she knew she had lost her girl, her first little girl, forever. As she stepped outside the imposing structure of the castle, Lyonesse found herself in a place she had been avoiding since she had set foot on Camelot: the Stone's courtyard. She hadn't been prepared to face the source of Ruber's doom, to defy its ancient, powerful magic. But that night Lyonesse felt no fear, for hatred had engulfed any other feeling she had been harboring… or rather repressing until now. Approaching with firm steps to the infamous stone, elegant patterns that completed a rune carved in its surface glowed a bluish light as her fingertips, glowing green as they were, went forwards to touch its surface. Then, before her skin grazed the rock, a phenomenon she hadn't had the chance to witness previously displayed out before her eyes. A will o' the wisp. Her hand froze in midair as Lyonesse watched the cold, bluish fire dancing slowly in front of her, its tiny blazes stretching in her direction, as if they wanted to touch her. Allowing contact between her glowing fingers and the cold fire, in the very instant the physical and spiritual essences joined, an ethereal image took form in front of her briefly. As her eyes took in the features she noticed amidst the transparent, bluish essence, those tears she had promised she would never allow to spill again went downwards her cold, glowing cheeks. It was him . Somehow, his essence hadn't dissipated until he was allowed to see her again for one last time. His face harbored neither pain, nor hatred but a strange mixture between peace and sadness as he took in her visage. Both of their hands, physical and non-physical, met briefly until his spiritual form slowly dissolved in thin air. That had been his farewell. Feeling her strength faltering, Lyonesse's knees sank in the ground as the greenish glow that had been consuming her retreated to her tearful eyes. And she cried. She cried for all this time she had been repressing her feelings and her great misery just to never allow a living soul see her in such a vulnerable state. She cried because she had nothing and she was nothing . Right now, she had reverted to her previous self from seven years ago, not knowing what the future would hold for her and who she was anymore. She felt alone. But alone she wasn't, for one dark figure emerged from the gloom around her. - Lyonesse, is that you? That voice… pertaining to someone she had been avoiding since his presence had made itself known in Camelot a week after the battle to join the festivities. Gaheris. Forcing herself to stand up as soon as she heard his voice, she composed herself quickly as her trembling hands dried up her tears clumsily. - What are you doing here? It is late and it is dark and cold out here… Make him disappear, make him disappear! But, despite her inner protests, he was now beside her, offering his cloak like any good gentleman would do. - You really should not be here outside, freezing out to death, Lyonesse. – he said, his always handsome, boyish face now matured into a stunning man – Perhaps you are not feeling well? Allow me to escort you to your chambers. Before she can object, his cloak was now wrapping her as his hand went to her shoulders. But something about his body language wasn't quite right. She could tell. - It has been a long time, Lyonesse. – he was saying, blue eyes and curly mahogany hair shining under the pale moonlight – I had forgotten how enchanting you are. There were those compliments again . About beauty , not about the person she was. Nonetheless, it was but highly expected coming from Gaheris. He barely knew her. He had never known her at all. - Enchanting enough to even stun a soul so black like of that animal the highlander was, I'm sure. – he added suddenly, his voice holding something akin to a dark resent Lyonesse didn't want to unveil. So, as she tried to make a quick escape, her arm was painfully grabbed – I… I have heard the rumors and I cannot think a feasible way to discredit them, after all eight years are far too many years, is it not right? - Gaheris, let me go. - You were not supposed to belong to anybody… and him the least! – he exclaimed, suddenly possessed by something Lyonesse discerned very well even in the dark: madness. - Let me go, now ! – the young woman screamed, trying in vain to get rid of his iron grip. - You would be better far away… dedicating your life to God to expiate your sins. – his grip around her arm became too strong, too painful – Not here… tempting me as Guinevere did with Lancelot. Lyonesse felt sick at hearing such amount of nonsense. She? Being like Guinevere? This man was completely mad! As her free hand went to his fingers, her nails sank viciously into his flesh. - I've said… - she began, dangerously low - … LET ME GO! As she had screamed those words, a sudden inner force awakened inside of her that propelled her captor backwards into the mud as it started raining. Wide-eyed, the so called \"knight\" crawled backwards like the insect he now was before her. - You… you are a witch… - he muttered, shocked – You should be burned at the stake for this, your soul has been tainted… You are the Devil's concubine… However, before she could answer, another voice did it for her. - Her blood has awakened. – out of the dark, surrounded by an unnatural mist, the figure of the old druid Merlin emerged – I've been fearing this since she came to Camelot the first time, twelve years ago. – he explained as he approached the pair, staff in hand - Her father, Sir Brunor \"The Black\", sought my aid because he suspected his daughter had the \"gift\", but didn't want to expose her publicly as he well knew what would be the outcome. Lyonesse eyed him warily with her glowing eyes, ready to defend herself if this old magician wanted to destroy her. - However, the \"gift\" can be properly channeled with the appropriate teachings. – Merlin added, looking at the woman with a tranquil, wizened gaze – Your inner power is strong, so stronger is the pulling for you to allow it to flow ungoverned. But that can be addressed, if you want. - You… you're offering to teach me? – Lyonesse asked with distorted voice, incredulous – You're offering me to… be like you? - Not quite. – Merlin shook his head – I am offering you a chance to govern upon your inner monster. A chance to not become what regular people fear and hunt down. \"Don't listen to him, child.\" – a strange, disembodied voice cut the air as a knife cuts through butter – \"He is so afraid of another one becoming his equal… or even his best, that he would do anything to prevent that from happen.\" A greenish glow emerged from the ground as a more unnatural mist than Merlin's doing emerged from the earth itself, taking the shape of three figures. Three old women. Dressed in strange attires as her untamed manes of white hair flowed without present wind and adorned with a strange choice of symbolic jewelry, those women, strangely beautiful despite their advanced age, held the same glowing green gaze Lyonesse had in that very moment. - Return to the dark where you belong! – Merlin exclaimed as his eyes held a bluish glow as well, wielding his wooden staff in front of him – This land rejects you! The living rejects you! The dead rejects you! You harbor no power here! But the three women laughed at him, their laughs, incredibly melodic for such old ladies, echoed in the misty courtyard. - Ah, I recognize you, Merlin, son of an incubus. But you yourself already know that, once upon a time, this land was ours! – one of them exclaimed – Ours and Mother Nature's. But with this new God, our old Lords are falling into oblivion. - Men's nature is fickle, always directing their pleas to the stronger wind, like vanes. – said another as she put her glowing eyes upon Lyonesse's ones – And they always destroy what they fear. - Come with us, child. - the third cooed, extending her elegant, pale as the dead, hand – While he offers repression, we offer release. - We will teach you things he would never dare to even mention. - You will be safe with us. You… and your child. Ignoring completely Gaheris' shocked look, Lyonesse's hands went to her belly protectively. - Don't listen to them! – Merlin exclaimed, still wielding his staff in front of him as his old fingers traced blind patterns around the wood that served as a barrier against the vile beings he was fighting right now – Their help always come with a price! A price too high for what they offer in exchange! - But isn't already a too high price to pay trying to be something you are not anymore? – the first woman spoke again – Hadn't you suffered enough scrutiny? - Think about what kind of life your child will have amongst those who despised and killed their father! - warned the second. - We always watch over our children. – assured the third, her hand still extended towards Lyonesse – Learn our ways and become one with the Nature, the old gods! Come with us! - Don't listen to them! Lyonesse's gaze went from the disturbed Merlin to the tranquil women before her. Maybe with them… not only she will find a home, but means to ensure seeing Camelot burned to the ground. Merlin, on the other hand, offered the same empty existence she had before knowing Ruber. So she made a decision. Approaching the old ladies, Lyonesse took the hand the third had extended towards her as their laughs threw Merlin backwards, the old druid still not in his best shape as a full Mooncycle hadn't passed yet since his intervention to save Arthur's life. Placing the young woman amongst them, the three sisters bestowed their hands upon her. - Aaah, yes… - said the one who still held her hand with delight – This one will be powerful, I can tell. - Her spirit is stronger than most . – added the second – A fine addition to our coven, indeed. Taking the young woman's face between her corpse-like hands, the first one spoke to her looking directly into her eyes. - Now child, you must leave your identity behind to forge a new one. – she said – With a new identity comes a new name. – her glowing eyes narrowed – Normally is our prerogative to bestow names upon our children… but this time, we will give you the precious gift of choice. – she released Lyonesse's face – Choose your name wisely, child. For there will be no going back from this point. Lyonesse thought about many names she had heard all these years and very few had truly pleased her most than her own. For Lyonesse meant \"little lion\", an animal whose strength and courage was legendary. However… - The name of my husband's deceased mother was Morgause, and I understand, from what he told me about her, that she was one of us. – she said, knowing now which name would appeal her more than \"little lion\" – So, from today on forward, my name will be… Morgan. \"She, who lives by the sea\" was a more appropriate name for a witch than \"little lion\", for she wasn't little anymore and she had proved her bravery enough. - So be it, Morgan, our child. – the one who had been holding her hand released it – Now, the gates of Avalon would open for you even if many still are pleading at their doorstep to be admitted. Let us be transported far away from this bitter land. And, with an explosion of light, the three women along with the once called \"Black Lyonesse\" in her father's honor disappeared in thin air, leaving a trail of dead flowers' scent. That day, Merlin went on a deep slumber he would not awake from in an entire year to recover from the poisonous influence of the Wayward Sisters of the legends who had, once more, triumphed over him as they did in the past. And from that day on forward, Gaheris' hair went totally white and his face began to prematurely shrivel. Because from that day on forward… the kingdom knew a new Era of darkness. Guinevere lied in her bed waiting for the unavoidable. She had been feeling rather weak these last months and breathing had felt… a too great task to perform it as many times as her organism had required. Later had come the coughing… and, with coughing, came the blood. Pulmonary tuberculosis. It was a fairly common disease among peasant populace… and the low clergy. Almost ten years since her fatal decision had passed, and she had endured many long winters in her nun robes shivering both because of the cold… and the numerous fasts she did to herself in order to purge herself of her sins. And finally, the absence of warm and food mixed with the growing darkness that had been surrounded the land for the last six years, poisoning it and spreading illness among its inhabitants… finally those components had been the recipe of her demise. Coughing violently, a painful hit to her lungs for sure, Guinevere felt miserable when one of the nuns, the only one who had dared to keep her company in her darkest hour even with the threat of become ill as well, cleaned the blood from her lips wordlessly and returned to her chair by her side, holding a small wooden cross while she mumbled the Mysteries, one Mystery for each prayer bead between her fingers. Guinevere sighed and that mere action brought pain. Why God was punishing her so harshly? True she had sinned, and she had made sure to pay for it… but this… this was simply so cruel… Hadn't been enough to renounce to Lancelot and the happy life they could have lead together? Hadn't been enough to renounce to her own body, her hair, her youth, her beauty and her femininity? Hadn't been enough to renounce to have a second chance in her disgraced marital life that now this bitter God demanded a further prove of her repentance taking her life so slowly and painfully?! Arthur had never truly loved her. Or, at least, that had been the thorn her heart had never allowed to get rid of, bitter and poisonous as her memories returned to her often and distorted to torture her already tortured soul. For she remembered him with painful sorrow as he, in his pedestal of righteousness and light, had been always King before husband and that knowledge had embittered her and broken her heart more than once in the past. Even still today old, poor and forgotten, each time Guinevere evoked Arthur's image in her mind, she still felt her heart raw and wounded, like the deer bleeding from the hunter's arrow. However, she wasn't the fool everybody thought she was. She and Arthur had met each other during a siege in her father's castle. Arthur and his knights had come to the rescue of Sir Ogrfan and his family and the old knight, as a reward, had offered his daughter's hand to the King in the very moment he had witnessed how charmed had been Arthur just by beholding Guinevere's beauty. And she had been truly flattered by the King's interest towards her, feeling that, even if he was almost fifteen years older than her, she could ease the weight from his shoulders by keeping him company, hearing out his worries, sharing the load of ruling a kingdom… giving him a family and redirecting his attention to other things than just being King. In her innocence, she had thought that fulfilling dutifully her role as a model wife would bear her the fruits of a prosperous marriage with a caring, loving husband who would value her above all other things, just like the old tales proclaimed. But Arthur, even as besotted as he had been, had always treated her like she had been a child, never taking into consideration her opinion, her suggestions… and her feelings. As far as she remembered, he only treated her as a woman when he laid with her, devoid of that unreachable aloofness and that cursed crown upon his brow she, with the passing of years, had learn to hate so much. But never in public, never allowing the Court to see her how she really was and not the \"Queen Child\" had everybody whispered about. And, as the years had passed and no children came from their union, Arthur had begun to come less and less to her chambers, too centered in govern, too obsessed in maintain the union between the nobles… too focused even in the most disliked of his knights, the infamous highlander who had caused quite a scandal by killing one of Arthur's closest friends: Sir Lionel. Guinevere couldn't believe it when she had found herself alone, separated from the kingdom's responsibilities and affairs, uninformed about her husband's whereabouts and utterly ignored. And she had spilled many bitter tears knowing that Arthur preferred to play guerrilla with the highlander instead of being with her. It was always the same: first the kingdom, then her. First Arthur's people happiness, then hers. That's how Lancelot had gotten, slow but sure, in her heart. He was the only one who had treated her like a person, the one who always asked her opinion, the one who always offered himself to escort her, to assist her, to procure her what her heart craved… to grant her every wish. He was the knight in shining armor her silly fantasies from her childhood had always hoped in secret. And he, with broken heart and trembling voice, had declared his undying love for her even knowing that his feelings for his Queen were wrong, impossible and, perhaps, unrequited. But his ultramarine eyes had been filled with tears, his head down in shame and his knees sank in front of her, asking for her forgiveness, saying that he would understand if she will never want to look at his face again. His feelings had been pure. So, kneeling beside him, she had taken his tearful, beautiful face between her delicate hands and she had kissed him wordlessly. First, their kiss had been, if not chaste, very pure until a wave of burning desire had overwhelmed them and Lancelot had separated from her before they commit sin. So he had left Camelot and Guinevere had found herself more than one night remembering those lips, the sweetness and passion that had emanated from them, both in words and actions. And she had found herself longing for him, fatally lovestruck for the first time in her life. For she had respected and even professed a great affection for Arthur… but she had never truly loved him as a man. Perhaps she had loved him as a King, perhaps she had loved him as a person, even as a husband… but never as a man. His aloofness and his paternal condescension had impeded that much. And then, the sadness among the rest of the knights because of this, particularly Gawain's sadness… and Guinevere already suspected why… had put her in a compromised situation… a situation that had escalated to the very accusation of unfaithfulness. And Arthur had done nothing in her behalf, telling her that he, as King, was meant to be the judge, not the Champion she needed to defend her honor. And not a single man had raised his sword in her aid. A peasant boy, dear Perceval, had been the only one brave enough to confront Gawain's wrath in her name. But Lancelot had arrived in the last minute, his blue eyes hard as steel, his righteous wrath granting him the victory… but not before Gawain managed to plunge a few holes into his flesh. So Guinevere, grateful, had taken care of his wounds. And in the very moment the wounded man had locked his eyes with the hopeful, yet terrified Queen… that had been the beginning of their love… and their doom. She still loved him despite all these last years in the cold shadows… oh, how she still loved him with all her might…! \"I see you had suffered greatly.\" – a soft, disembodied voice reached her ears as if she were in a dream… so lulling… so gentle… – \"Nobody should endure the pain of losing the other half of your soul.\" Suddenly, the room was filled with a dense fog and the nun who had been taking care of her fell asleep, the little wooden cross slide between her fingers until it fell to the floor, silently shattering to splinters in the process. A hooded silhouette outlined itself amongst the fog until the moribund Guinevere distinguished the long, pale fingers of a woman reaching for her own hand. The woman's visage was half-hidden behind the hood of the black cloak she wore, but Guinevere already knew who this visitor was. - Fear me not, Guinevere, daughter of Ogrfan Gawr. – said the woman, still her soft tone present in her almost eerie voice – For I came here in peace. – and retiring the hood from her head, Guinevere beheld the most beautiful, yet frightening woman she had even seen, her dark eyes surrounded by a bright green glow – I came here… to grant you the gift of rest. - Morgan Le Fay… - the former Queen said, her voice weak while her eyes held a strange serenity – You came here to bring me death? – then she smiled weakly – I beg you, give me peace… and my spirit would be grateful for all the Eternity. The eerie, beautiful woman cupped her face with her elegant hand; her fingers, toes and chin gracefully tattooed with arcane scripts that glowed more softly than her powerful eyes. - Eternity is a time too long, even for me, Guinevere. – she said, her soft fingers caressing the prematurely aged face of the other woman – But I want to grant you the opportunity to go to your Heaven… looking in the face of a true angel. - and retiring her dark cloak a little more, she exposed the tiny shape of a child not older than five with curly bright red hair and soft baby green eyes – Guinevere, this is my only and beloved child. Guinevere looked marveled at the cute little kid beside her as her eyes were filled with tears. - I… I always wanted to bear a child as lovely as this one… - she mumbled while her trembling hand reached to the infant – How beautiful you are… what it is your name? Then the child, taking softly her hand and approaching to the moribund woman's ear, whispered something. Guinevere smiled sweetly. - What a pretty name you have… - she said weakly, her voice but a whisper among silence – So pretty… And then, her whole spirit, along with her hand's strength between the infant's ones, left the room. - Come, sweetie. – the eerie, although suddenly sad woman said after closing the former Queen's eyes – There's nothing more we can do here. - Is the ill lady now happy, mommy? – said the kid with a tiny, innocent voice, while taking the woman's hand. - Yes, darling. – she nodded, looking once more at her child, noticing the familiar features of someone she lost years ago woven in their face – She now definitely is. Getting out of that building dedicated to a God their very cores despised with all their might, walking through the dense fog between two worlds, the mortal one and the magical one, sadly disappearing with each passing year, mother and child stopped in their tracks as a bulky, winged figure with two heads blocked their way. - Child of darknesss, black fairy who visssitsss our dreamsss… we meet at lassst… - spoke one of the scaly heads, hissing with fear and respect as the glowing eyes of the lady squint themselves. - Kayleigh's bicephalous dragon. – the woman said with a cold edge in her voice – What is it a creature like you would want from me? - Our kin isss disssappearing. – replied the other head, this one more slender than the other – With our now full-grown body we are powerful… but we are alssso alone. And our brethren disssownsss usss for the betrayal we participated in sssix yearsss ago… They won't allow usss to return to the Forbidden Foressst. - Serves you right. – she replied coldly – May all the decisions you made six years ago will weight over your wings for all the hundreds of years of solitude you have in front of you! - Pleassse, Dark One! – the slender head implored – We beg you! Guide usss to Avalon! - We will do anything! - We don't want to ssspend the Eternity alone in company of each other'sss! The little hand of the child by her side squeezed hers gently. - Cannot we take them with us, mommy? – the kid asked innocently – They seem nice… But the sudden sadness in the woman's glowing eyes said everything in the matter. - Never trust a lizard, my child. – she said as she eyed the said dragon with contempt again – For they have the cold enough blood to give their backs to their friends and beg to their enemies for scraps when they feel trapped. Dragons are a deceiving ilk, never to be trusted… - and she added venomously - … And never to be forgiven. Hissing in pain as the invisible arcane wall the woman constructed around her and her child, the bicephalous dragon recoiled miserably into the fog again while mother and child departed in silence, never looking back, disappearing in the middle of the darkness the land had submitted itself. A darkness… born from a deep hatred as well as a deeper sadness. Author's note: well, I simply cannot let Lyonesse's thoughts on the matter unsaid... plus I really wanted to show a very dark side of her, so here you have the result. You can take it as how you please most. My story, as you can tell, is not about good or bad characters, but human people with virtues and flaws. Now, to the Epilogue, yay! :D [Added, 02/18/2018: Thank you so much to LitheBunnyQ for their kind review! It was due to your comment that I was inspired to add this (although is sad as Hell, but whatever...). I've put a lot of energy and effort into this story, so knowing someone appreciates it is the better reward I can ask ^^ GRACIAS! I know that I've treated Guinevere unfairly, so I feel she deserved a chance to explain herself, so here it is ].[Chapter 8] \"Highlander\" Epilogue: You. Lucius never remembered a more somber time than his teens. True that he also remembered, although very vaguely, been a child raised among a dying Order of the Round Table where both of his parents belonged as knights as far as his memory reached… and where they were, along with Sir Galahad, Sir Perceval and Sir Bors the Younger (most of all sons of elder knights of the Round Table as well) the only remaining younger ones… alive. Many years the Order had sought to heal their ill King Arthur and, thus, healing their land as well with no avail. For the legend of the Holy Grail, the goblet in which Christ drank wine in the Last Supper surrounded by his Twelve Apostles, had been, to this day, an impossible goal to reach. What is the secret of the Grail? Who does it serve? Many valiant men had perished seeking these answers, and Lucius dreaded the day when word will reach Camelot bringing news about the deaths of Galahad, Perceval and Bors the Younger. For that would mean that his parents would be next in the chain to follow their steps in search of the elusive divine goblet. - Ah, Lucius, there you are. And if things weren't bad enough, with the moribund state in which Arthur was submerged, recently a greater illness had poisoned Britain eating the land from its very core like a vicious parasite: Mordred's army. - Come here, son. – soon, his mother's hands reached his face and caressed his gaunt cheeks – Let me see you. Raising slowly his eyes, the same amberish brown eyes he shared with his mother and, as he had been told since he was a little boy, his grandfather as well, Lucius sight met his mother's visage. With the passing years, much of the freshness of Lady Kayleigh's beauty had clearly diminished… but her impetuous spirit had prevailed despite the circumstances. Not only Lucius loved his mother as a caring son would, but he admired her greatly. Not for nothing she had been the first woman to sit at the Round Table as an equal to the rest of men who compounded the Order. - You're so pale… - Lady Kayleigh murmured absently, watching carefully her son's face: thinner and gaunter than a sixteen-year-old lad should look, with high cheekbones taken after his father's; severe dark eye bags and a long mane of straight hair so blonde that it almost looked white. The young man was the perfect image of a ghost, like the same ill land he had been raised in. - I'm fine, mother. – he answered softly, giving her a weak smile as if trying to soothe out her many worries – It's just the winter. My skin hadn't seen the sun in a while, that's all. - It has been winter in Camelot for too long, I'm afraid. – she said, mirroring the same weak smile plastered in her son's lips – I wish news from the other knights would reach the Court… even bad ones. – she added thoughtfully – For that would mean that, at least, they tried to make things better for all of us… But this… this nothingness… - she sighed – This uncertainty of not knowing if they died or they abandoned us to join forces with Mordred… Lucius repressed a loud sigh. What his mother said was a sad truth these days; because with Arthur in such a weakened state the wanna-be-usurper, Mordred, a lone swordsman who had come out of thin air demanding King Arthur's head, had lured many former loyal knights to his side. And that was why he had won all the battles so far; because he was younger, stronger and, above all, bolder than the old King. He posed a threat so great that many had joined him because they both needed and feared him. Rumor said that, despite many arrows and blades had reached him, nothing could pierce his enchanted black armor, thus, making him invulnerable… unbeaten. - Have faith, mother. – he said, putting his hands over her shoulders, a head taller than her, a thousand times more coward and undeserving than any of her comrades… because Lucius, having seen so much darkness and misery since his childhood, had no faith nor courage to hold on, but to feign it. If the great and brave Lady Kayleigh, his mother, lose faith, he would have nothing to stand for – Have faith in the knights, for they will return one day bringing brighter news for all of us. They're still searching. Just… give them more time. - More time than the two decades in whose they have been pursuing uncertain rumors about this Holy Grail? – she asked skeptically – Believe me, son, when I say that my mother, your grandmother Julianna, told me these same words years ago when Excalibur was stolen… and the knights did nothing to prevent Ruber's invasion. – then she clenched her teeth – This Mordred is just another Ruber but, this time, without Excalibur and with an enchanted armor in exchange. Men of this kind of ilk are all the same, and they take advantage not only from the people's fear, but their inaction. Ah, the same old Lady Kayleigh… never a moment of doubt, never showing a sign of defeat. Lucius admired and feared her for that. Because if he hadn't known better… he would put a hand on the flame to bet that she wanted to take the reins of the situation and start to search this Holy Grail by herself. And his father, Sir Garrett, would undoubtedly follow her steps, even if these same steps ended up taking them directly to the very Gates of Hell. And where that would leave him? Alone. Alone beside a moribund King, waiting their impending doom. And Lucius was truly afraid to be alone. Because he was such a coward… - Lady Kayleigh! – suddenly, a voice from one of the castle servants, reached the ears of both mother and son – Lady Kayleigh! – and then the said servant, a young boy of barely thirteen, burst into the room like a waterspout – Milady! – he exclaimed, agitated – He's back! He's back! - Hold on, boy. And catch your breath. – she said, raising a hand – What are you talking about? Who's back? But the boy could barely contain his emotion. - Sir Perceval! – he exclaimed – Sir Perceval has returned! And he brought the Holy Grail with him, milady! Exchanging an astonished look with her son, Lady Kaileigh took a step forward. - Is that true?! – she herself barely contained her emotion upon hearing the news – Take us to the King! Quickly! And so, the boy did. Then, when Lucius and his mother reached the Throne's Room where Arthur had been sitting, unable to lay down in his bed and, thus, unable to rest nor to die, irreparably languishing… they, along the few remain knights of their Order, too old to support their duty towards the kingdom, saw an aged, half naked and starved Sir Perceval walking barefoot towards the throne, kneeling before a half unconscious Arthur and offering the precious goblet to his lips. - You and the land are one. – he said – Drink. - I am wasting away. – Arthur muttered, his voice cracked, his spirit darker than a starless night – I cannot die… I cannot live… - Drink from the chalice. – said Perceval again, strangely lucid and firm for a man who clearly had suffered so much – And you will reborn, and the land with you. – then he took gently his King's head to help him to drink, and so the old man complied. After a moment when everybody was holding their breaths, Arthur's eyes opened and, for the first time in years, they were limpid, showing the bright blue they had when he was but a young man. He looked directly at the waiting Perceval. The once peasant boy had grown into an honorable, very tired man. - Perceval. – he spoke, his voice powerful and crystal clear once again – I ignored the void in my spirit… until I have filled it. – so he slowly but surely rose from his throne, leaving behind all the blankets and pelts that had been warming his cold carcass. - My Lord! – Lady Kayleigh exclaimed, being the first one to kneel before her King, followed promptly by any living soul inside that very chamber. Arthur approached her and put a hand over her forehead. - Many dark days I have passed sitting in this room, mourning in my self-pitying… - and then, he smiled briefly – But those days could have been darker… if not by thy constant loyal presence by my side, Lady Kayleigh. The woman said nothing but she took her King's hand and kissed it. Lucius could not believe there were actually tears in her eyes. It made her look like… a mere frail human being and not the brave mother he had been so used to through his entire life. Arthur nodded wordlessly and then he addressed the rest of the knights. - Prepare thyselves for battle. – he ordered – The knights will ride with their King at the front. I have lived enough through others. Lancelot took my honor away… and Guinevere my guilt. Ruber took my pride with him… and then, this Mordred wants to take my kingdom from me! – he exclaimed – My knights fought by my cause and perished because of my indolence. Now, I will be the King ye all deserve. And with those words, he along his remaining loyal knights, the brave Lady Kayleigh, the blind Sir Garrett, the haggard Perceval and even the coward Lucius, rode along the land to meet their fate. And, as the King passed, the flowers bloomed and the fields regained their old greenery. The time had come. Guiding his small nomadic congregation of faithful Christian followers through the harsh forests that were still untouched by the blessing of the King reborn, an aged, thinner, disfigured and dirty Lancelot of the Lake made a quick halt to rest their worn, tired feet. He needed a moment to collect his thoughts. Word had not reached yet his ears telling the miraculous recovery of Arthur, so he still flagellated himself from time to time in order to punish himself and to clean his soul. After the incident who had led both him and Guinevere to disgrace, the former Queen had told him that she wished to mend her undoing by leading a life of chastity serving God. With all his pitiful expectations about a future together shattered, the former knight had vowed to lead a life under the service of God as well to purge his sins. So, at the very moment he raised the whip to mortify his already mortified flesh, a sudden noise followed by several cries, distracted him from his sacred punishment. Several riders were pursuing a lone horseman who Lancelot soon recognized to be the old Uryens, a still loyal knight of the Round Table despite how the Order had been diminished all these years. But a single man among the riders quickly surpassed Uryens' frenetic cavalcade. A man embedded in a frightening, although polished, set of armor black as the void itself. That very man interjected his and his monstrous horse's bodies between Uryens and freedom, trapping the man between him and his men. Lancelot hid behind a tree, knowing he had not the means nor the body prepared for a fight, and so he prayed for Uryens' soul. He couldn't do more for him given the circumstances. - Deny your King, swore loyalty to me… and I will be merciful. – the black knight said with a metallic hoarse voice which sounded like everything but human. - Never! – Uryens shouted, his brow soaked with blood from a previous blow – I will not serve a false King like you! A sudden silence filled the air between them. - As you wish. – the metallic voice said once more before landing a fatal blow to the wounded knight. The man then fell to the mud and, in a pitiful display of bravery raised his head and spat in the ground before the black knight. But the creature embedded in dark metal descended gracefully from his horse… if a monstrous black animal with red eyes and a snout full of sharp teeth can be called a \"horse\"… and knelt in front of the dying Uryens. - You had fought valiantly today, old former King Uryens, the one shamed by the grace of Excalibur. – the metallic voice whispered – And for that, I will grant you the gift of knowledge. For a dead man should know the face of his killer. Sight had been failing Lancelot for the last years as he grew older so, at the distance, he could not distinguish the face of the black knight when he removed his closed helmet. But what he saw clear as the water was an unruly mane of long curly bright hair, red as fresh blood. - Y… you… - Uryens choked – Those… those eyes… And then, he finally collapsed. When the black knight rose again, his eyes went through the hidden Lancelot as if he could see him before he took his helmet again, picked up his long hair and put the armor piece over his head again. Then he hopped over his monstrous mount and disappeared in the muddy wilderness followed by his men. For a longer time to come until the very day of his death, Lancelot would never forget that encounter. Long red banners with a serpentine Dragon interwoven in their fabric waved as the North wind blew out ferociously, bringing humidity and cold from the near lake whose waters were being, slowly but surely, tinted in crimson. For the crimson of blood was wherever sight reached. And the putrid smell of death served as accompaniment of the black banners which showed the ominous sign of the Wolf, waving with their torn edges synchronized with the red ones. Red and black, blood and void, King and usurper. Everything clouded with a dense fog that had ultimately been an advantage that Arthur and his men had used in their benefit against Mordred's larger army. But the fight, since its very beginning, was lost. The ferocious battle in Camlann had been extenuating for both sides, lasting an entire journey since the first ray of sun. Arthur had fought valiantly along with his knights, making the best of their inferior numbers and the advantage the fog provided them… but many had fallen and he had found himself alone wandering aimlessly, as in a dream, fatigued, slightly crazed and calling his disappeared friend, Merlin, to aid him. But Merlin had succumbed many years ago to the charms of a beautiful, devious Nimue, a young enchantress maiden who had achieved to lure the old wizard to his own perdition, now trapped in the entrails of the Forbidden Forest, the last haven for magic beings as himself. Truly, an ironic fate for the one who had felt himself entitled to judge Arthur and his infatuation over a woman younger than him who had proven to be his undoing in the end. Zigzagging between more and more corpses of the fallen, the old King reached the lakeside and found himself looking pensive at the calm waters while Excalibur in his right hand vibrated slightly, the mystic emanations from the water attracting the magic residing in its blade. He didn't know how much time had passed, unsure if it had been hours or mere minutes looking at the crystalline reflect in the lake… when a dark figure had emerged from the fog armed with a spear. Its torn cape waved slightly as the sharp points of armored boots had stopped mere meters away from the King. - Are you Arthur Pendragon? – a metallic voice from the depths of the black helmet emerged in a whisper. The King turned to face the obscure silhouette. - Thou must be Mordred. – he said simply, observing his adversary's frame with critical eye – Do thee know what is this? – he said, rising his sword between them. - Yes. – the black knight said – That's Excalibur, the magic sword that granted you the rights of your kingdom and the victory in many battles. - And do thee know what its blade is capable of? – Arthur inquired again. - I do. – the black knight answered – I do and, for that sole reason, I think such a powerful artifact shouldn't be in yours or anybody's hands. - Oh? – Arthur asked, his curiosity picked – And whose hands do thee think this sword should be? Thine? - No. – the black knight deadpanned before attacking him. The fight lasted very little when Arthur lashed out against Mordred and tried to pierce the dark armor with Excalibur. For a moment, the magic energies woven in the two artifacts had sizzled one against the other, no clear winner in their clash, until Mordred's spear had found a gap between the junctures of Arthur's armor pieces and its pointed end had impaled the tender flesh behind the chainmail. Astonished, denial clearly painted in the blue of his eyes, Arthur fell on his knees gripping the spear's handle, feeling his warm blood soak every inch within his armor. Excalibur loose from his grip. Eyeing the fallen sword, then the impassible polished surface of his enemy's helmet, Arthur felt all strength abandoning him as he fell in the wet, cool sands on the lakeside. Releasing the grip in the spear's handle, the black knight observed from above how the King slowly perished by blood loss. Then, with astonishing cold blood, gathered Excalibur from the ground. - Thou said nobody… should have… Excalibur. – Arthur accused, trembling as his body went colder and colder – Not even… thou. - And I meant it . – the other said coldly – But before we dwell in such a fussy and unimportant detail… I feel I owe you an explanation, Pendragon. - An… explanation? – Arthur repeated incredulously. - An explanation for all this. – the black knight continued – For all this death and misery. - Thou wanted… my kingdom. – the King said – What other reason… would thou have to… start a war like this…? - Revenge. – the other said before raising the dark armored hands to grip the closed helmet and taking it out with deliberate slowness. At first, Arthur didn't understand, but as the face behind the metallic mask came out at sight, his memories woven a known visage. - Thou… - he stammered – But that is impossible… he is dead. However, as his eyes stopped in to be guided themselves by memories and the reality slowly settled in his brain, tracing the features before him more carefully, he understood. - No… no, my eyes deceive me… - he shook his head, blinking several times – Thou art not him… thou art not even a man thyself… For the face before him, crowned by a voluminous mass of long curly red hair, was the face of a woman. Not even a woman yet, but a girl. And she had his eyes. His same venomous, reptilian green eyes. - I am Medraut, daughter of Black Lyonesse or, as I'm sure you've known her lately as Morgan Le Fay, and the Red Knight Ruber of the High Lands. – the said girl spoke, her voice more clear and feminine as the barrier of the helmet had gone out – The father whose love you deprived me of even before I was born. Speechless for a moment, Arthur coughed and a thin trail of blood pearled his lips and chin. - Thy father… wanted to take my crown for himself. – he finally said. - I am well aware of it. – she answered coldly – As I am well aware that, after his betrayal, you and your men, in your zeal to make him pay for his undoings, slaughtered in cold blood two defenseless women: his mother and sister. His family. – she emphasized – My family. - Defenseless? – Arthur repeated – Morgause, thy grandmother… was anything but defenseless. - But you killed my father's sister. – Medraut stated – An ill woman who only wanted to defend her home from invaders. - Ruber killed one of my most… trusted knights and tried to kill me! – Arthur argued, suddenly needing to explain himself before this girl, this angry child who wanted justice in the name of a family she never had known. - Because you disposed of him after using him as your war tool. – she replied nonchalantly, colder than before – My mother told me everything: you isolated him and his people, my people, in the North; waiting patiently as time and the cold killed their souls along with the Old Ways and the old gods. - I gave him… a place among us! – the King exclaimed, coughing more blood as he spoke – I even helped him… to retake his lands! - You put sweet honey in a starved man's lips and then, you retired that same honey to give him stale bread instead. – she said – You calmed his hunger, yes, but you also showed him better and deprived him of that. There's no mercy in letting a man live by half means. – she added, raising slightly Excalibur in her hand – Now, I'm taking this instrument of sorcery and putting it in good hands. - Thine… highlander ? – the dying King spat venomously. A sudden silence followed those same words. - No. – was the simple answer he received before she turned and walked away with the weapon in her hand glimmering in the red twilight – Farewell… Arthur Pendragon. I'm glad you lasted this long… so I was able to dispose of you as you, in a way, did with my father. - I permitted… thou… and thy mother… to… live… - And that was just one of the many mistakes you have made throughout your reign, King Arthur: to show pity after indolence. May your spirit rest peacefully in death, for it never rested in life. Then, with those words, she disappeared in the distance like an apparition. And so, Arthur Pendragon, last of his bloodline, died quietly as the cold silvery waters of the lake mixed their splendor with his dark blood, dreaming his last dream beyond reality's waters, in a land surrounded by fog and arcane energies. The very land he, in his illness, had kept dreaming with all those years between life and death. And so, his spirit traveled its last journey towards the hidden, mystical Avalon. With him, an Era died to make space for a brand new one. And his name became legend. Having witnessed mutely the strange exchange, as he approached his dead King and reverently closed his eyes, Lucius followed the fluttering mass of bright red hair cascading over the black armor pauldrons like a mantle. He hadn't found none of his parents, dead or alive, at the end of the battle and he had been searching the corpses for hours with no avail. He was now alone, just as he had feared. And why? Because someone decided they had to kill another someone. Why he and his parents had been involved in all of this? Why…? The black figure had stopped somewhere in the diameter of the lakeside, quietly observing the sun submerging in the far horizon. - You! – Lucius exclaimed, pointing a finger towards the red haired girl with the sword in her hand – What are you planning to do with that?! He was now emboldened, empowered. Because he had nothing to lose. Clearly taken off guard by the young man, the girl inhaled once, not even looking at him. - Returning it where it belongs. – she said, raising the sword for a moment and, taking impulse, suddenly throwing it far away to the lake. But before Lucius could scream or stop her, the blade traced a perfect arc in midair before falling straight by the hilt at the waters. Then he couldn't believe his eyes when a dainty hand covered in silver silk grabbed the sword by the hilt and, after a few seconds, submerged it, locking away from the prying eyes of the world the power of a great sword from another time, pertaining to a dead Era. - Why did you do that? – asked Lucius, disconcerted. - Because it was the right thing to do. – Medraut answered, facing him briefly, her long mane around her features giving her a siren-like quality – Before Uther Pendragon, that sword belonged to the Lady of the Lake and so, it is for the best that it rests in her hands than in any greedy mortal ones. And then, Lucius had found himself thinking for the first time that he couldn't help but noticing that she was beautiful in her own way. Beautiful and strangely sad, so sad. - Why renounce to Excalibur? – he inquired once more after a while in silence – With the sword and that armor, you could have had the world at your feet. - I don't want the world at my feet, nor I want the throne. - But you killed Arthur… - I wanted his head, not the crown over it. - But people followed you in the belief of… - People get bored easily of peace, so they make excuses for themselves to spill some blood. That's the human nature, independently of the gods they worship. Sad but true. So much bitter wisdom for such a young lady. Lucius didn't know what to make of her now. Another silence followed. - Then, now what? – the young man dared to speak after a while. - Now I am returning this armor to its legitimate owners. – Medraut explained – The Wayward Sisters bestowed its blessing upon me, but only if I returned it to them as soon as I had my revenge complete. And I wouldn't dare for my life to defy their wishes. Lucius looked at her suddenly… scared. His cowardice slowly returning to him. - The Three Witches of the legends? – he asked, afraid to even invoke their names – You made a pact with those… those… - The means are unimportant, but the ending. – Medraut said coldly, turning and starting to walk away, tired of the present conversation. Startled, Lucius ran after her, not even knowing why. He had lost everything because of her after all... - Hey! – he cried – Where are you going?! Medraut stopped briefly. - Follow me, if you so desperately want to know. – she said, her helmet under her left arm, a tiny smile upon her lips – And who knows what the fate will decree for you and me? Because she knew that, perhaps, the young man would likely attempt to end her life as soon as she got rid of the armor… or maybe, and only maybe, both of them could finally find peace and redemption as regular people and not as tools in a war generations above them had started in their hatred for each other, and their descendants had but simply followed. Because nothing was more vile and resilient than old grudges. One way or the other, her father's memory now rested in peace and, if she really ended one day at the point of the young man's sword, her ancestors still smiled upon her. She wasn't afraid. And so, the coward followed the fearless into a new journey of discovering. Because they were still very young, because they were both alone. But that… is a different story. The End Author's note: well... this is definitely the end. I will freely admit that I've been watching 1981's \"Excalibur\" and that movie had been actually my main source in regard of my story's development. First I was going to totally make Mordred a guy in order to make him and Lucius (name of the actual blind hermit from \"The King's damosel\", BTW) engage in a fight where Lucius would be the winner ending Ruber's evil bloodline... until I realized that I didn't want to end Ruber's bloodline, but actually to redeem him by means of his son... but Mordred turned out to be too evil for my liking... so I rewrote this chapter and made him a girl who's not so bad, not so good. A \"Gray Area Character\" I'd say, totally embittered by the fact she grew without a father but not wanting to follow in his steps and knowing the sorcery's Era has already ended. She mostly does Perceval/Lancelot/Bedivere/Griflet's part being the one who throws Excalibur to the lake so that nobody could wield it again. Her and Lucius' fate is unknown. I know this turned out to be a bit violent and dark, but that's war for you. You will never find something pleasant about an armed conflict. Well, I hope I've managed to, at least, entertain you with my tale. Thanks for bearing with me and my ramblings. I'd love to hear your thoughts, so compliments, questions... complaints, death threats and the like... review, please ^^ Cheers! IMPORTANT: there's a Second Part of this story called \"The Legend of the Black Armor\". If you really want to know how Lucius and Medraut fared, search my profile or QfC fandom. Or if you feel that this story should have been ended to this point, just ignore this :) ","Summary":" \"Highlander\" Chap. 01: Him . Highlander. The first time he had been labeled by that term had been"},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"Te necesito","Author":"XxTheSakuraQueenxX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10539859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N/A: Carrie le pertenece al fantástico Stephen King. Bueno chicos este es mi primer fanfic, espero y les agrade. Sean suavecitos conmigo si? Acepto criticas constructivas y consejos pero por favor nada de grocerias, el respeto ante todo. Eeeeeen fin, disfruten XD Te Necesito. Tommy amaba a Sue Snell. Si definitivamente lo hacía, porque llevar a la chica que todo el colegio consideraba rara y con la que nunca había cruzado palabra, a la noche más especial de su vida simplemente por un pedido de ella, tenía que ser amor o al menos eso creía. Ahora no lo malentiendan, Tommy no tenía nada en contra de Carrie, no es como si pudiera ¡nunca ha hablado con ella!, pero llevar a la chica al baile de graduación no estaba en su lista de \"10 cosas que se moría por hacer\", aunque había que admitirlo…la chica le intrigaba. Quería saber que era lo que la gente detestaba tanto de ella, por Dios ¡Esa chica nunca decía nada! Siempre huyendo de todo y todos, siempre al final y siempre sola. Cuando le pregunto si quería ir al baile con él, estaba nervioso, joder, ni siquiera con Sue estaba tan nervioso; la primera vez que la invito a salir lo único que quería era llevarla a un rincón oscuro y hacer ese acto tan famoso entre un hombre y una mujer, pero por alguna razón esta chica lo ponía nervioso. Jodido sentido del humor tiene la vida, obviamente la chica se negó, y lo primero que pensó fue \"bien solo tengo que decirle a Sue, que lo intente pero ella no quiere ir y salgo de este embrollo\" y así lo hizo, pero muy en el fondo de su corazón el QUERIA ir con Carrie White, así que luego de recibir una reprimenda de la profesora Desjardin, y de que Sue le insistiera que lo volviera a intentar, fue a casa de Carrie. Ella le dijo que si…y por primera vez se dio cuenta de algo en lo que nunca se había fijado, Carrie White tenía los ojos azules, hermosos, grandes y brillantes ojos azules y cuando la vio sonreír se dio cuenta de que quería ver esa sonrisa más seguido. Y llego el día, el \"no tan esperado\" día. Ir a buscar a Carrie White, la rarita del colegio. Llego en la limosina rentada, que estaba destinada para él y Sue, pero que ahora era para él y Carrie, Dios; como es que termino metido en esto. La limosina llego a su destino, y Tommy quería salir corriendo a casa de su chica, hacerle el amor y olvidarse de todo; Al diablo la graduación, al diablo ser un caballero y al diablo los problemas con Carrie White. Lastimosamente Tommy tenía un fuerte sentido del deber y la moral y no sería un cobarde ni siquiera por la chica rara del colegio. Toco la puerta, al mismo tiempo que escucho un pequeño grito y un golpe, luego de unos segundos, música; joder en que mierda te metiste Tommy Ross. Luego la puerta se abrió y él se esperaba de todo menos lo que vio. Carrie White, la rarita Carrie , la tímida y antisocial Carrie, tan hermosa y radiante que creía que se le iban a salir los ojos de orbita, por lo angelical que se veía; sencilla, con un traje rosa y el su cabello rubio oscuro hermoso y brillante junto con un maquillaje simple que incrementaba lo linda que era. Solo una palabra cruzaba la mente de Tommy en ese momento…Hermosa… -como me veo? Le escucho decir a la chica, con esa hermosa y suave voz. -Te ves hermosa… Y Tommy nunca había sido más honesto en su vida. Llegaron al baile, Carrie estaba obviamente asustada y nerviosa, pero luego de usar su habilidad para el habla Tommy la convenció, bajaron de la limo y entraron al lugar donde muchas cosas cambiarían. Entre al baile con Carrie de mi brazo y aun los nervios estaban latentes en mi, mierda, porque me siento así con ella, nunca había sentido esto, me siento como un niño huérfano al que le encontraron un hogar y no cualquier hogar sino al que pertenezco…y el que me PERTENECE. Salude a Dawson y a su novia y se los presente a Carrie; la novia de Dawson se adelanto con Carrie mientras que yo iba detrás y no pude evitar escuchar que Carrie había hecho el vestido rosa que llevaba puesto, ¡Joder! Con ese talento podía ser diseñadora o algo, jamás hubiera imaginado que ella hiciera ese vestido, quien diría que la rarita Carrie tendría tanto talento. Sonreí para mí mismo, pensaba que era yo el que la hacía un favor a Carrie hoy, pero era todo lo contrario ella me estaba enseñando a mí que hay más que lo que los ojos pueden ver. No podía evitar mirarla cuando ella no miraba, era hermosa y note como miraba a los demás bailar… -quieres bailar? Ella me mira con eso ojos grandes azules y brillosos, para luego mirar a la pista con una mirada entre anhelo y tristeza y lo entendí…ella quería bailar, pero no sabía bailar. No quería que se sintiera incomoda, así que decidí hacer algo al respecto. -O podemos esperar una canción más lenta-Le di una sonrisa de medio lado tratando de parecer gracioso. Ella me miro con una sonrisa y dijo: Si… Mencione que me encanta su sonrisa? Bien me encanta su sonrisa, es preciosa y lo mejor es que es genuina muy diferente a la de Sue…Sue me olvide por completo de ella, toda mi energía estaba en Carrie desde que la vi. En ese momento viene la profesora Desjardin, mirando a Carrie con una sonrisa entre felicidad y orgullo, no la culpo MI cita estaba deslumbrante. Me levante y hice una broma de mal gusto, bueno no podía ser perfecto saben? Me fui a buscar algo para tomar y le mande un mensaje a Sue diciendo lo genial que se veía Carrie y por ÚLTIMO que la extrañaba. Era raro, yo decía amar a Sue, pero mi mente, cuerpo y energía estaban con Carrie. Regrese junto a ella y le entregue la bebida, con una sola idea en mente, llevarla conmigo después del baile a una fiesta, quería pasar más tiempo con ella; ella me dijo que estaba bien si quería ir para estar con mis amigos, no quería a mis amigos la quería a ELLA conmigo. Antes que le respondiera empezó la canción de Dust to Dust y sonreí… -Es una canción lenta- le susurre cerca… -No Tommy- me contesto asustada, a mí se me hizo adorable. -sí, si-la tome de la mano y la levante mientras que me decía que no sabía bailar… -Tranquila, no es difícil…solo tomas mi mano así; yo pongo mi mano sobre tu cadera y tú la tuya en mi hombro y no balanceamos…ves? Lo haces bien, aprendes rápido-le sonreí me encanto tenerla así. Poco a poco se fue relajando, y yo me sentía tan bien que en ese momento no quise dejarla ir nunca más, de hecho, no quería verla herida, NUNCA MAS. Ella alzo la mirada y no pude evitar compararla con Sue; Carrie tenía ojos azules llenos de inocencia, los de Sue no eran inocentes ni siquiera antes de acostarse conmigo, el cabello de Carrie era rubio miel, el de Sue rubio claro y con rayitos, Carrie era simple, genuina; Sue tenía que estar siempre a la moda, para Carrie que yo estuviera aquí era suficiente, para Sue era el estar conmigo y con sus amigos y todo tenía que ser perfecto. Y me di cuenta de algo Sue era amiga de Chris por que las dos tenían más de una cosa en común. Ese pensamiento no hizo más que incomodarme. De repente la vocecita dulce de Carrie me saco de mis pensamientos. -Tommy porque estoy aquí? Le sonrío y contesto –porque yo te invite. -sí pero porque yo? -porque creo que la pasaríamos bien…yo me la estoy pasando muy bien contigo… -En serio? -si…y espero que tú te la estés pasando bien conmigo… -si…-me contesta con una sonrisa de felicidad en su rostro. -así que… que te parece si me acompañas a la fiesta y lo seguimos pasando bien y te devuelvo a las diez treinta. Qué te parece? -ok…mejor a las once… Le sonrío con ganas –Lo que tú quieras… Ella me sonríe –A las once. Seguimos bailando y yo pongo ambas manos en su cintura y la pego mas a mí, y no dejo de mirar sus labios y en ese momento mande todo al diablo, necesitaba besarla, abrazarla, mimarla, LA NECESITABA, me fui acercando a sus labios y ella se aparto de mi… -Lo siento... –me disculpe. –No debí hacerlo. -Lo siento… -se disculpo ella. –No hago nada bien. Eso me sorprendió era yo el que estaba haciendo mal, era yo el que estaba a punto de besar a una chica que no es mi novia y ella se echaba la culpa de eso. -No, tú haces todo bien… \"es por eso que deseo tanto besarte\" –pensé. Ella me miro, Dios esa mirada tan inocente…es como si me desnudara el alma, amaba esa mirada. Ella se pego a mí y puso sus manos en mi cuello, mientras que mis manos fueron directo a su cintura, su rostro se acerco al mío, y yo al suyo, su aliento me pegaba en el rostro y me sentí morir y vivir de nuevo cuando sus labios tocaron los míos…Un beso…eso es todo lo que necesite para saber y entender que no me quería separar jamás de Carrie. Fue un beso de segundos más o menos, pero eso fue todo para hacerme sonreír con una felicidad inmensa, nunca me sentí así con Sue, ni siquiera con besos intensos y profundos como el que nos dábamos. La canción termino y me fui a sentar junto con Carrie nunca soltándole la mano, a los minutos nos entregaron la papeleta para votar por los reyes de la graduación. -Tommy, nuestros nombres están aquí… -No quieres que estén? –le pregunte, con una sonrisa traviesa en mi rostro. -Para ganar? –me pregunto con su voz llena de nervios y dudas. -por que no? Digo, solo tendríamos que subir ahí mover los cetros mientras que cantan el himno del colegio y todos verían lo estúpidos que nos vemos. –le dije con una sonrisa burlona en mi rostro, pero en el fondo deseaba que ganáramos, digo porque no hacer que su noche sea mejor. Vi como ella miraba las coronas en las sillas del rey y la reina con anhelo y deseo, por un momento envidie esas coronas, me estoy volviendo un imbécil. -Son hermosos. –susurro ella, pero no lo suficiente para yo no escucharlo. -Tú eres hermosa. –Es la segunda vez que se lo decía, salió en automático, tanto que hasta yo me pregunte qué diablos pasaba conmigo. Ella me miro, y luego desvió su mirada a la papeleta. -Bueno por quien votamos, no tengo amigos como tú. –me dijo con una voz entre tristeza y decepción. -Votemos por nosotros. –Ella me miro asustada. -No, no votes por nosotros. –dijo nerviosa. -Al diablo con la falsa modestia. –conteste yo sonriendo como un villano de película. Ella miro la papeleta y luego a mí, para luego poner marcas en nuestros nombres, yo sonreí. -Al diablo… -me contesto ella con más seguridad y me encanto ver esa parte decidida de ella. Pasaron uno treinta minutos más cuando oímos una voz indicando que iban a elegir al rey y la reina. La mire y le tome la mano en señal de apoyo. -No importa lo que pase tu eres la reina. –le dije y lo decía muy en serio ella era Mi reina. Ella me miro y sonrío con ganas y yo correspondí su sonrisa, a los minutos oímos la voz del presentador decir \"El rey y la reina son… TOMMY ROSS Y CARRIE WHITE!, no podía creerlo pero nunca había estado más feliz en mi vida, no por mí, por ella , por Carrie, MI Carrie. Le di mi brazo y ella lo tomo estaba brillando de la felicidad y yo me alegre, ella se lo merecía, subimos y nos paramos frente al público; a Carrie le dieron un bouquet de rosas blancas; que gran color para describirla, blanca como todo lo puro. Ella estaba más que feliz estaba excitada, para ella esto era una aventura, no sé qué fuerza entro en mi pero la tome de la mano y hice que me acompañara a las escaleras y justo cuando llegamos al segundo escalón para invitarla a bailar y quien sabe robarle otro beso, detrás oímos un estruendo y un poco de liquido rojo salpico a mi saco y a Carrie a los pies de su vestido rosa, se olía como a sangre, ahí me di cuenta; era una jodida broma, una PUTA BROMA que gracias a Dios no les salió tan bien como querían, sentí tanta rabia que me gire hacia todos y grite: \"QUE CARAJO?!\". Tome a Carrie de la mano y la acerque, sus ojos antes brillosos, ahora estaban llorosos por lo que acababa de pasar, la tome en mis brazos y la abrase con fuerza, le quite las lagrimas y le dije en su oído con la voz más calmada que pude \"todo estará bien yo estoy contigo\" aunque por dentro quería matar a los responsables. Escuche al director decir el nombre que menos quería escuchar en ese momento. -CHRIS BAJA DE AHÍ, ESTAS EN MUCHOS PROBLEMAS! JODER! Esa hija de perra me las iba a pagar caro, no por mi por Carrie, ella me las iba a pagar cueste lo que cueste, luego escuche más voces y una de ellas era de Sue, miro detrás de mí y veo el video del que Sue me hablo, y veo a la propia Sue diciéndole a Carrie \"APARTATE, LOCA\" me entra coraje, ella nunca dijo que llamo a Carrie loca, ella no menciono eso. Joder Sue, esto lo vamos a hablar largo y tendido, de repente siento que Carrie me quiere apartar lento, veo hacia abajo y miro sus ojos, ya no están llorando están molestos, lo admito, me asuste un poco, pero no por eso me aparte. -Carrie, estas bien? –Ella no contesta de inmediato en vez se da la vuelta y me da la espalda y escucho una voz muy lejana a la dulce Carrie que conocí, esta voz era de una chica enojada y dispuesta a vengarse. Veo como las luces empiezan a tiritar, y como el cabello de Carrie empieza a levantarse de la nada… -Tommy, vete de aquí; vete a casa y no mires atrás. Me sorprendo, por un momento pienso en hacerle caso pero en mi corazón, siento que si me voy todos ellos estarán en peligro, así que tomo mi decisión… -No Carrie, no voy a dejarte, me quedare contigo, no importa que pase, siempre estaré ahí para ti. –de repente el cabello de Carrie va cayendo lento a sus hombros, las luces dejan de tiritar y ella se da la vuelta y me observa con esos ojos que me vuelven loco. -En serio no vas a dejarme? –me pregunta con un rayo de esperanza. -Nunca. –Lo dije en serio. Me acerque a ella y la bese de nuevo pero esta vez para que ella entendiera, que la necesitaba tanto o más de lo que ella me necesitaba a mí. -Vámonos, si? Creo que la noche se puso muy agitada para mi gusto. –Se lo dije con una sonrisa para calmarla, pero por dentro estaba ardiendo en furia, Chris las iba a pagar y Sue tenía mucho que explicarme, al mismo tiempo tenía muchas preguntas sobre Carrie; lo que vi era como si ella pudiera controlar todo a su alrededor, necesitaba respuestas e iba a conseguirlas, pero hoy no, solo quiero que Carrie se aleje de estos idiotas, mañana es otro día y habrá tiempo.[Chapter 2] N/A: Carrie no me pertenece, es de Stephen King Bueno muchachos la aquí les traigo el capi dos de esta historia. Disfruten :) Te necesito Capitulo 2 Ya habían salido del baile, Tommy la llevaba de su mano hacia la limusina y Carrie se sentía más confundida que nunca, por primera vez en su vida se sentía bien con una persona que no fuera su madre (sin contar que su madre también le había hecho cosas indeseables), se sentía protegida, apreciada y querida. Tommy había sido más que un caballero hoy, había sido su protector y la manera en que la tocaba y miraba, Dios, jamás se había sentido así… ¿será esta la sensación que hablaba su madre sobre lo que una mujer siente cuando esta con un hombre? ¿Entonces estaba pecando por sentirse así?; se es así, que Dios la perdone, porque para ella se siente muy bien. En un momento se enojo mucho al darse cuenta de lo que planeaban hacer, sintió ira, tristeza, decepción y grandes deseos de venganza; justo en ese momento Tommy le hablo y dijo aquellas palabras que necesitaba oír \"yo estoy contigo\" y todos esos sentimientos, desaparecieron. Por primera vez sintió que alguien la quería en verdad, aparte de su madre; Tommy prometió no dejarla NUNCA y ella deseaba con todo su corazón que el cumpliera su promesa. Llegaron a la limo y escucho a Tommy decirle al conductor que se dirigiera a su casa. Ella se decepciono un poco, quería seguir con el pero, también se daba cuenta que lo que estaba sintiendo por Tommy Ross era incorrecto…el tenia novia, y ella no era la clase de chica que rompía relaciones, además, de que era opuesto a lo que su madre le había enseñado y lo que Dios tenía en el libro que tanto había leído en su niñez…La Biblia; pero en serio quería quedarse con él y seguir sintiendo esa sensación de protección. Sus pensamientos fueron cortados al oír la voz de Tommy. -Estas bien Carrie? -Sí, no te preocupes. –le sonrió, demostrándole que está bien, pero por dentro tenía un remolino de emociones encontrados. -Chris es una jodida imbécil, no le pongas atención a lo que haga, además créeme que va a pagar por esto. –le respondió y en sus ojos verde oscuro vio tanta rabia que la asusto. -No importa, estoy bien Tommy en serio, no paso nada grave, estoy bien…no te metas en problemas por mí, solo déjalo… -no termino la frase cuando Tommy la interrumpió. -No Carrie, deja de actuar así ok? Defiéndete, nunca se van a detener hasta que no los detengas y tú no te lo mereces, si alguien se merece esta mierda son ellos, Chris, Billy y hasta Sue, ¡MIERDA! Si actúas como una víctima, nunca van a dejar de tratarte como una enfréntalos Carrie no para probar nada, sino por ti…solo por ti. –lo ultimo lo dijo casi en un susurro que pudo escuchar, nunca había visto a Tommy tan molesto. -lo siento Tommy…tienes razón, es solo que tengo miedo, no quiero hacerle daño a nadie…no quiero ser mala, Tommy. –le dijo en un susurro, asustada de lo que ella podía hacer. -Carrie tu jamás serás mala, no es tu naturaleza pero tienes que entender que defenderte no es ser malo, es no permitir que NADIE te haga daño. –respondió Tommy mirándola a los ojos. Nunca creí que le importara tanto a alguien, el creía en mi, Tommy Ross cree en mi. Sentí que mi corazón iba a salirse de mi pecho, de lo rápido que palpitaba y como un impulso, lo abrase y enterré mi cara en su pecho, soltando lágrimas de felicidad. Sentí como el también me abrazaba fuerte y me daba un beso en la cabeza y susurraba: \"estoy de tu lado Carrie\", eso me lleno de esperanza de que mi vida y yo misma podía ser diferente. -Gracias… -eso es lo único que pude decir y es lo único que quería que el supiera siempre. Pasaron quince minutos mas y llegamos a mi casa, Tommy salió y me abrió la puerta y tomo mi mano, me sentía como una princesa y que Tommy era mi príncipe con armadura. Me acompaño a la puerta y beso mi mano. -Buenas noches, señorita White. –me sonrio y guiño un ojo. -buenas noches señor Ross. –le seguí el juego y el rio. Me encanta su risa. -Te veo mañana de acuerdo? -si… Entre a casa y me apoye en la puerta feliz por todo lo que paso hoy, quería contarle a mi mamá así que me dirigí al closet donde la deje, pero al llegar vi la puerta con una ruptura, como si alguien hubiera salido por ella… -Mamá?! Estas aquí? –llame, tratando de ubicarla. Subí las escaleras, buscando por ella llamando para recibir respuesta, pero nada ni una señal; me doy la vuelta y la veo parada detrás de mí, con una mirada que no decía nada, solo vacío. -Mamá, la pase muy bien en el baile; el chico que me llevo fue muy bueno conmigo, nadie se burlo mamá, el me protegió… -empecé a contarle con una sonrisa en mi rostro, estaba feliz por todo lo que paso hoy. -Me alegro mi niña, ven aquí dame un abrazo…yo rece para que no te hicieran daño sabes? –me dijo mi madre y me fui acercando para abrazarla y ella me pego a ella muy fuerte al punto de hacerme daño, pero no me importo era mi madre después de todo y se alegraba por mí. De repente sentí un dolor agudo en mi espalda, ardía, ardía mucho; mi telequinesis se activo y grite: \"Mamá!\". La envié lejos de mí, al mismo tiempo que me arroje a mi misma por las escaleras, haciendo que cayera al piso con el dolor en mi espalda y por el resto de mi cuerpo, alce la mirada y vi a mi madre bajando las escaleras con un cuchillo en su mano… -Mamá por favor… -le rogué. -Eres producto del pecado Carrie. Yo creía que eras un cáncer, debí haberte matado pero te amaba mucho y le rogué a Dios que me dejara quedarme contigo; ahora por mi egoísmo y no haberte entregado a Dios el me castiga dándome un demonio por hija. Eres controlada por el diablo y debo asesinarte niña, para acabar con el mal en ti. –me decía mi madre mientras se acercaba para hacerme daño. -¡Mamá no, por favor yo no soy mala, no soy el diablo! –le implore que me escuchara pero mi madre no me escuchaba, seguía diciéndome que era un demonio, estaba a punto de usar mi poder, cuando escucho la puerta abrirse y veo a Tommy parado en la entrada de la sala con los ojos abiertos y sorprendidos por lo que ve… -¡Tu!, tu eres el demonio que me quito a mi niña… la llenaste con pensamientos impuros y sucios. ¡TU TAMBIEN MERECES MORIR POR LO QUE HAS HECHO NIÑO! –mi madre le grito a Tommy, cuando se le iba acercando a paso veloz, para hacerle daño. -¡NO LO VAS A TOCAR MAMÁ! –le grite furiosa, no iba a permitir que le hiciera daño. La estampe a la pared con mi telequinesis, hice que soltara el cuchillo y se lo enterré en el pecho, justo en el corazón, lo hice sin pensar solo sentía rabia por haber atacado a Tommy. Era como si todo se volviera negro y lo único que veía era a mi madre atacando a Tommy. Cuando me di cuenta mi madre tenía el cuchillo en su pecho, sangrando y yo me asuste por lo que había hecho, mate a mi madre, YO LA MATE!. -mamá… -susurre. No podía creer lo que hice, ahora toda mi rabia era angustia, dolor y tristeza… -¡mamá! No, tranquila yo te voy a ayudar vas a estar bien, lo prometo mami… -tome el cuchillo y estaba a punto de sacarlo, cuando escuche la voz de Tommy. -¡NO!, no se lo saques, si lo haces se desangrara más rápido, hay que llamar a la ambulancia. –Tommy tomo su celular y marco al 911 pidiendo ayuda, lo único que yo hacía era llorar por lo que había hecho, mi madre tenía razón, soy mala, voy a ir al infierno por esto. Sentí la mano de Tommy en mi hombro, y lo aparte, no quería que me tocara, no a mi yo era mala, el diablo me tenía entre sus garras justo como mamá me dijo. -vete Tommy, ALÉJATE, NO ME TOQUES SOY MALA, TENGO AL DIABLO DENTRO DE MI, VETE! -¡CÁLLATE CARRIE! –escuche su voz gritarme, y lo mire sorprendida, se arrodillo junto a mí y me abrazo con fuerza –tú no eres mala, te defendiste y me defendiste, ella te quería hacer daño, es normal. -Como puedes decir eso, mi madre va a morir por mi culpa, además viste lo que puedo hacer? ¿Crees que es normal o bueno lo que hago? No Tommy, soy un monstruo. Vete y déjame morir sola. -Vuelve a decir eso y jamás te perdonare me oyes? Nunca te voy a perdonar. –Eso me sorprendió y me dolió al mismo tiempo, no quería perderle –tú no eres mala Carrie y lo que haces no es una maldición es un don, y si me asuste por lo que vi? Claro que sí pero ¿sabes que temía más? Verte herida, verte sangrar, eso casi me vuelve loco, cuando te escuche gritar sentí que moría Carrie. Lo de tu madre, si es horrible, pero sé que no lo hiciste a propósito, me defendiste fue un accidente y pase lo que pase yo te voy a proteger. Eso me hizo llorar; Tommy no me odiaba o temía, quería cuidarme a pesar de saber lo que soy, aunque sé que tiene miedo puedo sentir su mano temblar junto con la mía, pero sigue aquí conmigo como lo prometió, ahí fue donde note que tenía mi estola rosa en su mano derecha; por eso regreso, para dármela, debí haberla dejado en la limusina. Después de unos minutos escuchamos sirenas, era la ambulancia junto con la policía. Tocaron la puerta y Tommy les abrió, vi a los para-médicos tomar a mi mamá y tratarla de ponerla estable, mientras que vi un policía acercarse a Tommy y a mí para hacernos preguntas. -Chicos voy a necesitar que vengan conmigo a la comisaria, necesito interrogarlos. -Yo quiero ir con mi madre, por favor, necesito saber que va a estar bien. –le dije con lagrimas en los ojos. -Ella también esta herida oficial –le contesto Tommy –esta herida en su espalda. -Bien ella puede irse con su madre, pero usted jovencito se viene conmigo. Necesito interrogarlos. -No. Me quedo con ella, con todo respeto, pero no pienso dejarla así. –contesto Tommy con voz firme. -Eres familiar o algo? –Pregunto el oficial. Yo estaba esperando un: \"No solo es una amiga\" o \"una conocida\" pero jamás pensé que diría lo que dijo. -No, es mi novia. Lo mire sorprendida y él me miro con una sonrisa en su rostro. Estaba perdida en sus ojos cuando el oficial hablo nuevamente. -Bien pueden irse los dos. No los interrogare hoy, pero mañana tendrán que venir a la estación para hacerle preguntas. -si… -Le conteste. Tommy me llevo a donde los para-médicos, y ellos se ocuparon de mí. Me limpiaron la herida y me pusieron vendajes hasta llegar al hospital, íbamos en la ambulancia en completo silencio, Tommy iba a mi lado pasando su brazo por mi hombro y yo iba tomando la mano de mamá y mirando su rostro, rezando por que estuviera bien. Llegamos al hospital y bajaron a mi mama en una camilla iba a ir detrás de ella pero tenían que ver mi herida y me llevaron a otro lugar, mientras que a Tommy lo dejaron en la sala de espera. No podía creer lo que veía, Carrie estaba en el suelo con la espalda ensangrentada, y su madre con un cuchillo en su mano, joder, que había pasado. Todo pasó muy rápido y ahora me encuentro en el hospital, con una Carrie herida y su madre con una herida de muerte. No sé en que estaba pensando cuando dije que era mi novia, pero no me arrepiento, lo que estaba en mi mente en este momento era los poderes de Carrie; por Dios, movió a su madre solo con mover su mano, en que carajos me estaba metiendo, tenía miedo, pero no quería irme, no quería dejarla sola, mi deseo de estar con ella era más grande que mi temor. En ese momento suena mi teléfono, sacándome de mis pensamientos, cuando veo la pantalla esta el nombre de Sue. Por Dios, era la última persona con la que quería hablar, pero tenía que hacerlo. -Sue… -contesto. -Tommy? Donde estas? Te he estado buscando por todos lados, llame a tus padres, para encontrarte… -Estoy bien Sue. Estoy con Carrie en el hospital. -Qué?! Ha pasado algo? Estas bien? Voy para allá… -No quería verla… -No Sue. Estoy bien, es Carrie la que está mal, su madre la hirió con un cuchillo en su espalda. -¡QUE! Por Dios Tommy, que fue lo que paso, ella está bien? -La están atendiendo, creo que va a estar bien. –conteste. -Dios Tommy, creí que era Chris la que lo había hecho, fui a buscarlos al baile, ella tenía un plan y… -la corte -Si lo sé, yo estuve ahí recuerdas? -Estás seguro que estas bien? Puedo llegar ahí en un segundo… -No Sue, vete a casa. Estoy bien, te hablo después ok? –le corte. En verdad no quería verla. -Tommy no espera… -le colgué. Lo único que estaba en mi mente, era Carrie. Habían terminado de coserme la herida y limpiarme. El doctor dijo que la herida era profunda pero no letal, en mi cabeza no podía creer que mi madre me hubiera hecho esto; a su propia hija. Salí del consultorio con vendas en mi espalda y con indicaciones de no moverme demasiado, ni hacer movimientos bruscos. Me dirigí a la sala de espera y vi a Tommy hablando con un doctor y me asuste, lo primero que pensé \"mamá murió, la mate\" acelere los pasos y llegue a su lado. -¿Cómo esta mi madre?!, por favor dígame que está bien. –Tommy tomo mi mano, para calmarme pero estaba alterada necesitaba ver a mi madre, saber que estaba bien. -Usted es su hija? –pregunto el doctor. -Si -Señorita White, su madre debe ser operada, el cuchillo le perforo cerca del corazón, por lo que esta grave, estamos listos para proceder con la operación, pero necesitamos la autorización de un familiar. Tal vez su esposo? –pregunto el doctor. -No. Mi padre está muerto, solo estamos ella y yo. –le contesto con voz débil, yo le provoque esto a mi madre, yo tengo la culpa. -Bueno podríamos tener su firma, pero necesitaremos la firma de un adulto responsable, señorita White. -Pero…no hay nadie más, por favor no deje que muera, por favor… -le suplico. En eso Tommy, forma parte de la conversación. -Pueden ser uno de mis padres? –le pregunta. -Si claro, eso serviría. -Bien. Carrie quédate si? Voy a llamar a mis padres a ver si alguno puede llegar aquí para que firme. Tranquila todo va a estar bien, lo prometo. –Tommy se aparte de mi y va a llamar a sus padres con su teléfono. No puedo evitar preguntarme porque es tan bueno conmigo. Escucho la voz del doctor diciéndome que lo siga para firmar. Pasaron quince minutos, cuando Tommy regresa y yo ya había firmado. -Mi madre está en camino ella va a firmar. –me dice con una sonrisa que se me contagia, lo abrazo tan fuerte como puedo, el es mi ángel, mi héroe, mi príncipe, mi luz. -Gracias Tommy, por todo. –le digo con lagrimas en los ojos. El solo besa mi sien y me abraza más fuerte. Pasaron veinticinco minutos más o menos, yo estaba con Tommy en la sala de espera. Cuando siento que Tommy, se levanta de mi lado y abraza a una mujer, como de la edad de mi madre, tal vez un poco más joven. -Tommy, estas bien? Te paso algo? –decía la mujer, claramente nerviosa de ver a su hijo en un hospital y no puedo evitar sentirme responsable por eso. -No mamá, estoy bien. Escucha necesito que ayudes a Carrie. Su madre necesita la firma de la que te hable para que la operen. –Le dijo a su madre. La mujer me mira directo a mis ojos y note que ella tenía los ojos como Tommy, cálidos y tranquilos. -Tú eres Carrie? –me pregunto, y yo la mire sorprendida, su voz me calmaba igual que la de Tommy. -Si señora… -le dije quitando la mirada, sentía mucha vergüenza. Pero contra todo pronóstico, la mujer se agacho a mi altura ya que estaba sentada y me toco la mejilla suavemente y me sonrió. -Tommy me lo contó todo Carrie, te ayudaremos en lo que podamos ok? La mire sorprendida. Esta señora quería ayudarme; ¿Por qué?, solo atine a asentir y agradecer. Luego de unos minutos el doctor se acerca y nos pide la firma del adulto a lo que la madre de Tommy responde que ella firmaría. El doctor agradeció y nos informo que empezarían con la operación. Yo me sentí tan feliz, sentía que el aire regresaba a mi cuerpo, mi madre estaría bien, todo estaría bien otra vez. -Carrie? –escuche la voz de la madre de Tommy. -Si señora? –pregunte entre tímida y sorprendida. -Tienes adonde ir? O con quien quedarte? –me pregunta. -Bueno…en mi casa, pero no tengo a nadie ahí, me quedaría sola, pero no es problema lo he hecho antes y se cocinar y eso… -le dije, a lo que ella me corto. -No. Usted jovencita no se quedara sola y mucho menos con esa herida en tu espalda, puedes quedarte con nosotros, tenemos un cuarto extra en casa y no será problema. -No, no, no, no. Yo no puedo permitir eso usted ya ha hecho mucho por mí y yo… -Carrie… te vienes con nosotros y nada de discutir, te llevaremos a tu casa para que consigas algo de ropa, y eso es todo. Entendido? Mire a Tommy sorprendida, el tenia una sonrisa divertida en el rostro, luego mire a su madre y esta tenía una cara seria en su rostro. -…Si señora. –es todo lo que pude decir. Ella volvió a sonreír, complacida. -Por cierto, llámame Lisa. No estoy tan vieja. –Me dijo entre risas. Y yo no pude evitar sonreír. Tommy tomo mi mano y camino junto a mí detrás de su madre. -Que hay de mi madre? –pregunte preocupada. -Cariño, estas operaciones toman horas y tu y Tommy necesitan comer y descansar después de todo esto, tranquila vendremos mañana, lo prometo si? -Ok… -Eso me relajo un poco. Nunca creí que habría gente que me ayudara o siquiera le importara. Quién diría que el chico que solo me iba a llevar al baile de graduación, sería mi héroe y el que me demostrara que en la vida siempre hay una luz en todo. Gracias por todo Tommy Ross…[Chapter 3] N/A: Hola mis queridos fe...Cof cof, digo bellos. Como saben Carrie no me pertenece, le pertenece a Stephen King. Aqui les traigo la parte tres de Te necesito, disfrutenla, comanla, besenla y amenla. ;b Aqui Sue y Tommy van a tener un pequeño encuentro intenso. y Desjardin entra a escena. Te necesito Capitulo 3 ¡Carrie White…maldita Carrie White! ¡Mi jodido plan, mi puto plan, no funciono y la muy zorra se largo solo con una jodida mancha en su jodido vestido! Porque, porque todo le esta saliendo bien a esa maldita. Le ha quitado todo: Sue, su baile de graduación y encima tendrá problemas no solo con su padre, también con la jodida policía y Billy está enojado conmigo, todo por esa estúpida fanática religiosa; Oh! Pero ojala ese Dios en el que tanto cree la proteja porque juro que no me voy a rendir ante nada para destruirla, ya nada me importa. Ojala y de verdad exista un infierno ¡para que te pudras en el!. SLAP Sentí el golpe de Billy en mi mejilla derecha, me dio tan fuerte que me hizo sangrar por la boca. -¡MALDITA SEAS CHRIS! Jodida puta inútil, lo único que tenias que hacer, zorra, era jalar la puta cuerda cuando te lo dije, pero eres tan estúpida que ni siquiera eso puedes hacer, perra. Todo por tu maldita Carrie y sabes que Chris, esa chica se veía diez veces mejor que tu, por eso la odias no? Porque a pesar de ella ser la chica que no tiene amigos, ella es hermosa sin querer serlo, pero tú, necesitas de tu jodido maquillaje, tu puta ropa, y tu maldito dinero. -¡CÁLLATE BILLY! CREES QUE PUEDES DEJARME AHORA, LE DIRÉ TODO A LA POLICÍA, IRÁN POR TI Y TE JODERÁS JUNTO A MI! –le grite sintiéndome impotente y al mismo tiempo nerviosa, me rehusaba a ir a la cárcel. De repente siento un jalón de cabello por parte de Billy y como se acerca a mi rostro con una mirada que jamás le había visto. -Si abres tu cochina boca, perra, te juro que te mato yo mismo. Carrie White será el menor de tus problemas si me traicionas Chris. –sentí su aliento caliente en mi boca y e dolor en mi cabeza por lo fuerte que tomaba mi cabello. -¡Suéltame Billy, por favor…me duele, coño ya déjame! –le pedí –No diré nada pero no puedes abandonarme, tengo que destruir a Carrie, por favor ayúdame. –Le dije con lagrimas de rabia en mis ojos. -¿Y yo que gano? –me pregunto con sonrisa astuta en sus labios. -Te daré lo que quieras. -Bueno cariño, considerando la mierda que me estás haciendo pasar, creo que una buena suma de dinero me vería bien, no crees? –me dijo, con una sonrisa burlona en su rostro. -Te daré lo que quieras, pero debes prometerme que Carrie White me las va a pagar todas. –le dije con todo el odio que sentía. -¿Estas enferma, lo sabes? Bien, lo hare pero ¿qué tan lejos puedes llegar Chris? –aflojo el agarre en mi cabello. -Hasta las últimas consecuencias. –Conteste decidida. -¿Estás segura? -Sí. -¿Estarías dispuesta a matar a Carrie White? Me siento extraña. No sé cómo describirlo, nunca habían sido tan buenos conmigo, excepto por Tommy y la señorita Desjardin; observo a Tommy en el asiento del copiloto, junto a su madre conduciendo y los veo conversando de todo. Tommy le tiene confianza a su madre, yo jamás pude decirle más de cuatro cosas a mi madre, que no fueran sobre Dios, los ángeles, los demonios y la Biblia, en eso envidiaba a Tommy, desearía que mi madre fuera así conmigo. No he dicho nada en todo el camino, ¿Qué podría decir? Esto es nuevo para mí. Acabamos de buscar ropa en mi casa Tommy se bajo conmigo y me acompaño adentro, me causa reírme por dentro, Tommy es como un padre sobre protector conmigo. Volvemos al auto y la conversación entre Tommy y su madre sigue. Yo sigo en silencio. -Carrie? -Si señora Ro…perdón, señora Lisa? –pregunto casi en un susurro. Ella se ríe levemente y me observa por el espejo retrovisor. -Estas bien? Andas muy callada, aun te duele la herida? –me pregunto con una voz dulce, que denotaba preocupación. -No señora, estoy bien, solo…pues, no sé qué decir –dije con vergüenza. -Sí, Tommy me dijo que eras muy tímida, pero no te preocupes, yo tengo una maestría en hacer a la gente hablar. –me dice entre risas y yo no puedo evitar reírme un poco, es contagiosa igual que la de Tommy –Por cierto Carrie, me gusta tu vestido, esta lindo, ojala y no estuviera manchado de sangre, aunque creo que lo puedo arreglar con un poco de blanqueador. -oh, no se preocupe señora Ro…Lisa, está bien, igual no creo que lo vuelva a usar –dije un poco deprimida por todo en mi vida. -oye, no digas eso, quien sabe y te invite a otro baile. –Me dijo Tommy, con una sonrisa de lado yo no pude evitar avergonzarme un poco. -Oye quieto Casanova, por cierto Sue llamo para saber dónde estabas, ¿Hablaste con ella? –pregunto la madre de Tommy. -…Si, hable con ella en el hospital. –Tal vez era yo, pero su voz se oía molesta, tal vez porque no pudo ver a Sue por mi culpa, eso me hizo bajar la mirada y llorar dentro de mí. -Oh, bueno quieres que te deje en su casa, mientras que yo acomodo a Carrie en casa? -No mama, no quiero…solo, hablare con ella mañana si? -…ok. Note que el auto se detuvo, en frente de una casa preciosa, una mansión comparada con la mía, no era exagerada era la típica casa de estados unidos, dos pisos, pero más grande que la mía, era hermosa. La madre de Tommy se estaciono dentro del garaje y apago el motor. -Bueno, llegamos rey y reina, por cierto felicidades por eso, aunque haya sido una broma, se lo merecían, ambos. –Nos miro sonriendo; beso a Tommy en su mejilla izquierda y a mí en la derecha luego bajo del auto. Yo tenía los ojos abiertos de la sorpresa, esa señora me beso como si fuera su hija, sus labios eran cálidos, tan diferentes a los de mi madre…mi madre. -Carrie? Estas bien? Te duele algo? –escuche la voz de Tommy, preocupado por que no bajaba del auto. No pude evitar sonreír. -Estoy bien Tommy. Me ofreció la mano, para que yo saliera, igual que cuando llegamos al baile y cuando me dejo en mi casa, Tommy…mi caballero. -Gracias. -No hay de qué. Entramos por una puerta en el garaje que daba a la lavandería de la casa, luego pasamos otra puerta y un pasillo que nos dejaba en la cocina de la casa. La cocina era preciosa, era todo de acero inoxidable, mientras que las gavetas eran de madera barnizada y la pared perfectamente pintada de color que parecía entre dorado y amarillo, además de que la cocina era amplia. -Ok, chicos a comer se ha dicho; Carrie ven te mostrare tu cuarto. Mientras tu Tommy te das un baño y sueltas ese helado que es mío! -Mama, tengo hambre! –dijo exagerando sus movimientos de angustia, y yo no pude evitar reírme. -Y seguirás teniendo si no te das un baño niño, hueles a cerdo –Le dijo riendo. -¿Qué? Por favor, este es el aroma de un hombre. –dijo sonriendo mientras cerraba la nevera. Yo y su madre ya íbamos por las escaleras, hacia el segundo piso. -¡Entonces te convertiré en niñata de un golpe jovencito! –grito su madre y yo me reí más aun. Llegamos a una puerta blanca, al final de un pasillo corto, la señora Ross lo abrió y me dejo pasar primero, casi abro la boca de la impresión, era hermosa. La cama era negra con colchas verde musgo y en su cabecera tenia almohadas gigantes de color blanco, naranja oscuro y verde musgo, las cortinas en las ventanas eran del color de las colchas con la excepción que eran traslucidas, había un closet blanco con puertas deslizantes y a su lado un espejo de cuerpo entero, sin contar que el cuarto era amplio. -Bueno, blanca Carrie, espero estés cómoda, el baño es la puerta en frente de este cuarto, si quieres puedes darte un baño. -Muchas gracias, señora Ross, no…no sé cómo pagarle todo esto. -Cariño, si me pagaras, ya no sería ayudarte. –respondió con una sonrisa picara y un guiño en su ojo izquierdo. Yo sonreí. –Carrie, Tommy me dijo todo; lo que te hicieron estuvo mal, muy mal, pero sabes dulzura? Estas son las cosas de la vida, que nos hacen fuertes. Tú tienes un poder Carrie, que no es malo ni bueno, eso, lo decides tu; tú eres la que decidirá al final si ser alguien bueno o malo, pero escucha esto, sea lo que decidas, se en mi corazón que cambiaras al mundo. Muchas gracias por salvar a mi hijo. –Me tomo de las mejillas y me beso en mi frente, mientras lágrimas salían de mis ojos. –Es hora de florecer Carrie, no mas silencio. -Estoy de acuerdo con eso. –Me sorprendí y mire hacia atrás y vi a Tommy apoyado en la puerta de la habitación. -Oye, chico malo ¿nadie te enseño a no escuchar conversaciones de chicas? –Le dijo su madre en tono de burla. -Bueno si, pero no mencionaron nada de no escuchar las conversaciones de tu madre y una amiga especial. –respondió burlón. -Sí, sí, sí, vámonos ya chico listo y mas te vale que te hayas dado ese baño. –Tommy y la señora Ross salieron dejándome sola y no pude evitar sonreír. Deje mi bolsa en la cama, me seque las lágrimas y tome mi pijama, pero note que no tenia toalla, tendría que pedirle una a la señora Ross. Salí de el cuarto mirando a todos lados, a ver si veía a la señora Ross, camine hacia la escalera, para ir abajo a buscarla y justo cuando estaba enfrente de la escalera se abre una puerta en el pasillo frente a mí y sale un Tommy Ross…sin nada cubriéndolo arriba, secándose la cabeza con una toalla. El no me había visto, pero yo no podía apartar la mirada, lo había visto en la piscina del colegio pero nunca le había puesto atención, hasta ahora. Tommy tenía el cuerpo como los chicos que salen en revistas de moda y en televisión, era como un modelo, era delgado pero formado, su abdomen marcado y sus brazos fuertes. No puedo respirar, Dios, ahora si estoy pecando. -Carrie? –una voz me saca de mis pensamientos y alzo la mirada, veo a Tommy mirándome extrañado -¿estás bien? -yo…yo…es que…yo…tu…!no quería verte desnudo fue un accidente! –le dije tan rápido, que creía que me iba a desmayar de la presión. -oye tranquila, primero: no estoy desnudo, bueno no del todo, segundo: ¿necesitas algo? –Me dijo entre risas. -Yo…quería…una toalla –le dije con la voz más baja posible. -Oh, claro, sígueme. –Empezó a caminar, y yo lo seguí. Llego a un closet al final del largo pasillo, lo abrió y tomo una toalla de las que había allí y me la ofreció. -Gracias. –Susurre y me fui caminando a paso acelerado y con la cabeza baja de vergüenza. Después del baño me vestí, ya a herida no dolía y me sentía fresca, pero aun me preocupaba mi madre. ¿Cómo estará? ¿Estará bien? ¿Lograron salvarla? Tenía tantas preguntas y ninguna respuesta. Escuche la voz de la señora Ross desde abajo diciendo, que nos había hecho de comer. Llegue a la cocina y vi a Tommy ya vestido con una sudadera sin mangas. Yo no pude evitar quitar la mirada. -Siéntate cariño, ¿Qué quieres en tu sándwich? Tengo jamón, tocino, salami, lo que quieras. -Jamón y tocino me gusta. –Dije tímida. -Entonces eso tienes. –Me dijo sonriendo. Me senté al lado de Tommy que ya estaba comiéndose un sándwich como si nunca hubiera comido eso me hizo reír. -Oye oso, deja un poco de comida en la alacena, no crees? –dijo su madre jugando. -No, estoy en crecimiento –contesto Tommy riendo. -Aquí tienes, linda. ¿Qué vas a querer de beber? Tengo de todo aquí, tu nada mas pide sin pena. –Me dijo la madre de Tommy poniéndome el sándwich enfrente. -¿Tiene jugo de naranja, por favor? -Sí, ya te doy. Si quieres más me dices. -Gracias, señora Ross -Carrie, que te dije de señora Ross eh? -Lo siento…hmm, Lisa? –Dije tímida. -Se lo preguntas o se lo dices. –Me dijo Tommy divertido. Los tres nos reímos y esta vez sí hable un poco más. Al terminar de comer, me despedí y subí a mi cuarto estaba cansada y un poco abrumada por todo, pero lo que más sentía era esperanza en mi corazón. Carrie se despidió y subió a su cuarto, mientras yo me quedaba con mama en la cocina, sin dejar de pensar en ella. Carrie cada vez me sorprendía mas y yo no quería dejarla ir, no la dejaría ir. Mama me saco de mis pensamientos, pidiéndome que la ayudara a lavar los platos y yo dije que si. Comenzamos en absoluto silencio hasta que mi madre lo rompió. -Ok Tommy Ross, escúpelo. -¿Qué? -Hijo, si hay algo en esta vida que una madre conoce, es a su hijo. Vi como la miras, y he visto esa mirada solo con tu padre cuando me ve a mí. -…¿Eso es malo? -Es profundo cariño, la miras como si quisieras protegerla de todo. No te había visto ver a Sue así jamás. -…honestamente, ya no estoy tan seguro de nada, con respecto a Sue. -Lo sé. Cariño, nunca lo estuviste, eres un niño, tu y Sue son jóvenes, y yo entiendo lo que es la atracción y el deseo, ambas son fuertes, pero no son nada comparado al amor. La atracción se acaba, al igual que el deseo, pero el amor, el amor es una fuerza imparable; como un tifón o un maremoto, no puedes detenerlo, solo dejarte llevar por él. -¿Enserio crees que amo a Carrie? -Por supuesto que no cariño, apenas se conocen, pero sé que lo que sientes por Carrie es mil veces lo que sientes por Sue y cuando entiendas la diferencia entre desear y amar, te darás cuenta de cosas que tú mismo no conocías de ti. Ya eres un hombre Tommy, así que tomar decisiones es parte de ser hombre, solo que al final, tu lidiaras con tus consecuencias. -…Gracias mama, por todo. –En serio lo decía. -Oh, ven y dame un abrazo, niño bonito. –Y eso hice. La abrase fuerte, mi madre era mi voz interna, ella era mi luz en el túnel, mi ayuda. De repente escuchamos el timbre de la casa, mi mama me miro extrañada, no podía ser papa el estaba de viaje por el trabajo, así que quien podría ser. Mi madre se acerco a la puerta y miro por la mirilla de la puerta, y luego abrió. Escuche la voz de una mujer, me parecía conocida, escuche a mama dejando a la persona entrar. -Tommy, vienen a verte! –me extrañe, no esperaba a nadie. Salí de la cocina a la sala y me sorprendí de ver a Sue, pero no estaba sola, estaba con la señorita Desjardin. -…señorita Desjardin? ¿Qué hace aquí? –pregunte extrañado. -Perdón por venir tan tarde señora Ross, Tommy, pero Sue me dijo que Carrie estaba en el hospital y cuando fui, me dijeron que la vieron irse con Tommy, solo vine a ver que todo está bien. Después de lo que paso, Carrie necesita una mano amiga. -Estoy de acuerdo, la trajimos aquí, está durmiendo. No la podía dejar sola en casa con esa herida en su espalda, Tommy me contó lo que paso y la decidí ayudar. –Contesto mi madre. -Claro, y no tiene idea de cuánto se lo agradezco. Tommy, te juzgue y lo siento mucho, a ti también Sue. Lo que hicieron por Carrie, fue muy lindo. –Nos dijo sonriendo la Srta. Desjardin. -No fue nada, ella se lo merece, además, ella me enseño que hay más de lo que se ve por fuera, Carrie es una chica muy fuerte. –dije con toda la sinceridad en mi corazón. -Sí, no hay problema, es como dice Tommy, ella se lo merecía, además yo se lo debía. –escuche a Sue decir y no pude evitar incomodarme. -Bueno, no quiero importunar, mejor me voy. Gracias por recibirme señora Ross. -No hay problema profesora, la mantendremos al tanto sobre Carrie. -Se lo agradezco. -Venga la acompaño a la puerta –escuche decir a mi madre, dándome una mirada significativa, dejándonos a Sue y a mí, solos. -¿Estás bien? Me tenías preocupada, te note un poco molesto por teléfono. –escuche decir a Sue. -Hablemos en mi cuarto. –Juro que trato de ser más amable, pero no puedo, no sabiendo lo que hizo. -Está bien… -la escucho decir. Me levanto del sillón y subo las escaleras con ella detrás. Llegamos a mi cuarto y cierro la puerta con seguro. La veo sentada en la cama y me apoyo en la puerta con los brazos cruzados. -Escucha Sue, vi el video de Chris y no voy a mentir; estoy enojado contigo. La llamaste loca Sue, tú nunca me dijiste que la llamaste loca, joder ella no se merecía eso. No se merece nada de lo que ninguna de ustedes le hicieron, además, ¿burlarse de algo como eso? Ustedes son chicas, se supone que deberían apoyarse con algo como eso o no? -Dios, Tommy, lo siento ok? Porque crees que quería que fueras con ella al baile? Quería pagar mi deuda…-la corte. -Pagar tu jodida deuda? En serio Sue? No se trata de pagar tu puta deuda, para que tu conciencia quede tranquila, se trata de disculparse Sue. Hiciste esto, para que tu tuvieras paz mental, creyendo que dándole un día de paz, pagarías por tus \"pecados\" y eso es todo? Un día puede pagar, miles de días de joderla, ofenderla, abusarla?, Eso es lo que crees? –Estaba enojado, sentía mi sangre correr rápido, a través de mis venas, mi corazón bombeaba sangre, tan rápido que creí morir. Dos años con Sue y hasta ahora vengo a notar, que es una inmadura. -¡Joder Tommy, y que quieres que haga?! Además, si mal no recuerdo, tu no querías ir tampoco, es más, me dijiste que esto era una locura, ahora resulta que eres su defensor Tommy? -¡Sí! Mierda, lo admito, no quería, pero ahora la conozco Sue. Y quiero ayudarla…sabes tú y Chris, no son tan diferentes, ambas creen saberlo todo y controlarlo todo. -…¿Tu, me estas comparando con Chris? ¿En serio, Tommy? –me pregunto, con lagrimas en los ojos. Suspire y sacudí mi cabello aun húmedo. -Sabes qué?, hablemos mañana, estoy cansado y solo quiero…quiero dormir. –estaba harto de esta situación, y la verdad no tenía la energía para darle a Sue, una clase de moral que seguramente no entendería. Ella se levanto, y paso a mi lado, dirigiéndose a la puerta, escuche que la abrió y luego escuche su voz quebrada. -En serio lo siento Tommy. –No me di la vuelta, no tenía el valor para verla llorar. No era tan hijo de puta, aun. -Díselo a ella Sue, es lo menos que se merece y es lo que más puedes hacer. –termine diciéndole y escuche la puerta cerrarse. Suspire. Que día, no tuve ni un poco de paz mental, aunque si lo tuve. Salí de mi cuarto y me dirigí al de Carrie. Toque pero nadie contesto, abrí un poco y vi la vi en su cama, dormida. Entre con cuidado de no hacer ruido y me acerque a la cama, me arrodille y quite un mechón de cabello, y esa sensación de paz regreso. Sonreí, como un niño con juguete nuevo. -Nadie te hará daño de nuevo Carrie, te lo prometo. \" No importa que pase esta noche, tu eres la reina\"[Chapter 4] N/A: Carrie no me pertenece, le pertenece al fantástico Stephen King. Hola, hola! Si lo se tarde mucho, pero es porque tuve un Lapsus momentum de falta de creatividad. Mi musa se fue y me dio una patada en el culo -.- pero weno ya regreso la maldita XD En este cap las cosas se ponen intensas entre Carrie y Tommy, me salio un ooc Carrie pero era necesario, ademas, no olvidemos que sigue siendo una adolescente hormonal ;b. En fin a leer. Te necesito Capitulo 4 No podía creerlo, Tommy me detestaba. Me comparo con Chris, Dios mío, con Chris! No quería hacerle daño a nadie, incluso intente arreglarlo, por Dios, ¿Darle a mi novio por una noche y dejarla disfrutar de la noche más especial en la vida de un estudiante mientras yo me quedaba en casa no era suficiente? Dije que lo sentía. Y en serio lo siento. Después de lo que me dijo Tommy, llegue a casa y llore toda la noche; me sentía muy mal e incluso vomite. No sé que me pasaba, pero tenía miedo. Al principio pensé que era un simple malestar o algo que comí, ahora no estoy tan segura, tendría que ir al hospital pronto. Ojala y Tommy pueda perdonarme, no quiero perderle. Me desperté muy temprano, en la mañana; con la cabeza llena de dudas. Primero mi madre, necesitaba verla, ver que estaba bien y luego la policía; hoy tenía que dar mi testimonio sobre lo que paso ayer. No sabía qué hacer, si decía la verdad, enviarían a mi madre lejos y la encerrarían y no podía permitirlo después de todo es mi madre ¿cierto? Pero en mi corazón deseaba decir la verdad, que mi madre me abusaba, ya no quería sufrir, ni tener que hacerle más daño, además de que aun tengo que controlar este poder, comprobé que si pierdo el control podría hacer mucho daño y no quería eso; de pronto recordé lo que me dijo la madre de Tommy …\"Es hora de florecer Carrie, no mas silencio\" Lo que sea que fuera mi decisión, se que muchas cosas cambiarían. Después de mi ducha y cepillarme los dientes, me vestí con intención a ir al hospital, a ver a mi madre, en serio, necesitaba hacerlo. Salí del cuarto y vi la casa desierta, deben estar durmiendo aun. Estaba bajando las escaleras, cuando escuche una voz detrás de mí. -¿Adonde crees que vas sin mi eh? -¡Tommy! …me asustaste…-respondí nerviosa el estaba tan cerca de mí, que mi rostro casi rosa su pecho. –Pensé que estabas dormido. -No, a esta hora me levanto para ir a correr y ejercitarme un rato, pero no respondes mi pregunta ¿adónde vas sin mi? –Me dijo acercándose aun más a mí si era posible. -yo…eh…es que…yo, iba a…ver a mi mama al hospital. –le dije nerviosa por su cercanía. -ahh, bueno déjame darme un regaderazo y voy contigo. –Se dio la vuelta para subir las escaleras pero yo lo detuve. -No! Digo, no es necesario. Puedo ir sola, has hecho mucho por mí, no necesitas venir conmigo. -Si lo necesito Carrie, yo…necesito estar donde estés, no sé porque, pero lo necesito. –Me dijo, aun de espaldas a mí, con una voz tan profunda y ronca que me provoco escalofríos. -Pero Tommy… -Carrie, voy a ir ok? Dame quince minutos y no te muevas de aquí, entendiste linda? –me dijo con una sonrisa de lado y guiñándome un ojo. Mi cara se sintió caliente y mis manos empezaron a sudar, me sentía como una pequeña niña viendo a una estrella de cine. Me quede parada ahí mientras lo veía subir. Aun no podía creer, que Tommy fuera tan bueno conmigo y sin esperar nada a cambio. No estaba acostumbrada a esa clase de tratos por parte de nadie, así que, todo lo que me pasaba ahora era un misterio para mí. A los minutos Tommy bajo de nuevo, esta vez con un suéter blanco con letras en rojo que decía \"DEMO\" y unos jeans no tan ajustados, con converse rojas. Tommy se veía bien con todo lo que usaba. Cuando se me acerco pregunto si estaba lista, a lo que yo solo pude asentir, embobada en lo guapo que él era. Tomo mi mano y salimos juntos de la casa. Caminando hacia la parada de autobús, le pregunte por su madre y me respondió: -Mama está en el supermercado, regresa después. –Lo mire sorprendida. Ósea que estábamos SOLOS en su casa?! No pude evitar mirar hacia abajo, de puro nerviosismo. Esta es la clase de comportamiento que mi madre me desaprobaría, además de un pasaje gratis a el closet, pero lejos de sentirme mal, por dentro sonreía, era…divertido ser un poco malo. Llegamos a la parada de autobús, y nos sentamos ahí un rato hasta que llego, el nuestro. Nos subimos y sentamos en el. Pasaron veinticinco minutos antes de llegar al hospital. Al llegar estaba nerviosa, no sabía con que me encontraría, si mi madre estaba bien, si me perdonaría por lo que hice; solo tenía una cosa clara necesitaba verla. Llegamos a la recepción y pregunte por ella, la mujer que estaba ahí me dijo el numero de habitación, al mismo tiempo que llamo al doctor encargado de la operación. Pasaron diez minutos y llego el mismo doctor que nos atendió ayer. -Buenos días Srta. White, está aquí por su madre no? -Sí. ¿Ella está bien? ¿Está viva? ¿Puedo verla, por favor? –dije esto al borde del llanto, a lo que Tommy tomo mi mano y la apretó, en señal de apoyo. -Tranquila Srta. White, todo salió bien, su madre está estable, pero no esta consiente en este momento; aunque la operación fue un éxito, necesito tenerla bajo observación, perdió sangre como se puede imaginar. Fue una herida profunda, pero por suerte, no letal. El cuchillo no se le enterró en el corazón, sino muy cerca de él. Puede pasar a verla si gusta. -Si, por favor. –Estaba más relajada. No mate a mi madre, ella va a vivir. El doctor me dijo que lo siguiera, pero antes de seguirlo mire a Tommy y él me sonrió y dijo \"Yo estaré aquí\" eso me dio confianza y seguí al doctor. Llegamos a una habitación que estaba en el ala de urgencias, el doctor indico que era aquí. Tome el pomo de la puerta, con la mano temblando como gelatina pero aun así, entre. Vi a mi madre acostada en la cama de hospital, con una mascarilla de oxigeno en su rostro, tubos que conectaban a bolsas con lo que parecía agua y el \"bip bip\" constante de la maquina, que indicaba los latidos de mi madre. Puse las manos en mi boca de la impresión, mi madre estaba así, por mi culpa. Me acerque a la cama y me senté en una silla a su lado. No dije nada solo, la observe; verla así me dio un sentimiento extraño, era una mezcla de culpa, rabia, tristeza y satisfacción. Le pedí a Dios fuerzas, no quería sentirme así, esa es mi madre por todos los cielos! Satisfacción es lo último que debería sentir. Pero no podía evitarlo; una parte de mi se sentía bien, por lo que le estaba pasando a mi madre, de repente las luces empiezan a parpadear y las cosas del cuarto a temblar, era yo, mis emociones encontradas provocaban esto. Me levante asustada y corrí fuera del cuarto, me apoye en la pared y respire, cerré mis ojos y trate de concentrarme en algo bueno, un recuerdo…el beso de Tommy. De repente todo se detuvo. Abrí mis ojos y todo estuvo bien. Camine de vuelta a la sala de espera y vi a Tommy sentado con el celular en su mano. Me acerco y le toco el hombro, el me mira con esos ojos verdes, esos ojos que me encantan y todo ese dolor, esos sentimientos se van, todo está bien ahora. Tommy se levanta y me sonríe, me pregunta si todo fue bien, le respondo \"si…ahora todo está bien\" Salimos del hospital y vimos al policía del día de ayer y de pronto recuerdo, tengo que ir a decir que paso. El esta recostado en la patrulla y nos observa seriamente. -Hola chicos. Lamento venir en un momento así, pero este caso, bueno entenderán que no puedo dejarlo así, una persona estuvo cerca de morir mientras que otra salió herida, así que, no puedo dilatar esto. –Nos dijo el oficial, seriamente. -Entiendo señor. –conteste. -Bien. Suban por favor, yo los llevare. –Yo y Tommy nos miramos por unos segundos y subimos al auto. Todo era silencio y mi mente estaba en un caos, ¿qué diría? ¿Mentiría para defender a mi madre o les diría la verdad? Siento una presión en mi mano y veo a Tommy sonriéndome y yo le correspondo aun con los nervios en mi cuerpo. Pasaron como treinta minutos y llegamos a la estación. Nos bajamos y el oficial nos dijo que esperáramos sentados. Vimos oficiales llegar con hombres esposados y hasta adolescentes como yo y Tommy, eso solo hizo que me estresara más. -Tommy, ¿Qué voy a decir? No quiero que mi encierren a mi mama, si digo la verdad. Se la llevarían lejos de mí y nunca la vería. -Carrie, tu madre siempre será tu madre, no importa que. Pero ella tiene que alejarse de ti, te hace daño Carrie, digo casi te mata. Tienes que decir la verdad. Claro que la podrás ver, solo que no tan a menudo, pero esto es necesario, ya basta de guardar silencio cuando te abusan Carrie, debes hablar, si no esto seguirá. Tu madre eventualmente te hará algo peor y yo no lo soportaría Carrie. Si tu no dices la verdad, yo lo hare, no dejare que nada te haga daño, incluyéndote a ti misma. –Tommy me hablo tan serio que me sentí intimidada. El tenia razón, se que la tenia, pero era tan difícil aceptarlo. El oficial salió de nuevo y me llamo a mi primero. Me levante y camine hacia donde indico el oficial, pero antes de seguir voltee mi cabeza y mire a Tommy. Su cara mostraba frustración y enojo, creo que hacia mí. Seguí caminando y nos detuvimos en frente de una puerta de metal, el oficial abrió y me dejo pasar, para luego entrar y cerrar. El cuarto era pequeño, con paredes blancas y solo una mesa y dos sillas. -Toma asiento, Carrie. –yo obedecí al instante. –Bueno Carrie, no quiero hacerte pasar por mas problemas, entiendo que lo de tu mama es fuerte y no quiero hacerte sentir más incomoda de lo que estas, así que vamos directo al punto ¿Qué paso exactamente ayer? Lo mire, entre asustada y nerviosa, no por él, sino por mí. ¿Qué respondería? Ya habían pasado más de cuarentaicinco minutos, desde que Carrie entro. Estaba nervioso, no sabía que respondería ella. Quería que dijera la verdad, su madre era un peligro y necesitaba ser detenido, no importa quien fuera, ella no tenía derecho a hacerle daño a Carrie. En serio que diría la verdad (obviando lo de sus poderes claro) no permitiría que nada le hiciera daño a Carrie. Salgo de mis pensamientos al ver a Carrie salir, venia con la cabeza abajo y las cruzadas sobre su pecho, su cabello cayendo sobre su cara, me levante y me le acerque alce su rostro y vi que tenia lágrimas en ellos, se los limpie y bese sus mejillas. No sabía que había dicho pero no importaba, no la abandonaría. Salí de mis pensamientos al oír la voz del oficial, llamarme; no tuve más remedio que soltar a Carrie y seguirlo, no sin antes decirle a Carrie que volvería. Llegamos a una habitación, era como se mostraban en esas películas de acción donde se interrogan a los criminales, me sentí raro, yo no era un criminal sin embargo, aquí estoy. Tome asiento enfrente del oficial, el abrió una carpeta con una hojas y luego alzo su mirada hacia mí. -Bien Tommy, ya Carrie me dijo su versión. Pero necesito escuchar la tuya, para ver si coinciden, así que por qué no empiezas desde el principio. –me dijo, usando ese tono de policía bueno, entre amenazante y amable. -Llegamos como a las 8:45 p.m. de la graduación, yo la deje en su puerta y ella entro a casa, me disponía a irme pero en la limusina se había quedado su estola, así que regrese a entregársela. Justo cando iba a tocar escucho un grito y un golpe, como si alguien se cayera. Entre y vi a…Carrie con una herida en su espalda y en el suelo con su madre enfrente con un cuchillo, obviamente quede paralizado, lo último que esperas es ver a una madre atacando a su propia hija, luego ella me miro me grito que yo tenía la culpa de todo y se lanzo a atacarme. Carrie la enfrento y tomo la mano de su madre con el cuchillo y empezaron a hacer fuerza, hasta que accidentalmente Carrie le enterró el cuchillo a su madre en el pecho, y eso fue todo. –El miro sus papeles y escribió algo. -¿Sabes si su madre, mostraba signos de violencia, antes de eso? Me imagino que lo sabes, eres su novio no? –me pregunto entre sarcasmo y curiosidad. -Si soy su novio, pero Carrie siempre fue reservada y nunca hablaba de su madre, conmigo ni con nadie, además, de que ella nunca me dejo ir a su casa. –le respondí con voz firme, no iba a dejar que me intimidara. -Bien, tengo entendido que Carrie también sufría de Bullying. ¿Sabes de eso? -Sí. Así como también se quien la jodia tanto. Chris Hargensen, ella es la promotora de todo. -Muy bien, no tengo más preguntas. Gracias por venir, tu testimonio coincide con el de Carrie, así que no hay problema. Les daré noticias sobre cómo vamos a proceder con su madre. Si recuerdan algo más o si tiene otro dato que darme llame a mi número, soy el oficial Jake Upshur. –me dijo entregándome una tarjeta con su número y datos. -Gracias oficial. -No hay de que, ah y Tommy? -Si? -Cuídala, es una buena chica. -Eso planeo señor. –respondí decidido. Salí del cuarto y me dirigí hacia donde estaba Carrie. La vi sentada aun mirando hacia abajo. Me agache y vi su rostro, aun lloraba. Le limpie sus lágrimas y la bese. Fue un beso rápido, casi mecánico, solo paso. Ella alzo su rostro y me abrazo con fuerza y yo le correspondí. Salimos de ahí y tomamos el autobús de vuelta a casa. Mama ya había llegado y nos hizo la comida, le conté todo lo que paso, ella me abrazo y dijo \" estoy orgullosa de ti Tommy\". Carrie había subido a darse un baño y yo estaba en mi cuarto recostado en la cama, pensando en Sue y como terminaron las cosas ayer. No sé si fui muy duro, pero no me arrepiento, Sue tiene que crecer. Escuche a mama llamar para el almuerzo y salí de mi cuarto para bajar, cuando lo hice note que Carrie no estaba ahí. Subí para avisarle que el almuerzo estaba listo. Llegue a su cuarto y vi la puerta entre abierta, la abrí lentamente y casi muero. Carrie estaba en toalla dándome la espalda. Carajo, este es el momento en el que te retiras, en donde dejas de mirar, pero no podía. No pude evitar compararla con Sue otra vez. Sue era delgada y alta como las modelos de pasarela, pero Carrie era bajita y más gruesa a pesar de ser delgada, sus piernas eran más gruesas y bien formadas, aun con su toalla se notaba que tenia mas trasero que Sue, joder que soy hombre, noto cosas y me encantaba el cuerpo de Carrie, mucho más que el de Sue. Con Sue sentía que si la apretaba mucho, se rompería, pero Carrie era una historia diferente. Entre tratando de no hacer ruido, no podía evitarlo era como una fuerza empujándome hacia ella. Llegue tan cerca y la tome de la cintura, ella como era de esperarse se asusto. -shh, no grites soy yo. -¿Tommy? ¿Qué…que estás haciendo? Detente –me decía con voz nerviosa. -Carrie, quiero besarte, por favor –le dije con una voz que yo mismo no reconocía, sonaba ronca, casi con dolor. -Bu…Bueno deja que me vista. -No, quiero sentirte Carrie, no hare nada que no quieras lo juro, pero por favor déjame besarte. -Yo…yo… -no la deje terminar. Le di la vuelta y la bese con hambre, con deseo, se que estaba mal, por Dios era Carrie y ella era tan inocente que dolía, pero no podía evitarlo, la quiero, demasiado. La tome de la cintura y la pegue a mi cuerpo, ella puso sus manos en mis hombros y me empujo un poco, la deje de besar pero no la solté, ella me miraba agitada y sorprendida, yo no pude evitar sonreír. -Tommy…porque me siento así? -\"así\" ¿Cómo? -Me siento…caliente –esto lo dijo metiendo su cabeza en mi pecho. Yo me reí bajo. -Estas excitada Carrie y yo también. –Le dije bajando mis manos a su cadera por encima de la toalla a lo que ella salto. Yo volví a reír. –Vamos, antes de que haga algo a lo que tu llamarías \"diabólico\" –le dije con entre risas y ella me sonrió, tímida. Luego de eso, bajamos y almorzamos, joder Carrie me estaba volviendo loco, ni siquiera con Sue me volvía tan…salvaje. Me la pase todo el día en su cuarto. Hablamos de todo, escuchaba mi teléfono vibrar en mi bolsillo pero no lo contestaba, solo quería estar con Carrie. Anocheció y cenamos, me di un baño y me vestí solo con un pantalón, pero en vez de ir a mi cuarto me dirigí al de Carrie, me estaba haciendo adicto a ella, lo juro. Ella estaba en su cama sentada leyendo un libro, me senté a su lado y le bese la mejilla izquierda, le pregunte que leía. -La biblia. –La mire un poco chocado, ya que no estaba acostumbrado a, pues, eso. -Y que lees? -El libro de Cantares, escrito por el rey Salomón. –Me contesto con voz suave –Quieres que te lea un poco? –la mire sorprendido. Yo no leía la biblia ni nada, no es que no creyera en Dios, es solo que no era religioso; pero si se trataba de ella lo intentaría. Dios, me estaba volviendo un completo ñoño. - \"He entrado ya en mi jardín, hermana y novia mía, y en el recojo mirra y bálsamo; allí me sacio del panal y de su miel. Allí me embriago de vino y leche; ¡Todo esto me pertenece! ¡Coman y beban, amigos, y embriáguense de amor\" -termino con voz suave y sedosa y tengo que admitir, me gusto esa parte. Así era exactamente como me sentía con Carrie, quería embriagarme de ella, de su amor, de su piel, de sus labios, de todo; y tal vez aun entonces no quedaría satisfecho. Ella me siguió leyendo un capitulo mas y yo ahora no quería que terminara, este definitivamente seria mi libro de la biblia favorito. Se fue haciendo tarde y ella se durmió con el libro, yo me quede ahí viéndola, hasta que decidí irme. Llegue a mi cuarto y cuando me dispuse a dormir, el teléfono sonó. Era Sue. Conteste dando un suspiro. -Hola Sue. -Tommy…tenemos que hablar. –Me dijo con voz quebrada, eso me preocupo. -¿Estás bien? -…Yo…no puedo hablar por teléfono, sobre esto. Te veo en el parque, en 5 minutos. -¿Qué?! Sue, son las doce de la noche, ¿Qué es tan importante que tengo que sal… -me corto. -¡Solo hazlo¡ por favor, esto es muy importante Tommy –me dijo mas alterada. -…bien te veo allá. Salí por la ventana para no encontrarme con mi mama, por si acaso. Llegue al parque como en 8 minutos, no quedaba lejos. Vi a Sue sentada en uno de los columpios y mirando hacia abajo. -Sue? ¿Estoy aquí, que ocurre? –Ella alzo la mirada y pude notar que ella estaba llorando, tenia lo ojos hinchados y rojos. Se levanto del columpio y me abrazo con fuerza y temblando eso me asusto. –Sue, cálmate por favor. Dime que ocurre. -Tommy… -me dijo llorando. -Tranquila, estoy aquí. -…Estoy embarazada… \" Ya eres hombre Tommy, así que tomar decisiones es parte de ser hombre, solo que al final tu lidiaras con tus consecuencias.\"[Chapter 5] N/A: Carrie no me pertenece, le pertenece a Stephen King. *Escondiéndose detras de un muro* Hola? es seguro? Si chicas lo siento por tardar, lo se, lo se no me maten plis, pero estaba super ocupada con mi universidad, ademas de que ando en un curso de modelaje en fin, muchas cosas, ademas de que investigue sobre Carrie y sus personajes y datitos que pueden ser de ayuda en la historia, no quiero darles demasiados ooc, quiero hacerla lo mas apegada posible a las posibilidades y historia. Bueno en fin disfruten y diganme que piensan. T e necesito Capitulo 5 No le cuadraba todo esto; algo en la historia de Carrie y Tommy, no le gustaba. Primero, ¿porque una madre querría asesinar a su propia hija? Joder, hay gente loca en el mundo, si, de eso estaba seguro, pero en todos sus años en la policía había descubierto, que hasta el más loco y psicópata, tiene una razón para lo que hace. Entonces, ¿cuál era la razón de Margaret White, para la acción que tomo?. Dios, estaba impaciente por verla despertar, tenía muchas preguntas y ninguna respuesta, por ahora solo investigaría más. Salió de sus pensamientos, al escuchar la voz de su compañero. -Oye Upshur, ¿no te piensas ir? Ya es muy tarde. -No Miles, estoy en medio de algo aquí y honestamente quiero tener respuestas claras. -Vamos amigo, no estarás así, por lo de la chica y su madre o sí? Joder, necesitas tranquilizarte, son las diez de la noche vete a casa, descansa por amor a Dios. Miles Smith, era un buen tipo, buen policía, con una bonita familia, a la que le dedicaba tiempo, a diferencia de el que era más del tipo solitario y siempre frío con todo lo que hacía. Sabía que tenía razón; debería irse a casa y dejar que las cosas salieran a la luz por si solas, pero ese no era él, siempre había sido un cabrón impulsivo, el nunca esperaba las cosas, el hacía que las cosas llegaran a él. -Está bien Miles, solo necesito una media hora y me voy a casa. -¡Joder Jake! ¿Qué puedes descubrir en media hora, que ya esos chicos no te hayan dicho? Ya sabes lo que paso, la madre está loca, trato de matar a su hija y fallo, fin de la historia. -Es que no tiene sentido Miles. La razón de todo esto, debe haber una. -No Jake, este mundo es horrible. A veces no hay razones, estas mierdas solo pasan y eso es todo. Mira entiendo que te preocupe, pero no vas a lograr nada así, espera hasta que la tipa despierte e interrógala; eso es todo amigo. –Miles se le acerca y le toca el hombro –vete a casa amigo, duerme un poco. -…Solo media hora más y me voy. -¡Joder! Haz lo que quieras. –soltó ya enojado por la insistencia de su amigo. Jake lo observo irse murmurando cosas como \"idiota\" o \"porque es tan terco\" pero no le importo. Soltó una sonrisa de lado y siguió con su investigación. El descubriría todo sobre Carrie White y su madre. Estoy embarazada…embarazada…embarazada… Esa oración le había quitado el sueño. Se hizo de mañana y seguía despierto. La vida tiene un maldito sentido del humor; el haciendo planes de estar con Carrie y justo cuando está decidido a hacerlo, Sue está embarazada. No sabía si reírse o gritar de pura frustración. Y la \"cereza del pastel \"aun no venia…decírselo a sus padres. ¿Qué les diría? \"papa, mama adivinen, Sue está embarazada con mi bebe y yo ya no estoy enamorado de ella\" sí, eso sería perfecto. Cuando Sue le dijo la noticia, le dijo todo lo que ella quería escuchar, ya saben el \"todo va a estar bien\" , \"Lo solucionaremos\" incluso el \"yo también te amo\" y coño, nunca se había sentido más mierda que en ese momento, porque cada cosa que le dijo era una completa mentira. No sabía si todo estaría bien, no sabía cómo solucionarlo y definitivamente ya no la amaba, pero que querían que hiciera, ella estaba asustada y el también, como criaría a un niño, el apenas si se podía llamar a si mismo adulto, no había entrado ni siquiera a la universidad y no tenía un trabajo para sustentarse ni siquiera a el mismo; estaba aterrado no sabía que haría y lo más importante…no quería perder a Carrie. Se levanto y bajo después de darse un baño y vio a su padre en la sala, ni siquiera noto cuando llego de su viaje. -¿Papa? –soltó casi asustado. -¡Hola campeón! ¿Cómo estás? –Su padre era un hombre de 45 años, que a pesar de su edad se veía bastante bien, su cabello era rubio oscuro y de ojos azules, muy alto como de un metro noventa y tres. Se le veía contento de verlo, eso incremento la culpa y el terror al tener que decirle a él y a su madre la noticia. –regrese ayer en la noche. Iba a despertarte, pero no quería molestarte. Tu madre casi se muere al verme, creo que le cayó fuerte, bueno eso fue después de que se dio cuenta de que no era un ladrón y casi me mata a golpes. –esto lo dijo entre risas, a lo que Tommy solo sonrió vagamente. -oye, ¿estás bien? –pregunto su padre. -…Si…bueno no, yo…tengo que decirles algo a ti y a mama. -Ahh, es sobre la chica no?, Carrie, no te preocupes tu mama me contó todo, y estoy muy orgulloso de cómo te comportaste con la situación de esa chica, debe ser difícil para ella. -Gracias, pero…no es sobre eso. –le dijo casi temblando. Tommy sentía sus manos sudar y su voz quebrarse, pero no había vuelta atrás. –necesito hablar contigo y con mama. -Ok, bueno ella se está bañando, baja en unos minutos. -Bien. Tommy se sienta en la sala con su padre, las manos hechas puños y con la cabeza hacia abajo; siente la mirada de su padre sobre el pero no se atreve a mirarlo. A los minutos siente unas pisadas bajando las escaleras, piensa que es su madre, así que mira hacia esa dirección, era Carrie, usando uno de sus vestidos que la hacen ver como una muñeca y su cabello en una trenza de lado, junto con zapatos bajos. No puede evitar sentirse mal y quitarle la mirada. Sin mirarla escucha su voz casi en susurro pero lo suficiente alta para escucharla. -Lo siento, yo…no sabía que…usted había llegado señor Ross. Perdón por…bajar así. Yo solo, buscaba a la señora Ross. -No Carrie tranquila, no estás haciendo nada ilegal o sí? Estás en tu casa. Por cierto, espero y tu madre se mejore, Lisa me contó todo y tienes nuestro apoyo. -Gracias señor Ross. -no hay de qué. Tommy escucho otras pisadas, su madre, se dijo, llego la hora. Se armo de valor y soltó aire. -Buenos días chicos, hola Carrie ¿dormiste bien? –pregunto su madre. -sí, gracias señora Lisa. -Bueno denme quince minutos y preparo un festín para el desayuno. -…mama espera… -¿Si? -Tengo que hablar contigo y con papa, es…algo serio. –sus padres se miraron entre ellos casi sorprendidos. -Bueno, está bien, hablemos entonces. –respondió su madre, insegura. -Carrie, necesito estar a solas con mis padres, ¿crees que puedas esperar en el cuarto un rato? –le pidió casi rogándole. -Cla…claro. –respondió Carrie con voz dulce. Se dio la vuelta y subió las escaleras apresurada. La vio subir y mirarlo preocupada desde arriba, mientras se seguía dirigiendo a su cuarto. Cuando escucho la puerta de su cuarto cerrarse, supo que ya no había vuelta atrás. Miro a sus padres y ambos lo veían intensamente, como esperando una explicación por prácticamente echar a Carrie de la sala. -Yo…no sé cómo empezar. -Solo dinos que pasa Tom, este suspenso no me está gustando y creo que tu madre está de acuerdo conmigo. –Le dijo su padre ya serio y un poco molesto, por tanta demora. -Bien, yo…ayer vi a Sue en el parque, en la noche y… ella me dijo algo que en este momento no se cómo aceptar. -Tommy, ¿Qué paso? –pregunto nuevamente su padre con voz profunda. -Ella me dijo que…que… -Tom… -dijo ya con voz de advertencia su padre. -Ella esta…embarazada…el bebe es mío. –No escucho nada, todo era silencio nada se escucho, hasta que se oyó una voz fuerte y masculina dar un grito que se oyó por toda la casa. -¡¿Qué?¡ -Lo siento papa. –dijo Tommy con voz quebrada. -¡¿Lo sientes?¡ ¡Y como mierda se supone que eso arregla algo¡ Tommy en qué diablos estabas pensando. –se escuchaba gritar al señor Ross por toda la sala caminando de un lado a otro como un león buscando a quien devorar. -No lo sé papa. -Dios Tommy, ni siquiera estas en la universidad, no tienes trabajo. ¿Tienes alguna idea de lo estúpido que hiciste? -Ethan…ya no hay nada que hacer, gritarle no resolverá las cosas, lo que sigue es planificar lo que va a pasar después de esto. –dijo con voz casi indiferente su madre, pero por su tono se notaba que estaba igual de enojada o más. –¿Recuerdas cuando te dije que cuando eres un hombre tomas decisiones? Bien esta fue tu decisión, no voy a castigarte no serviría de nada, ya está hecho el daño, pero me voy a asegurar de que cumplas con cada una de tus responsabilidades y me refiero a todas. Primero vas a buscar trabajo, aunque sea de medio tiempo, porque ese bebe es tuyo y te vas a encargar de él me oyes? Segundo, vas a ir a la universidad, eso no cambia nada, en lo que pueda te voy a ayudar pero quiero que sepas, que en lo de tu bebe estas prácticamente solo y tercero, nunca le vas a dar la espalda a tu hijo o hija, no te lo permitiré, no importa que quieras hacer con tu vida pero a esa criatura la vas a querer y cuidar no importa que, estamos de acuerdo? Tommy solo asintió, con la cabeza abajo. -Bien, entonces voy a hacer el desayuno y después nos vamos a la casa de los Snell a hablar sobre este tema. –fueron las últimas palabras que escucho de su madre sobre el tema. Mientras en el piso de arriba acurrucada contra una pared se encontraba una chica, con lágrimas en los ojos y con el corazón partido, mientras que la luz del cuarto explotaba a causa de su tristeza. En un muelle con el sol y el viento dándole a su cara, se encontraba Chris Hargensen, fumándose un cigarro, pensando en cómo su vida había cambiado en menos de una semana, todo por una estúpida broma a la Blanca Carrie. Recostada sobre el auto de Billy no podía creer que todo se había vuelto una mierda en su vida, ya no podía contar con sus amigos, ya casi no los veía. Curioso como todos te dan la espalda cuando la mierda se pone fea. Ahora ella era una fugitiva así que tendría que vivir como una. -Oye Chris, tenemos que irnos ya. No tenemos mucho tiempo antes de que la puta policía llegue y nos joda. –Billy era lo único que le quedaba. -…si. -Entonces sube al maldito auto. –le dijo Billy ya exasperado y subiendo al auto. -¡ya voy, mierda¡ -soltó cabreada, no quería mas gritos ni malos tratos de su parte. Se subió al auto y Billy empezó a conducir. -…Y ¿ya sabes que vamos a hacer con respecto a la blanca Carrie o qué? –pregunto Chris, impaciente por poner el plan en acción. -Primero princesita, tenemos que largarnos del pueblo, hasta que se calmen las aguas, los policías nos quieren y como ya dije no voy a ir a la cárcel ni por ti ni por nadie. -¿y cuando tiempo tomaría que se calmen las aguas? -Lo que tenga que tomar, joder. -Bien. -Escucha Chris, lo que vamos a hacer no es un juego, esta vez si nos descubren no serán dos años y salir bajo fianza, no cariño, serán de 25 años o más, así que esta vez no lo arruines, en la primera que la cagues, estás sola, me oyes?. -Si Billy. -Bien. A los segundos suena el teléfono de Chris y ella lo contesta al ver que es una de sus amigas, más específicamente Tina Blake. -Hola? -A que no vas a creer lo que acabo de escuchar de la misma Sue. -No me interesa, esa estúpida me abandono apenas tuvo la oportunidad. –contesto rencorosa. -Pues alégrate, porque me acabo de enterar que la muy tonta está embarazada y nada menos que de Tommy Ross. Pero lo más interesante es que, justo el día de ayer vi a Carrie White con el muy agarrados de manos y cariñosos por la calle. En ese momento Chris abrió los ojos en sorpresa para luego dar una sonrisa entre astucia y burla. -No me digas. -Si nena, creo que Tommy ya no es muy de Sue que digamos. –Dijo Tina entre risas. -Ya veo, gracias por la información; creo que le voy a dar una visita a Sue para felicitarla por su bebe. –dijo con una risa que denotaba maldad en toda su expresión. Se despidieron y colgó el teléfono. Billy la miraba con una expresión entre indiferencia y confusión. -Billy, necesito que me lleves adonde Sue, antes de irnos. -¡Estás loca¡ no escuchaste lo que dije, tenemos que irnos ya. -Lo sé pero confía en mi será una visita rápida, además creo que puedo hacer que la pequeña Sue se una a nuestra causa. -¿ah sí? ¿Cómo? -Ya lo veras. Billy dio vuelta al auto y se dirigió hacia a casa de Sue. -Espero y sepas lo que haces Chris. -Créeme, valdrá la pena. Pasaron veinticinco minutos y llegaron a casa de Sue, Billy estaciono el auto una distancia prudente para no levantar sospechas y Chris se bajo del auto. -Que sea rápido, no hay mucho tiempo. -Tranquilo, se lo que hago. Chris camino hasta la casa de Sue y llego a su puerta. Cuando estaba a punto de tocar se detuvo y pensó, que mejor no tocaría. Sus padres deben saber de ella y de lo que le hizo a Carrie porque Sue se los dijo. \"Estupida Sue\" esos eran los pensamientos de Chris hacia su antes amiga. Se dirigió hacia la parte de al lado de su casa y vio la ventana de Sue, subió por el árbol que había ahí y toco su ventana, espero hasta que vio a Sue abrirla. -¿Qué coño, Chris? ¿Qué haces aquí? –le dijo Sue entre sorprendida y molesta. -¿No vas a dejarme entrar?, estoy incomoda. Sue se hizo a un lado y dejo pasar a Chris, con una mirada recelosa. -bien Chris, ¿qué quieres? -Escuche que estas embarazada, felicidades supongo. Tommy y tú deben estar…en shock. –le dijo entre sonrisas y una voz que denotaba falsa alegría. -Mira Chris, suficiente mierda me has provocado, solo vete sí, ya no tienes nada. ¿Por qué no mejor dejas de joder y solo te disculpas? -Es gracioso que tu digas que no tengo nada, ¿Qué te dijo Tommy cuando se entero? -¿para qué quieres saberlo? -Bueno, es que me imagino que debe estar un poco incomodo, teniendo en cuenta que le gusta alguien más. -Chris, en serio, esto es lo más bajo que has caído, mentir sobre algo como eso, sabes que, no tengo tiempo, quiero que te largues. -¿Quieres saber de quién? –contesto la chica con voz inocente y falsa. -Chris… -la corto. -Es Carrie, me dijeron que la vieron ayer con Tommy agarrados de la mano, muy encariñados. -Ok esto sí es gracioso, tanto la odias que mientes sobre algo como esto? –dijo entre risas la rubia. -No me creas si no quieres pero tengo testigos, llama a Tina, ella te lo dirá todo. -¿Y por qué creería algo que ella me dijera? Ella es como tu maldita esclava, todo lo que digas ella lo hace. Chris en serio eres patética, solo vete. -Bien no me creas, pero sabes algo Sue, aun sigo siendo tu amiga, porque si no lo fuera no te contara esto. Pronto sabrás que lo que digo es verdad espero que para ese entonces no sea tarde. Ah por cierto, ¿Por qué te reíste cuando dije que Tommy le gustaba Carrie? ¿Lo ves tan imposible? Porque yo no, sabes odio admitirlo, pero Carrie se veía bien en el baile, me atrevo a decir hasta bonita, no sería sorpresa que Tommy buscara algo mas…original y genuino. Pero sabes creo que te ríes porque en el fondo la ves inferior a ti. Admítelo Sue, todo este drama de arrepentimiento, es pura mierda, eres igual que yo. Piénsalo. –termino de decir Chris mirándola a los ojos. -…Vete Chris… -contesto Sue. -Adiós Sue. –la chica salió por la ventana de donde vino, dejando atrás a una Sue confundida y asustada. ¿Qué haría si Chris decía la verdad? ¿Tommy le gustaba Carrie? No, no, Chris mentía, Carrie no era el tipo de Tommy, ella sí. Además él le dijo que la amaba, justo anoche. No Tommy la amaba a ella y solo a ella, y ella lo mantendría así. Se escuchaban los pitidos de la maquina, que indicaban los latidos del corazón de Margaret White. Bip…Bip…Bip, era el consistente sonido, sin embargo un cuerpo inconsciente yacía en la camilla; una enfermera viendo que todo estuviera en orden cumpliendo con su trabajo, sin percatarse los pensamientos profundos de aquel cuerpo que parecía sin vida. \" Yo creía que eras un cáncer\" \" Debo asesinarte niña, para acabar con el mal en ti\" \" Eres producto del pecado Carrie\" \" La mano del diablo\" \" Carrie, tú debes morir\" \" Carrie\" \" Carrie\" \" Carrie\" - ¡CARRIE! –se oyó la voz de Margaret White retumbar por toda el cuarto de hospital, ya había despertado. La enfermera tiro la bandeja del susto y corrió a buscar al doctor, para asistirla. Margaret observo con entrecerrados donde se encontraba. El hospital, conectada a maquinas y sola, Carrie no estaba ahí. No importa, Dios le daría la fuerza para encontrarla y cumplir con su deber, ella sabía que Dios estaba de su lado, solo era cuestión de tiempo. Escucho la puerta abrirse y cerrarse, supo que era el doctor sin observarlo. -Señora White, ¿Puede escucharme? –pregunto el doctor al lado de la camilla. Margaret asintió débilmente. -Muy bien, ¿Cómo se siente? ¿Tiene algún malestar? -…No… -contesto débilmente casi susurrando y con voz rasposa. -Ok, veamos. Señora White voy a revisarle la herida si le incomoda en algo pestañe dos veces. –Margaret asintió. El doctor le levanto el vestido de hospital hasta arriba de su herida en el pecho y lo toco profesionalmente. Mirando el rostro de Margaret y notando que pestaño dos veces. -Ya veo, es normal. Perdió mucha sangre señora White, es un milagro que pudimos salvarla, es mas esperábamos que no despertara dentro de un tiempo más. Margaret no lo miraba solo veía hacia el techo del cuarto. El doctor escribió algo en su libreta y se dirigió a Margaret nuevamente. -Bien señora White, me retiro la enfermera se quedara con usted y le dará la atención necesaria. ¿Necesita algo más antes de que me vaya? -…Si… -contesto con voz rasposa. -Pues dígame, ¿En qué puedo servirle señora White? -…Tráigame a…Carrie…ahora…ella…debe saber…que sigo…con vida…y que…Dios…tomara…venganza por…sus pecados. \" Carrie es hija del pecado y el pecado nunca muere\"[Chapter 6] N/A: Carrie no me pertenece, le pertenece a Stephen King. Hola! Si lo se tarde una vida, les pido disculpas por eso, estaba de vacaciones con mi familia y no hace mucho llegue a casa, es mas llegue ayer, pero hoy me tome un pequeño tiempo para darles este mini capi que creo esta mas corto que los otros pero como saben, últimamente no tengo tiempo :S. Pero weno igual no me voy a rendir hasta terminarlo. Disfruten y recuerden si tienen un consejo o algo plis díganmelo, el propósito es mejorar. ;) Bye! Te Necesito Capitulo 6 Ya habían pasado dos días desde la conversación con los padres de Tommy y los de Sue, al principio los padres de la chica estaban más que indignados por ver a su \"pequeña\" embarazada por Tommy, pero después de oír el \"yo me encargare del bebe\" todo estuvo bien. Todo quedo en cierta paz por así decirlo; excepto para Tommy. Quería literalmente saltar de un edificio y no despertar, joder, el no estaba listo para ser padre y menos de un bebe que viene de una chica a la que él no quiere! Pero la jodio y ahora la está pagando. Sue lo invito a salir un rato y el no pudo decir que no, por mucho que quisiera. Así que en este preciso instante se encontraba en el centro comercial, con Sue de la mano hablando de sabrá Dios que cosas, hace quince minutos no le ponía atención. Y para empeorar su día, no había visto a Carrie en toda la mañana. -…pensé en pedirle a mama que el cuarto el bebe, fuera de color amarillo, no le dije ni azul ni rosa porque aun no sabemos el sexo y yo…¿Tommy? ¿Me estas escuchando? -…¿Ah?, oh si claro, sigue, solo estaba un poco distraído. -Tommy…sé que esto no es fácil para ti, tampoco lo es para mí, pero esto iba a ocurrir eventualmente, solo nos adelantamos un poco. –dijo la rubia con una sonrisa en su cara. -¿Un poco? ¡Sue, esto no debía pasar, joder, no estoy listo y mucho menos tu! Ha pasado media hora y de lo único de lo que has hablado es de cómo será su cuarto o de que ropa le compraras, ¿te has preguntado de dónde diablos vamos a sacar el dinero para mantenerlo? ¿o de cuánto costaría comprarle lo necesario para comer, además de sus cuidados médicos? –dijo Tommy con una voz que denotaba ira y frustración. -¡Pues si tienes razón, tal vez no estamos listos, pero este es nuestro bebe Tommy y no me importa lo que pienses o lo que diga la gente, es nuestro y voy a tenerlo y nos encargaremos de criarlo JUNTOS! –contesto una frustrada Sue. Tommy la miro por un momento entre sorprendido y triste, esa palabra, JUNTOS, no le gustaba; no cuando era con ella. Se dio la vuelta y empezó a caminar dejando parada a Sue con una mirada triste, hasta que se detuvo. -¿Y si yo no quiero criarlo juntos? –soltó Tommy en un murmuro casi audible. -¿Qué? -Nada. Vamos te llevare a casa. Tommy siguió caminando, aun dándole a Sue la espalda. Mientras que la chica tenía un dolor en su corazón y una incertidumbre en su pecho. Ella sabía muy en su interior que Chris tenía razón pero no quería creerlo; ella amaba a Tommy como nadie en el mundo, y no quería estar sola con un bebe lo necesitaba, así que haría lo que estuviera en sus manos para mantenerlo con ella. Llegaron a casa de Sue en silencio, con un ambiente pesado en sus espaldas, ya no había ninguna clase de interacción a estas alturas. -Te veo después Sue. -¡Espera! Tommy se detuvo, dándole la espalda. -¿No quieres pasar un rato?, no hemos hablado mucho desde lo del baile. –cometo Sue con una sonrisa nerviosa. -…Sue, ahora mismo, estoy cansado, hablamos mañana. –El sabía que estaba siendo un idiota, pero es que quería que ella entendiera que lo de ellos ya se había acabado. -Tommy…¿Sabes que te amo, cierto? -…Lo sé…adiós Sue. Siguió su camino sin mirar atrás, dejando a una Sue con ojos llenos de lagrimas, porque sabía que lo suyo no duraría mucho. Tommy llego a casa, con un dolor de cabeza que ninguna patilla le quitaría; lo único que quería era tomar un baño cenar e irse a la cama. Pero primero necesitaba ver a Carrie. Entro a la casa buscando a Carrie por todos lados y no la vio en ningún lugar, busco entonces a su madre, para preguntarle, y la vio saliendo del cuarto de lavandería. -Mama, ¿has visto a Carrie? -Se fue al hospital, su madre despertó. -¡¿Qué?! ¿Y porque nadie me dijo nada? -Bueno, estabas con Sue, pensé que no querías que te molestaran, además es mejor que ella y su madre se vean a solas. Tu padre la llevo al hospital. -Voy a ir. -No, no lo harás. Ella se está independizando poco a poco Tommy, eso es lo que necesita, abrirse al mundo y si estas con ella siempre le resultara más difícil, ¿entiendes? -Pero mama ella… -Va a estar bien, Carrie es una chica muy fuerte, más de lo que crees. Tranquilo, todo se va a arreglar, ella siempre nos tendrá Tommy, no te preocupes. Carrie llego al hospital, la habían llamado diciendo que su madre estaba despierta, eso la alegro al mismo tiempo que le preocupo, de algo estaba segura, esta noche las cosas serian muy distintas entre ella y su madre. Entro al cuarto casi con temor, su madre tenía los ojos cerrados, por lo que supuso estaba dormida. Se le acerco poco a poco y le toco s mano. -¿Mama? Su madre abrió los ojos casi al instante, y miro a su derecha lentamente. -Ahí estas, Carrie, pequeña. -Hola mama. -¿Has hecho tus oraciones niña? -Si mama, todas dirigidas para ti, me preocupe mucho por ti. -Me alegro. ¿Y pediste que Dios tomara tu vida por las cosas que has hecho, pequeña bruja? –la voz de Margaret cambio radicalmente a una calmada a una que denotaba odio e ira. -Mama. Por favor, ya basta. No soy una bruja. -¡Eres semilla del diablo, maldita Jezabel, el infierno te consumirá! -¡Ya basta Mama¡ Las luces del cuarto empezaron a parpadear y los objetos a moverse y caerse de sus lugares. -Ahora escúchame bien, ya no soy la misma, no permitiré que me hagas daño ni a mí ni a nadie. Si quieres ver a una bruja mama, entonces eso te daré, si vuelves a llamarme de esa manera me oyes. –la voz de Carrie se había convertido en la voz de una mujer segura y llena de ira. La cama en la que estaba su madre empezó a levitar a casi un metro del suelo, para luego caer haciendo sonar un ruido sordo que retumbo entre las paredes de la habitación y fuera de ella, porque al instante, entro el doctor con dos enfermeras, a verificar que todo estaba bien. -¡Srita. White! ¿Está todo bien aquí? –grito un poco alterado el doctor. -Sí, perfectamente. Yo ya me voy, cuiden a mi mama por favor. –dijo calmadamente, la chica, mientras salía de la habitación. Llego a casa de Tommy y fue directo a su habitación, se vio en el espejo en la pared y vio sus ojos completamente negros. Carrie se toco su cara, y se asusto de ella misma, de lo que su poder le hacía, ella no quería decirle nada de eso a su madre, pero las palabras salían solas, tal vez su madre tenía razón y ella era un demonio. Se miro de nuevo y sus ojos regresaron a ese azul común de ella. Tomo el teléfono y marco un número, esto era lo mejor. Tommy entro al cuarto de Carrie y la vio empacando su ropa. La miraba moverse de aquí y allá sin notar su presencia. -¿Carrie? –La chica se detuvo, y miro hacia la puerta sorprendida. -…Tommy -¿Qué haces? -…Yo…creo que…será mejor irme. Llame a la Srita. Desjardin y le pregunte si puedo quedarme con ella y accedió, así que me voy. -¡¿Qué?! ¡¿Por qué?! –dijo el muchacho, alterado. -Porque es lo mejor, Tommy. Tú y tu familia ya tienen problemas suficientes como para lidiar conmigo y yo no quiero ser una carga. Mejor me voy y así todo estará bien. Me vendrá a buscar en veinte minutos así que mejor recojo todo. Tommy la miraba entre sorprendido y enojado, no quería que ella se fuera. Ella era lo único que lo hacía feliz. Se acerco a ella y la tomo de la muñeca y la hizo voltearse y la beso, fue un beso rudo y fuerte. Todas sus frustraciones estaban en ese beso, quería mostrarle que la necesitaba con él, y esta fue la única manera que encontró. Carrie hacia fuerzas para detenerlo y viendo que no podía alejarlo, hizo amago de su poder y lo empujo lo suficientemente lejos. -Basta Tommy, ya basta. –dijo la chica en un susurro y con lagrimas en los ojos. –No quiero esto, no así. -Carrie, escucha yo te… -¡detente! No lo digas, no ahora. Tu vas a ser padre, ella te necesita y yo debo irme así debe ser. Lo nuestro fue solo un cuento de hadas y un baile de graduación nada más. La chica ya había terminado de empacar al decir esto. Tomo su maleta y se la puso en la espalda. -Carrie, arreglare esto, lo juro pero no te vayas, por favor. –dijo casi suplicando. -No Tommy, esto es tu responsabilidad, no se arregla lidias con ello. –la chica paso al lado de Tommy y salió del cuarto. Bajo las escaleras y vio al Sr. Ross sentado viendo un partido de futbol y a la Sra. Ross en la cocina, así que se dirigió primero hacia ella. -Sra. Ross… -Si, Carrie…¿Y esa maleta cariño? -A eso venia, me voy a casa de la Srita. Desjardin; me viene a buscar, se que ustedes tienen mucho con lo que lidiar y yo no quiero ser una carga ni una entrometida, además de tengo mis propios problemas, espero pueda entenderme. Y le agradezco por todo lo que ha hecho por mí en serio, no sé cómo pagarle todo esto. -Primero jovencita, usted no es una carga, nunca lo fue y segundo no me debes nada, eres una increíble muchacha Carrie, pero esto es tu decisión y la respeto. Solo recuerda que cuentas con nosotros no importa que. –dijo la Sra. Ross con una sonrisa en su cara, mientras que le acariciaba la mejilla. -Gracias. A los veinte minutos, sonó el timbre y llego la Srita. Desjardin. Carrie se despidió del Sr. Ross con un apretón de manos y de la Sra. Ross con un abrazo. Vio a Tommy en la sala mirando hacia ella con una mirada que decía \"quédate\" pero ella no podía, aunque quisiera. Se acerco a él y le dio un beso en la mejilla, para luego darse la vuelta e irse. Se subió al auto de la Srita. Desjardin, y miro por última vez la casa de Tommy, con una lagrima saliendo de su ojo izquierdo, sin saber que lo mismo le ocurría a Tommy mientras que sentía como su corazón era partido en dos. En el hospital se veía a Margaret con una mirada vacía, dirigida al techo. Tenía que apresurarse, Carrie ya estaba cambiando, hoy se lo demostró, pronto sería muy poderosa y ella no tendría la oportunidad para matarla. Metida en este hospital, no iba a lograrlo, tenía que escapar; ya había perdido mucho tiempo y el tiempo no espera a nadie. Ella tenía que cumplir con la voluntad divina de Dios. Metida en sus pensamientos escucho como la puerta se habría y veía a un hombre junto con su doctor. No le interesaba quien era, solo quería saber si la podía sacar de aquí. -Buenas noches Margaret. Te tengo otra visita, es el detective Upshur, vino a hacerte unas preguntas. -¿Me va a sacar de aquí? Los hombres se miraron entre ellos y volvieron su mirada hacia ella. -No Margaret, aun no. Solo vino a investigar tu caso. –No hubo respuesta por parte de la paciente. El doctor miro al detective con una mirada significativa y salió de la habitación. El detective se sentó en una silla cerca de la paciente y saco su libreta. -Bueno Sra. White, sé que esto la abruma así que no le daré muchas vueltas. Su hija y su novio… -¿Novio? –interrumpió la mujer mirándolo a los ojos. -Sí, Tommy Ross. El es su novio, en realidad no me sorprende que no lo supiera el me dijo que en toda la relación con su hija, jamás lo llevo a su casa para conocerlo. -¡Ha! Jezabel… -murmuro la mujer con una sonrisa casi demente en su rostro. -…Si, bueno; como decía, solo vine a leerle el testimonio de su hija y usted me dirá si es correcto o no ¿Cree que pueda hacerlo Sra. White? –La mujer no contesto. –Bien. En un tren, camino al pueblo de Chamberlain, se encontraba un hombre con un solo propósito, arreglar las cosas que el mismo destruyo. Tenía una foto con en su mano, de un bebe hermoso con una mujer que en su tiempo era hermosa, recordaba que él había tomado esa foto, días antes de salir huyendo, de esa vida, no sabía, ni siquiera recordaba porque lo había hecho, porque huyo pero ya estaba aquí y arreglaría las cosas. Esta vez todo sería diferente. \" Carrie, no estas sola\"[Chapter 7] N/A: Carrie no me pertenece, le pertenece a Stephen King. Hola Hola¡ que alegría volver XD Bueno primero lo primero, le agradezco mucho a mis lectoras: DianaLauraHPFan y a PamPotterEvans, porque sin ustedes y sus hermosisimos reviews no hubiera seguido esto. De verdad me dan la fuerza para continuar a seguir y quiero decirles que aunque no las conozca en persona son super especiales para mi :) Así que este y todos los capis que vengan son para ustedes señoritas bellas, disfrútenlo ;) Te necesito Capitulo 7 Me encontraba mirando por la ventana; estaba lloviendo. El cielo se veía tan gris y oscuro, perfecto para describir lo destrozada que me encontraba ahora. Hace media hora, la señorita Desjardin y yo habíamos llegado a su casa, me dio la habitación de huéspedes que tenia. Ella vivía sola, me sorprendió pues la señorita Desjardin no es fea, incluso me atrevo a decir que atractiva y buena persona, no se porque alguien como ella no tendría pareja. Bueno igual no es mi problema, me gusta su compañía ella siempre fue buena conmigo, pero aun así yo…solo quisiera ver a Tommy otra vez. -¿Carrie? La cena esta lista. – escuche la voz de Desjardin romper mis pensamientos. -¿Ah? Oh, sí. Voy en un minuto. -Ok. Por cierto, ¿estas cómoda? ¿Te gusta tu habitación? -Sí, claro señorita Desjardin, le agradezco. -No es nada cariño, además, no me hará mal un poco de compañía, hace tiempo que estoy sola. –contesto con una sonrisa en su rostro. Yo solo pude dar una leve sonrisa, no tenia ánimos de nada. -Haber, ¿qué pasa cariño? Has estado muy decaída desde que llegamos, ¿te paso algo de lo que necesites hablar? –me dijo la Srta. Desjardin, sentándose a mi lado en la cama. Yo no quería decírselo, no es que no confiara en ella, pero ¿Qué le diría? \"Lo que pasa es que estoy enamorada de Tommy que es novio de Sue y que pronto tendrá un bebe, que por cierto es de él\". Toda esa oración tenía un gran \"INCORRECTO\" en todos lados, además de lo que pasó con mama en el hospital, algo tomo fuerza en mí, aun lo siento, y eso dentro de mí, tiene mucha…ira. Tengo miedo, mucho miedo; y estoy sola. -Señorita Desjardin…si usted tuviera un poder…un poder que la mayoría de las personas temerían y además que usted sabría que puede herirlos ¿Qué haría? –la vi mirarme entre sorprendida e incrédula, para luego sonreír. -Bueno Carrie, primero los poderes, en sí, no son malos ni buenos, es como usas tu el poder. Si hago cosas malas, obvio mi poder será negativo, pero si trato de hacer lo correcto, no creo que haya problema. -Pero ¿y si es un poder tan grande, que a veces no puede controlar o no sabe cómo? -Entonces fácil, aprende a controlarlo. Las emociones, pueden ser controladas Carrie, todo lo que tienes que hacer es averiguar cómo. –me quede pensativa en eso ultimo, tal vez la señorita Desjardin tenía razón. Tal vez mi poder no era el problema, tal vez lo eran mis emociones. –Pero comamos nena, me muero de hambre. –dijo entre risas Desjardin, y yo no pude evitar contagiarme y acompañarla a cenar. La cena pasó entre conversaciones triviales y risas, la señorita Desjardin me hacía sentir muy bien, pero aun así, yo no podía evitar pensar en Tommy, Dios, dame fuerzas para no caer en pecado, Tommy es novio de Sue y yo…yo soy la chica que llevo al baile y eso es todo. Termine de cenar y me fui a dar un baño después de que la señorita Desjardin me indicara donde estaba. Estaba en la bañera y no pude evitar quedarme dormida; en el sueño escuche una voz llamarme, era una voz de hombre, pero de un hombre maduro, me sentía tranquila, en paz, me decía que no estaba sola y que él me cuidaría, le pregunte quien era y no hubo respuesta…solo risas, de chicas. Me vi rodeada de las chica riéndose de mí, mire hacia abajo y vi sangre en mis piernas. Vi a Chris y a Sue acercarse y empujarme, hacia atrás, les pedía que se detuvieran, que me ayudaran, pero solo contestaron… \"a los fenómenos se les elimina\" para luego sentir un dolor agudo en mi abdomen, Chris me había apuñalado. Desperté gritando y cuando mire al frente el agua de la bañera se elevaba en el aire y las luces parpadeaban, cerré los ojos y me tranquilice, a lo lejos escucho la voz de la Desjardin gritando mi nombre; a los segundos toca la puerta y pregunta si estoy bien. -¡Estoy bien, es que casi resbalo! -le dije tratando de hacer sonar mi voz lo más normal posible. -¡Bueno, ten cuidado ok?! -¡Ok¡ Me levante de la bañera, con lágrimas en los ojos, tome mi toalla y me mire en el espejo. Mis ojos volvían a ser negros, el espejo se empezó a desquebrajar, al igual que mi corazón. ¿Por qué no puedo ser normal? Salí del baño, y me fui a mi cuarto, me cambie y me acosté. Demasiadas emociones por un día. -Bien, eso es todo. Gracias por su tiempo señora White. –Salí de ahí consternado y asustado. Esta mujer, o estaba loca o los medicamentos le estaban haciendo efecto. En todos mis años como detective, no había escuchado tantos disparates; esta mujer afirmaba que su hija era un demonio que debía ser destruido y no solo eso que tenía poderes de telequinesis. ¡Por todos los cielos! Yo hable con esa niña, era totalmente inofensiva, incluso hasta insegura. Lo que esta mujer describía era un monstruo y tenía la ferviente creencia en que su muerte era lo mejor. Esta mujer hablaba como si esto fuera una misión divina, sonaba peor que un fanático religioso, sonaba como un psicópata con obsesión por ver a su víctima muerta. Algo si es seguro, me metido en una profunda mierda con este caso. Llegue a mi apartamento, vivía solo, ¡que sorpresa!. Estaba casado antes pero, bueno cuando eres buen detective, eres mal esposo o eso dicen, en fin, nunca tuve hijos. Fui a la cocina y tome una cerveza de la nevera me quite el chaleco y lo deje en el sillón, para después sentarme en el. Tome la laptop de mi maleta y la encendí. Empecé a hacer lo que mejor hago investigar; busque toda la información sobre Margaret White; salió lo básico, casada, con una hija, trabajaba en una lavandería, etc. Así que indague mas, creció en una familia religiosa, de ahí viene su creencia tan fuerte en Dios, ángeles y demonios, bueno en algo se tiene que creer. En mi caso Dios, no es una de mis \"opciones\" no con tanta mierda que he visto, en este mundo. Bueno, al grano, se caso con un tal Ralph White, el padre de Carrie, pero aquí estaba la pregunta ¿Dónde estaba ese tipo? Y ¿Por qué se fue de repente?, seguí investigando y ¡Bingo! Margaret White fue diagnosticada con esquizofrenia, cuando era joven. Bueno ahora sé que esta mujer necesita ayuda urgente. De lo que me pregunto, es ¿Cómo esta mujer pudo criar a una niña, tan buena y sana de mente como Carrie? ¡Ha! Tal Vez Dios si exista. Aun quedaba la duda de ¿donde carajos estaba Ralph White? Me baje del tren tenía una sola maleta, no planeaba quedarme mucho tiempo. Camine por la estación de trenes hasta salir a la calle, tome un taxi. -Hacia donde viejo. –pregunto el conductor, que se notaba, era un muchacho joven. -Centro de Chamberlain, Calle cuarenta y dos por favor. –conteste. El taxi empezó a conducir, y yo tenía esa sensación en mi estomago, de incertidumbre. ¿Cómo reaccionarían ambas al verme? Después de tantos años. De Margaret tenía una idea lo llamaría hijo del diablo, probablemente hasta le pegaría, igual no venia por ella, solo por Carrie. ¿Cómo sería? ¿Estaría bien? ¿Cómo reaccionaría ella al verlo? Dios, tanto tiempo lejos; yo no sé nada de ella. La deje siendo una bebe y no mire atrás, y ahora me arrepiento de ello. Solo espero que no sea demasiado tarde. El taxi entro por mi calle, veía las casas, algunas habían cambiado desde que me fue otras no tanto, hasta que vi la que quería. -Aquí es. –Dije con voz cadenciosa. -Son diez dólares con noventa y nueve centavos. –Dijo el tipo despreocupado. -Aquí tiene, quédese con el cambio. -Gracias, viejo. Salí del auto, y corrí hacia el pórtico, la lluvia había aumentado desde que llegue. Me pare frente a la puerta y el corazón se me quería salir del pecho. Llego la hora, el momento que temía y deseaba tanto al mismo tiempo. Vi las luces apagadas ¿estarían dormidas? Toque suavemente, pero lo suficiente para ser escuchado; no hubo respuesta. Toque de nuevo un poco más fuerte, no hubo respuesta. Tome la perilla y le di vuelta…la puerta estaba abierta. Entre a paso lento, en medio de la oscuridad, sin nada más que el ruido de la lluvia y truenos como fondo. -¿Hola? ¿Margaret? ¿Hay alguien? –No hubo respuesta. Empecé a tantear la pared en medio de la oscuridad y encontré el interruptor, encendí la luz y vi lo que menos quería ver en ese momento. Rastros de sangre en la alfombra, una puerta con una grieta enorme en ella, y un cuchillo con más sangre en el suelo. No, no, no ¡Dios, no¡ Que no sea muy tarde, por favor, que Carrie esté bien. Subí corriendo al segundo piso y busque en todos los cuartos, no había ni un alma, nada. Salí de la casa, con la respiración acelerada. Ahora que hago?, no sé donde están, no sé si están bien, no sé qué hacer. Nunca me había sentido tan impotente en toda mi vida y hice lo primero que se me ocurrió. Ir a la casa de algún vecino y preguntar que ocurrió. Corrí en medio de la lluvia a la casa continua y toque la puerta, con desesperación, se escucho un ya voy, con fastidio, pero no me importaba en lo mas mínimo, solo quería encontrar a mi hija. Salió una mujer, en bata y pantuflas, con cara de no querer hablar con nadie, pero no podía rendirme no ahora. -Disculpe que la moleste, pero me podría decir ¿qué ocurrió en la casa de al lado? -…¿Y usted es? –dijo con desconfianza. -Un amigo cercano de Margaret, por favor juro que me iré solo necesito saber que ocurrió y donde están. –dije con desesperación en mi voz. La mujer me miro desconfiada y suspiro. -Bueno, no se los detalles, solo que Margaret se volvió loca e intento asesinar a su hija o algo, por ir a su baile de graduación con un chico, ella siempre fue reservada, al parecer la chica se defendió e hirió a su madre de gravedad.- Yo no podía creer lo que escuchaba, Margaret que has hecho. -Me podría decir, ¿Dónde está la chica y su madre ahora?-mi voz sonaba quebrada, de los nervios. -Bueno, a su madre se la llevaron al hospital Saint Joseph, y a la chica la vi irse en un auto creo que con el chico que fue al baile. -¿Sabe quién era ese chico o donde vive?- pregunte desesperado. -No lo siento. -Ok, gracias. –me fui y camine a la parada de auto bus. Si quería conseguir a Carrie, tenía que conseguir a Margaret. Tome el primer autobús que paso, me dejo cerca del hospital por lo que llegue caminando, entre acelerado y fui directo a la recepcionista. -Disculpe, vengo a visitar a Margaret White. -Lo siento las horas de visita son de 7:00 a 7:30, no puede…-la corte. -Señorita es importante que la vea, por favor. -Lo siento señor, no puede.- suspire, tenía que pensar. -¿Puedo al menos hablar con el doctor?- la mujer me miro con desconfianza, pero luego tomo el teléfono. -Un momento. –marco un numero y espere. -Vendrá en unos minutos. -Muchas gracias. –le respondí aliviado. A los veinte minutos llega un hombre con en bata blanca y se me acerca, presumo es el doctor de Margaret. -Hola, usted es el que me llamo, ¿cierto? -Sí, usted… es el doctor de Margaret White. -Sí señor. ¿En qué puedo ayudarle? -Necesito que me diga si conoce a mi hija Carrie. -¿Espere, usted es su padre?! –me dijo incrédulo, el doctor. -Si, por favor necesito que me diga todo lo que pueda de Carrie, necesito encontrarla. -Señor hasta hace una semana yo creía que usted estaba muerto y creo…su hija también. Ella fue la que me lo dijo. Vera, Margaret estaba en coma hasta hace dos días. Por lo que su hija tuvo que quedarse con la familia de su novio, por lo que presumo. -¿Novio? –¿Carrie tenía novio? -Sí, señor. Bueno por lo que pude ver. El siempre estaba con ella, no la dejaba sola, excepto una vez, que vi a la señorita Carrie venir sola a ver a su madre. -¿Me…me podría decir el nombre de ese muchacho? y si tiene si dirección por favor, de verdad necesito encontrar a mi hija. -Creo que se llamaba Tommy, si ese era Tommy Ross. Su dirección no la tengo, pero tengo el número de su madre y de la señorita Carrie si aun lo quiere. -Sí, sí por favor. El doctor me dio el número de ambos, lo grabe en mi celular y agradecí por última vez al doctor, antes de salir del hospital. Me pare afuera y tome el celular, pensé en llamar directo a Carrie, pero luego recordé que ella me creía muerto y lo último que quería era que creyera que esto era una broma de mal gusto. No podía creer que Margaret le dijera que había muerto, es que no era racional, pero que se puede esperar de una mujer con la enfermedad de Margaret. Opte por marcar al número de la madre del novio de Carrie, Dios cuanto tiempo ha pasado, y ya mi hija tiene novio, increíble. Marque el numero y sonó el pitido dos veces antes de escuchar la voz de una mujer. -¿Hola? -Sí, hola es…es usted la madre de Tommy Ross. -…Si, ¿Quién habla? –respondió con desconfianza la mujer. -Lo siento, soy Ralph White…el padre de Carrie. \" Estoy aquí Carrie, todo estará bien\"[Chapter 8] N/A: Carrie no me pertenece, le pertenece a Stephen King. Hoooooola, vengo con algo nuevo chicas y quiero que sepan que desde aquí viene la acción. Las cosas se pondran un poco dificiles para Carrie y Tommy, pero es en lo dificil que uno se da cuenta si es amor lo que se siente o no ;). Buaaaano igual, espero les guste mis hermosas se les quiere y disfruten. :D P.S.: La esclerótica es la parte blanca del ojo por si no lo saben. (Se darán cuenta de porque digo esto a medida que lean) Te necesito Capitulo 8 -…¿Perdón?; disculpe es que me pareció escuchar mal, escuche que me acaba de decir que usted es el padre de Carrie. –contesto la mujer con una voz que denotaba incredulidad y sarcasmo. -Señora escuche; sé que esto le suena a una broma cruel pero no lo es. Solo quiero encontrarla y usted es la única persona que puede ayudarme; por favor, si quiere puedo ir a verla, donde usted quiera, pero por favor déjeme ver a mi hija. –le conteste al borde del llanto. Se escucho un vació en el teléfono, por un rato, creí que a lo mejor había colgado, hasta que la volví a escuchar. -Venga a mi casa, estaré esperándolo afuera. La dirección es calle 30 b sur, centro de Chamberlain. -Muchas gracias, no tiene ni idea de lo mucho que aprecio esto. -No me lo agradezca aun, si veo o siento que esto es una broma cruel o algún plan para hacerle daño a esa pobre niña yo misma me encargare de que se pudra en la cárcel. –luego de eso, colgó. Mire el teléfono en mi mano y aunque esa mujer me acaba de insultar, no puede evitar sonreír. Me alegraba saber que había gente allá afuera que apreciaba y cuidaba a mi hija. Tome un taxi y le dije la dirección, con los nervios a flor de piel, estaba tan cerca de verla; no podía rendirme ahora. No podía creer lo que acababa de escuchar, ¡este hombre decía ser el padre de Carrie!. Ese mismo padre al que todos creíamos muerto. ¡Dios! Esto era increíble, mi cabeza daba vueltas no lo podía creer. Tome el teléfono y llame al único hombre en el que podía confiar esta información. Marque el número y espere hasta escuchar la voz de un hombre. -Habla Upshur. -Detective, le tengo información, sobre…el padre de Carrie. Estaba en mi cuarto con el corazón devastado. Tenía rabia interna, Carrie se había ido y lo más probable es que no quería saber nada de mi; no podía culparla, mi vida es un desastre en estos momentos, iba a ser padre y no tenía idea de cómo hacer eso y por otro lado tenia a Sue: una chica que no amaba pero que necesitaba mi ayuda para criar a mi hijo ¡Joder! Me levante de la cama y baje a la cocina para servirme un poco de agua. Escucho la voz de mama por teléfono, pero no le pongo atención, claro eso fue hasta que escuche el nombre \"Carrie\" salir de su boca. Me acerque un poco mas adonde estaba y pude escuchar mejor. -Sí, si él está viniendo a mi casa en este momento…sonaba bastante seguro detective…la verdad no se qué creer, recuerdo muy bien cuando Carrie dijo que su padre había muerto y ahora que este hombre venga y diga que es su padre así de la nada…. Mis ojos se abrieron tanto que se querían salir de órbita, ¿El padre de Carrie, está vivo? Y ¿viene hacia acá? Escuche a mi mama despedirse y colgar el teléfono, no podía moverme estaba en shock. Mi madre se dio la vuelta y me vio parado en medio de la sala, con la mirada clavada en el suelo. -…Tommy? Tommy escucha, este es un tema muy delicado así que necesito que lo lleves con prudencia si? Si este hombre es quien dice ser, muchas cosas van a cambiar, no le dirijas la palabra cuando venga déjame hablar a mí con el entendiste? –la mire por unos minutos, y luego asentí, la verdad no tenia las fuerzas para discutir nada ahora. Mi mama subió las escaleras, creo que para llamar a papa, me imagino no quería estar sola con el hombre que se hacía llamar a sí mismo el padre de Carrie. ¿Por qué ahora, después de tanto, este hombre decide aparecer? No lo sé, pero algo es seguro…todo va a cambiar desde ahora en adelante. Vi a mama bajar con papa, ella salió y se paro al borde de la calle mientras yo y papa esperábamos en la sala claro no sin estar pendientes de ella. Las cosas entre papa y yo no han estado muy bien desde lo de Sue, pero con esto, esa es la ultima de nuestras preocupaciones. A los 25 minutos más o menos un taxi se detiene afuera de la casa, de ahí baja un hombre no le puedo ver la cara muy bien por falta de luz además que es de noche. Lo veo intercambiar algunas palabras con mama y veo como ella señala nuestra casa, me imagino para que entre. El tipo viene detrás de mama con una maleta en su mano y con la cabeza baja, mama viene delante de él, se están acercando a la entrada, siento mi cuerpo tensarse al imaginar a ese hombre en mi casa, es una sensación entre rabia y confusión. Rabia: por haber dejado a Carrie a su suerte y confusión: por haberse ido sin decir nada. En fin ya están aquí, ahora puedo verlo su cabello es castaño oscuro, pero sus ojos son azules profundes iguales a los de Carrie, es alto como de un metro ochenta y cinco, se le veía nervioso y ansioso, me imagino por encontrar a Carrie. Mi madre le dijo que tomara asiento, yo y mi padre no le quitábamos los ojos de encima. Se sentó en un sillón para uno y puso la maleta en el suelo, alzo la vista y nos miro a todos, uno por uno, hasta que llego a mí, se detuvo en mí, me miraba con interés y me dio luego de unos minutos una sonrisa breve. Salí de mis cavilaciones para escuchar la voz de mama, dirigirse al hombre sentado en nuestra sala. -Bien, ya estamos aquí. Empecemos por la parte en la que usted aparece luego de 17 años, del nacimiento de su hija. ¿Por qué desapareció señor White? -Primero deben saber algo: Yo amo a Carrie desde el momento en que abrió sus ojos e incluso hubo en tiempo en el que ame a su madre, pero algo en mi vida me impedía tener una vida normal con ellas. En ese entonces y aun ahora lo que está pasando en mi vida, es algo que ninguna persona entendería, al menos que viera lo que puedo hacer; por eso tuve que irme tenía que darle la oportunidad a Carrie de tener una vida normal, sin problemas, sin que la llamaran fenómeno…como por algún tiempo lo hicieron conmigo. –la voz del hombre se escuchaba quebrada, con sentimientos fuertes de tristeza. Yo no pude evitar preguntar aunque me imaginaba por donde venia el tema. -¿Qué es eso, que puede hacer? -¡Je! No me creerías si te lo dijera. -¿Cómo mover cosas con la mente? ¿Hacer que cosas, que una persona normal no puede? ¿Es eso? –le pregunte queriendo que me contestara directamente y queriendo entender lo que le pasaba a Carrie. En ese momento tocaron la puerta de la casa. Mi madre se levanto a recibir a la persona que acababa de llegar. Al momento en la sala estaba el detective Upshur, con una cara que no denotaba nada, como todo un maldito profesional. -Buenas noches. Sr. White, cierto? -Si… -Bien, voy a necesitar que venga conmigo a la comisaria. Necesito hacerle unas preguntas. -¿Disculpe? Lo siento pero, en este momento no puedo. –Contesto con voz firme, el señor White. -Usted es el que no entiende señor. Hace unas semanas todos creían que estaba muerto y usted de un día para otro se aparece, diciendo que quiere ver a su hija. Yo estoy a cargo del caso de su hija y su esposa por lo que si usted no quiere quedar detenido por toda una noche le sugiero que levante su maldito trasero del sillón y venga conmigo pacíficamente. –contesto el hombre ya cabreado. -Detective…le sugiero por favor se siente, le contestare todo lo que quiera pero no voy a moverme de este lugar. –contesto White con una voz que denotaba una calma falsa, pues aun en un tono bajo se notaba lo peligroso que esto se tornaría. -Sabe que no tengo tiempo para esta mierda ¡Arriba las ma… -esa oración no pudo ser terminada ya que al momento de apuntar su arma al señor White (que aun seguía sentado en el sillón) el arma voló de las manos del detective hasta la pared al otro lado de la sala, creando un sonido sordo mientras que mis padres tenían los ojos fuera de órbita. Mis sospechas fueron confirmadas, este no solo era el padre biológico de Carrie, sino que también, era la razón de los poderes de Carrie. Mis pensamientos fueron cortados al ver a White levantarse del sillón de forma lenta pero que denotaba peligro, se irguió completamente y cuando los hizo sus ojos eran completamente negros ni siquiera se veía su esclerótica, todo era negro; se fue acercando lentamente a lo que era un detective sorprendido y en shock hasta quedar frente a frente. -Le voy a pedir otra vez, detective. Tome-Asiento. –su voz aun era calma pero baja y profunda, como la de un animal dando aviso de su furia –Por favor –ahora su voz volvía a ser calma y normal, en ese momento recordé a Carrie en la graduación, fue la misma reacción que tuvo. El detective solo asintió, y se sentó casi temblando lo mismo hicieron mis padres, yo solo lo seguía mirando, y créanme que me estuviera cagando el pantalón si no fuera porque ya vi a Carrie mostrar sus poderes. -Bien. Necesito que se calmen, no quiero hacer daño a nadie, pero mi prioridad es mi hija, solo quiero encontrarla es todo. Les contare todo lo juro, incluyendo lo que acaba de pasar, pero por favor no quiero que nadie más lo sepa. –Dijo con una voz que denotaba desesperación. -Lo prometo, mis padres también. Se por lo que usted paso, porque Carrie también está pasando por eso y créame que quiero ayudarla tanto como usted. –conteste con voz firme, ya no tenía miedo. Mis padres me miraban en shock, luego hablaría con ellos. -Gracias. Empezare desde el principio. Conocí a Margaret cuando tenía 23 años y ella 21, íbamos a la misma iglesia, nos enamoramos y nos cazamos; claro que antes sus padres me explicaron que sufría de esquizofrenia pero que estaba controlada por los medicamentos y que no había tenido un ataque desde que tenía 15 años. Decidí aceptarla, digo que era lo peor que podía pasar, además ella estaba con los medicamentos, todo estaba bien. Al principio todo era perfecto, hasta que quedo embarazada; yo tuve miedo. Desde niño he tenido estos poderes, mis padres se dieron cuenta y empezaron a pedir ayuda, fueron a los medios dejando mensajes a la gente de si alguien podía ayudarme, ayudarlos a entender lo que me pasaba, pero nada; hasta que llego la CIA me llevaron con ellos, me entrenaron, me estudiaron y luego me usaron como arma para ellos mismos, a los dieciocho descubrí que no era nada más que un conejillo de indias en un juego de armas. Me hicieron usar mis poderes para asesinar gente a la que se le consideraba una amenaza para los Estados Unidos, vi mujeres hombre y niños morir…por mi culpa. Escape de la CIA y hui yendo de ciudad en ciudad, de pueblo en pueblo, hasta llegar a Margaret. Al principio pensé que ella era mi escape, cuando nació Carrie, no sé cómo, pero la CIA dio con ellas y querían a Carrie para usarla como me usaron a mí. No podía permitirlo, así que una noche, pensando que era lo mejor me fui y las deje solas, claro que despiste a la CIA; hasta ahora. La están buscando, la quieren, por eso vine, tengo que protegerla de ellos y de cualquiera que quiera hacerle daño. Todos en la sala estábamos en shock, si no conociera mejor diría que lo saco de una película de ciencia ficción, pero viendo las pruebas no podía dudar. Mis pensamientos se cortaron cuando escuche al detective Upshur hablar. -No puedo creer que esto esté pasando. –se levanto de su asiento y empezó a caminar de un lado a otro. –Me estás diciendo que lo que dijo Margaret White sobre su hija ¿es cierto? Sobre poderes y ¿todo eso? -Si, pero Margaret no debe verla, está enferma y le hará daño, tengo que llevármela. Conmigo estará segura. -Wow wow wow, no puedes irte a ningún lado amigo. Tú y tu hija son un puto peligro. No es sorpresa que la CIA los busque. No, ustedes se quedaran aquí hasta que sepa qué hacer con ustedes. –dijo el detective, con voz que denotaba nerviosismo y terror. De repente las luces empezaron a parpadear y el lugar se puso frió, como si estuviera nevando. -Entonces detective, me obligara a hacer algo que en verdad no quiero. NADIE le hará daño a mi hija. –El detective fue suspendido en el aire, mientras que mi madre gritaba de terror y se abrazaba a mi padre, yo también me levante pero no para huir. -¡Espere, no lo haga! Yo sé donde esta Carrie, yo lo llevare. –dije con voz desesperada, no quería ver un cadáver en mi casa. White me miro y soltó al detective, cayó al suelo boca abajo y sudando de los nervios. -¡¿Tommy que haces?! –grito mi madre nerviosa. -Mama confía en mí, se lo que hago ok? -¿Estás loco? Esto se escapo de nuestras manos. No estamos hablando de una simple niña con problemas, estamos hablando de una niña que tiene poderes y es buscada por la CIA. –Dijo mi padre con los nervios a flor de piel, y lo entendía esto no era una situación que vivías todos los días. -Papa, mama, escuchen; Si fuera yo el que estuviera en esta situación, no harían lo que hace el señor White, si tiene poderes y joder que es de locos, pero solo quiere proteger a Carrie y para ser francos, yo también. Le prometí a Carrie que la protegería, no importa qué y eso pienso hacer. Vamos piénsenlo, es un hombre que busca a su hija porque la ama, ¿no es eso lo que ustedes harían por mi? –Mis padres me miraron por unos segundos y luego al señor White, para luego suspirar y escuchar la voz de mi madre. -Escuche amigo, como algo le pase a mi hijo, me vale mierda tus poderes te asesinare me oyes, lo mismo si le pasa algo a Carrie, ella es una excelente chica a pesar de todo y la quiero a salvo, ¿escucho? –El señor White solo sonrió y asintió. Subí a mi habitación, tome una sudadera roja y baje de nuevo. -Bien, señor White. Carrie está con una profesora de mi escuela, ella siempre fue buena con Carrie y da la \"pequeña\" casualidad que se donde vive. –Dije esto con una sonrisa astuta en mi rostro. –así que nos vamos o que. –me para justo en frente del padre de Carrie y sonreí. -ha ha ha, ¿sabes chico? Me agradas. –me dijo el señor White sonriendo. La atmósfera se rompió al ver al detective Upshur levantarse del piso casi temblando y dirigirnos la palabra. -Si…crees… que los dejare ir…sin pelear…estás loco White. -No, claro que no pensaba eso. Haré algo mejor contigo. –Dijo el padre de Carrie con una sonrisa en el rostro. Se acerco al hombre y le toco la frente, después de unos minutos el detective cayo al suelo desmayado. –Listo, ahora no recordara nada de esto. -Usted…!¿Le borro la memoria?! –Pregunto mi padre sorprendido. -Sí. Cuando despierte díganle que llego a hacer preguntas sobre Carrie y que luego se desmayo, díganle que van a llamar a la ambulancia para hacerlo más creíble. -Eso quiere decir que ¿Carrie puede hacer eso? –pregunte entre asustado y sorprendido. -Probablemente. Recuerda que yo tuve más de 30 años para practicar. -Me dijo divertido –bueno chico tu guías. Salimos de la casa estaba lloviendo así que nos tapamos cada uno con el hood de su jacket. Llegamos a la parada de autobuses y esperamos unos 20 minutos en silencio. Hasta que llego el autobús que nos dejaría cerca de donde vivía la señora Desjardin. Nos subimos y nos sentamos en la parte de atrás, íbamos en silencio hasta que el Sr. White hablo. -Me alegra que seas su novio, eres buen chico Tommy. –Me di cuenta que hablaba de Carrie y no pude evitar sonreír. Igual ya tome mi decisión. \" Carrie, Te amo\"[Chapter 9] N/A: Hola mis preciosas señoritas! Si lo se me he tardado una vida pero todo tiene una razón, ando en exámenes en la universidad por lo que no he tenido tiempo para actualizar, pero no temáis mis dulces damiselas! Esta historia la voy a terminar. Probablemente actualice la otra semana o este fin de semana. Bueno chicas las dejo, les escribí para que no se me mueran de angustia XD. Por cierto no me decido si hacer un lemonsito con Carrie y Tommy ustedes díganme en los reviews. Besos, xxTheSakuraQueenxx ;)[Chapter 10] N/A: \"He vueltoooo, despues de tanto tiempoooo\" XD Chicas ya llego por quien lloraban (Capitulo nuevo) Aqui ya las cosas se ponen mas tensas y interesantes y aviso desde aqui, Tommy y Carrie tendran que literalmente pelear por su amor y las cosas se pondran dificiles, pero waaaaano. Otra vez chica gracias por su apoyo ustedes me inspiran a continuar y un saludito a Carla que es la tercera que me da review ;) Bienvenida a la historia nena. Bueno disfruten. Te necesito Capitulo 9 Nos tomo dos días, llegar a Dakota del Norte. Era donde vivía el hermano de Billy, Jack. Su hermano había ido a la cárcel un par de veces por robos menores y un par de delitos menores, según Billy él nos ayudaría con la \"blanca Carrie\". Billy apago el motor del auto cuando aparco en frente del edificio, que se notaba era de mala muerte. -Vamos, nos está esperando. –me dijo, bajando del auto. Yo abrí la puerta del copiloto y lo seguí. -¿Estás seguro que él nos puede ayudar con esto? No quiero más fallas. –le dije molesta e insegura de confiar en este tipo. -Chris, cállate la puta boca. La que arruino todo esto fuiste tú, la que jodio toda esta mierda fuiste tú. Gracias a ti estamos huyendo como malditos perros mientras que la policía nos tiene en la mira! Así que hazme el maldito favor y ¡cierra la boca! –me contesto Billy, casi gritando y bastante molesto. Le hice caso y no hable más. Lo último que quería era que me hiciera daño, solo necesito saber si este plan va a funcionar, necesito destruir a Carrie White aunque sea lo último que haga. Subimos las escaleras hasta el tercer piso y Billy toco una puerta con el número 68 en ella. Me imagino era el numero de apartamento. Me pare detrás de Billy y mire a mi alrededor, este lugar tenía un olor horrible además de su apariencia: Paredes desteñidas, piso mojado con quien sabe qué y ni hablar del techo y la iluminación, definitivamente no es la clase de lugar a la que estoy acostumbrada. Increíble, que de vivir una vida llena de lujos, ahora me arrastre en estos lugares como si fuera una rata; todo por la maldita White. Pasaron los minutos y se abrió la puerta; un chico sin camisa y tatuado por todas partes con aretes, cabello caoba oscuro con corte de cresta y ojos marrones estaba en la entrada. El era una pulgada más alto que Billy y un poco más fornido. -¡Jackie, maldito desgraciado que te cuentas! –dijo Billy entre risas abrazando a su hermano mayor. -¡Pero si es el marica de Billy! Ven acá hermanito. –Le respondió su hermano entre risas. – Pasa, pasa. Mi casa es tu casa y con eso me refiero a que no toques mi mierda. Por cierto ¿Qué haces acá? No es que me moleste que estés aquí pero…no es normal en ti. –le dijo su hermano dándonos la espalda mientras entrabamos, su casa parecía un chiquero, había botellas de cerveza en el piso, ropa por todos lados (tanto de hombre como de mujer) y se sentía un fuerte olor a hierba. -¿Quién es la chica? –escuche preguntar a Jack. -¿Esta? No sé si decir una zorra brillante o una brillante estúpida. –dijo entre risas Billy, a lo que yo le respondí con el dedo medio. A estas alturas ya estaba acostumbrada a sus desplantes y la verdad no me interesaba mientras yo obtuviera lo que quería. Escuche la risa de Jack mientras se sentaba y tomaba un cigarrillo. -En fin hermanito, que trae tu feo trasero a mi \"hermosa mansión\" –Billy se sentó en un sofá frente a su hermano y lo miro serio. -Te tengo un trabajo. –Jack lo miro serio, mientras soltaba el humo del cigarrillo. -¿Qué trabajo? –pregunto inclinándose hacia adelante. -Hay una chica, a la que queremos liquidar y así librarnos de cierta peste. El trabajo no es gratis, Chris aquí nos pagara mucho dinero y luego tu y yo nos iremos a California, hm? Qué te parece, tú y yo, un nuevo comienzo desde cero. -¿Qué pasa con esta chica que quieren \"liquidar\"? ¿Les robo o algo? -Oye, ¿quieres el dinero o no? No te voy a pagar para que sepas su vida te voy a pagar para que la asesines. –le conteste ya harta de tantas preguntas. -¡Cállate la puta boca Chris! No olvides que estamos aquí por ti. –me grito Billy. -¡Ahora me vas a sacar eso en cara siempre! No te escuche negarte así que estas tan metido en esto como yo. De repente escuchamos una risa ronca y miramos a Jack que soltaba el humo de cigarrillo mientras que lo colocaba en el cenicero. Lo vimos levantarse y caminar hacia nosotros y detenerse frente de mí. Me sentí asustada pero no permitiría que me vieran de esa manera. -Escúchame perra, no sé qué es lo que pasa entre mi hermano y tu, y para ser franco no me interesa; Pero ten en mente esto, yo no soy el. Que él te haya tolerado tus porquerías no quiere decir que yo lo haga, harías bien en recordar eso, segundo: no voy a ir matando gente solo porque tú me dices, quiero su nombre, saber quién es y qué coño es lo que esta chica ha hecho para merecer tal destino, porque si voy a hacer este trabajo, que por cierto es mas de una década en la cárcel si me atrapan, quiero saber con qué estoy lidiando, así que ¿qué te parece si pones esa bonita boca a hablar cosas importantes en vez de pura mierda? O mejor aun ¿porque no te asesino aquí mismo y doy por terminado el día? –eso si me asusto y abrí mis ojos entre sorpresa y miedo, el lo noto y me dio una sonrisa casi sádica, pero Billy la voz de Billy se oyó en la habitación. -Espera Jack, no hagas una estupidez. El padre de Chris tiene mucho dinero y si hacemos esto nos iremos con los bolsillos llenos. -Y ¿Por qué no mejor, la mantenemos aquí y pedimos un rescate? Digo es más fácil que buscar a una chica y matarla ¿no crees pequeño Billy? –dijo el hermano mirándome con esa sonrisa. -No idiota la policía nos encontraría más rápido, pero si asesinamos a la chica no habrá testigos y será más rápido desaparecer. Esta chica no le importa a nadie, solo tiene 17 años será fácil. Piénsalo, hermano. –Hubo un silencio prolongado, mientras Jack me miraba a los ojos, luego rompió el silencio. -Bien, pero no quiero menos de cien mil por esto niña, ¿me escuchas? O la única que va a morir eres tú. Ya habíamos llegado. Estábamos justo en frente de la puerta de la Srta. Desjardin, note que el Sr. White tenía una mirada de preocupación en su rostro; es normal. No ver a tu hija en dieciséis años y luego de un día para otro vas a verla, bueno no debe ser fácil. -Aquí es. –le dije casi susurrando. –¿Listo? –pregunte. El solo respondió mirándome y asintiendo. Toque el timbre y pasaron unos quince minutos hasta que la puerta se abrió, dejando ver a la profesora Desjardin en bata y el cabello enmarañado con una cara que indicaba que se acaba de despertar. Si no fuera por la fuerte situación que se avecina me estaría riendo hasta no poder más. -¿Tommy? ¿Qué haces aquí a esta hora? –dijo la Srta. Desjardin con una voz que denotaba sueño y confusión. -Lo siento Srta. Desjardin pero es muy importante que veamos a Carrie, ahora. -¿Qué? Tommy, ella debe estar dormida ahora y ¿quién es este tipo? -Es una larga historia. –le dije tratando de convencerla, pero antes de que pudiera hablar el Sr. White me interrumpió. -Señorita, lamento venir a esta hora, pero en serio necesito ver a Carrie en este momento, por favor. –le dijo el Sr. White con voz que denotaba impaciencia y desesperación. -Ok, como ya dije está dormida, además de que no sé quién diablos eres, así que les voy a pedir que se va… -Soy su padre. –interrumpió el Sr. White con voz segura. -Ok, ahora si se tiene que ir. –dijo Desjardin molesta. -Por favor, Srta. Desjardin el no miente. Yo lo sé. –le dije desesperado porque me creyera. -Miren, no sé que están planeando ustedes dos, pero sea lo que sea no los quiero cerca de Carrie, su padre está muerto y lo sé porque la misma Carrie me lo dijo. -¡Es porque ella no sabe la verdad! –le dije desesperado. -¿Qué verdad Tommy? – me pregunto molesta. -No hay tiempo para esto. –dijo en un susurro el señor White, dejando ver sus ojos negros otra vez. –lamento que esto tenga que ser así señorita. –luego de eso vi como la señorita Desjardin era movida no con mucha fuerza hacia un lado, haciéndola caer al piso. Luego el señor White entro a la casa y yo me agache a ayudar a la Srta. Desjardin a levantarse del suelo, aunque seguía un poco en Shock la senté en su sala y vi al señor White mirar hacia el techo de la casa. -Ella está arriba. –fue todo lo que dijo el señor White, antes de empezar su camino por las escaleras. Pero lo detuve. -¡Espere! Déjeme ir a mí. Creo que se asustara si ve a un hombre que no conoce en su cuarto. -Sí, si…creo que…tienes razón. –dijo un poco nervioso. –es solo que…quiero verla. -Lo sé, no se preocupe yo la traigo. -¿Que es lo que está pasando? –dijo la Desjardin con la voz quebrada. -Lo entenderá en un minuto. –respondí dirigiéndome a las escaleras. Subí lo más rápido que pude no sin antes preguntar cuál era su habitación a lo que Desjardin respondió, la segunda puerta a la derecha. Abrí despacio y la vi recostada con la sabana cubriéndola hasta el cuello y de espaldas a la puerta. Me acerque lento y le toque el hombro suavemente, me entro un escalofrió al tocar su piel nuevamente. Carajo, concéntrate Tommy, no es tiempo para eso. -Carrie, Carrie soy yo, Tommy. Despierta. –la sacudí suavemente. Ella se empezó a despertar y cuando se espabilo sus hermosos ojos azules cayeron en mí. -¿Tommy? ¿Qué haces aquí? –me dijo con la voz soñolienta. -Carrie, tienes que bajar hay alguien que quiere verte. –le dije sonriendo. -¿Alguien que quiere verme? ¿Quién? –me pregunto con una voz dulce. -Ya lo sabrás, pero tienes que venir conmigo. –Ella se levanto de la cama y yo tome su mano, se sentía bien tenerla conmigo de esa manera. Bajamos las escaleras a paso lento ya que ella seguía un poco dormida aun; llegamos a la sala y vimos a la Srta. Desjardin aun donde la deje y al padre de Carrie de pie en medio de la sala mirando a Carrie con ojos entre sorpresa y anhelo. -Carrie…-dijo con voz quebrada el Sr. White. -Tommy, ¿Qué está pasando? ¿Quién es él? –Estaba asustada, lo podía notar en su voz. Estaba a punto de responderle pero el Sr. White me interrumpió. -Carrie…soy yo…soy papá…nunca pensé que te volvería a ver…-dijo conmovido y emocionado. -Tommy, esto no me gusta…si es una broma no es graciosa, deténganse por favor. –Carrie estaba a punto de explotar lo sentía. El padre de Carrie avanzo a paso lento hasta su hija. -Carrie, sé que no me recuerdas y como podrías, eras una bebe cuando me fui; pero ya estoy aquí cariño, soy yo…soy tu padre. -Mi padre está muerto y creo que ambos deben irse. –la voz de Carrie se volvió fría, justo como en la graduación. Me soltó la mano y se dio la vuelta para irse. La Srta. Desjardin observaba en shock y confundida. Estaba a punto de hablar pero nuevamente el Sr. White se adelanto. -¡Carrie, espera! –justo en ese momento, la casa empezó a temblar y las cosas a moverse; y lo supe, Carrie estaba molesta. -Dije…¡VAYANSE! –justo en ese momento el padre de Carrie fue lanzado al otro lado de la habitación. -¡Carrie, detente. Tienes que escucharlo! –le dije entre desesperado y asustado. -¡No, Tommy! Yo me encargo, tu saca a la señorita, esto es entre mi hija y yo. –Hice lo que me pidió tome a la Srta. Desjardin que estaba congelada de miedo y la saque de la casa. Nos detuvimos al otro lado de la calle, mejor será darles espacio. Sabía que no sería fácil convencerla pero no me rendiría, Carrie es mi hija y la quería conmigo. -Carrie, escúchame por favor. Sé que es duro de creer, pero soy tu padre, no estoy muerto. Vine porque quiero protegerte. Debes parar, por favor. –le dije al borde de la desesperación. -¡Mentiras! Mama dijo que mi padre estaba muerto. El nunca volvió, porque debo creerte. –Sus poderes estaban incrementando, el viento dentro de la casa se volvió violento, como cuando una tormenta se avecina y entonces ella se elevo del piso muy lentamente, hasta llegar casi al techo. –¡No más bromas!, ¡No más mentiras!, ¡No más DOLOR! –lo último lo dijo con tanta ira que sentí un escalofrió recorrer mi cuerpo; y entonces lo supe: la única forma de convencerla era, demostrándole que lo era. Me levante del piso mis ojos completamente negros, tenía que detenerla sin herirla. Eso no sería fácil. Primero tenía que inmovilizarla, sin que ella creyera que quería hacerle daño. Vi hacia la ventana y vi los soportes de metal de la cortina, eso serviría, los hice moverse rápido y la envolví con ellos como si fueran serpientes en el cuerpo de ella, ella cayó al suelo y de repente todo paro, sus ojos volvieron a la normalidad y me miro sorprendida. Me acerque a paso lento y me arrodille a su lado. -Carrie…Soy yo, escúchame por favor. –ella me seguía mirando con esos grandes ojos azules y de repente vi lagrimas en ellos. -¿En serio eres mi papa? –dijo con la voz quebrada. -Si cariño, soy yo. –le dije sonriendo. De a poco fui abriendo y aflojando el metal con el que la sujete hasta dejarla libre. Ella se sentó y toco mi rostro, como asegurándose de que no era un sueño. Yo cubrí con mi mano una de las suyas y le sonreí. –Estas hermosa Carrie. Ya eres toda una mujer. –ella se rio entre lagrimas, y me abrazo mientras lloraba en mi hombro, yo hice lo mismo mientras la apegaba a mi cuerpo y le besaba la frente. -Papá, papá… -seguía repitiendo con voz ahogada y quebrada a causa del llanto. -shh…Ya estoy aquí cielo, yo cuidare de ti. Note que el temblor en la casa se detuvo, le dije a la Srta. Desjardin que se quedara aquí hasta que volviera, ella tomo mi brazo y me dijo que no que era peligroso, pero le dije que estaría bien, aunque por dentro me cagara del miedo, aun no me acostumbro a esto de ver gente con poderes. Fui a paso lento hasta llegar a la puerta que estaba abierta, entre sin hacer ruido y vi varios adornos, como lámparas, jarrones y muchas cosas más en el piso y quebrados. Llegue a la sala y vi al Carrie en brazos de su padre llorando de alegría, no pude evitar sonreír esa chica se merecía un poco de buenas noticias y paz. Me acerque pero no tanto como para invadir su privacidad. Carrie abrió los ojos y me observo, yo solo le sonreí, ella hizo lo mismo. Se separo de su padre y se dirigió hacia mí, yo la observe entre contento y sorprendido. Llego y se detuvo justo en frente, me miro directo a los ojos y me sonrió yo hice lo mismo, para luego sentir sus brazos rodearme y susurrarme un gracias que fue ahogado por mi pecho. Yo sonreí y la rodee con mis brazos. -Oye, te dije que siempre te cuidaría no?. -dije con una sonrisa en mis labios. Ella alzo su cabeza y me miro, yo hice lo mismo. Lo que me sorprendió fue lo que hizo después, fue rápido y efímero; pero lo sentí como si fuera una ola que golpea mi cara…un beso de Carrie. No pude evitar sonreír, nos quedamos viendo hasta que la voz de la Srta. Desjardin rompió el silencio. -Ok, no sé qué está pasando, ni de que se trata todo esto pero…¡¿ALGUIEN PODRIA DECIRME, QUE DIABLOS PASA AQUÍ?! Genial, hay que contar una larga historia…otra vez. \" No me dejes…Tommy\"[Chapter 11] Hola chicas…para empezar les debo a todas una enorme disculpa mi intención jamás fue dejar esta historia, pero les explico, estoy trabajando y eso consume más de la mitad de mi tiempo; además de que mi musa de inspiración se había ido de vacaciones por un tiempo. Aun así lamento haber desaparecido sin avisar (han ocurrido muchas cosas) pero en estos días me puse a leer sus comentarios desde principio a final y luego mi propia historia y me dije \"no seré la mejor, pero hay gente a la que le guste, no los puedo decepcionar\". He sido lectora y sé lo que se siente cuando no terminan una buena historia no quiero ser una de esas. Y dicho esto… Te Necesito está de vuelta! Pero necesito que me tengan mucha paciencia pues como dije estoy en el trabajo y casi no tengo tiempo. Bueno chicas sin más que decir, me despido. Bye y gracias por leer mi historia. Kiss.[Chapter 12] Chicaaaaas ya volví, como dije antes lamento haber tardado tanto, pero bueno ya estoy de vuelta y con capitulo estreno XD Es algo corto xq como les dije casi no tengo tiempo para nada (ni siquiera para mi misma) pero no quiero defraudarlas así que hice algo para que no c me mueran de angustia. Sin mas... A LEER. Carrie le pertenece a Stephen King. Te necesito Capitulo 10 Tommy y mi…padre (aun no me acostumbro a la idea) habían terminado de explicar todo lo que había pasado a través de los años tanto con mi madre, padre, incluso conmigo misma. Alguna vez has sentido, como si estuvieras dormida durante toda tu vida y de repente te dan un golpe, que te hace despertar y ves las cosas como son en realidad? Así me siento ahora. Mi madre, la mujer con la que he vivido toda mi vida era una mujer enferma, no debería sorprenderme, considerando su actuar a través de los años, pero no por eso dejaba de doler; mi padre era un arma para la CIA y ahora un criminal buscado por ellos y yo su nuevo trofeo. ¿Es que no habría descanso para mí? Todo lo que pido es un poco de paz, tener una vida normal, poder tener amigos…un novio…una familia. Pero por lo que veo, no será posible sin pelear por ello. Pues no me rendiré, no ahora, seré feliz, por una vez en mi vida…seré feliz, estoy segura. La Srta. Desjardin no ha dicho palabra alguna, sus ojos expresan más de una emoción sin embargo; miedo, preocupación…incredulidad. No la culpo, esto no es normal, nada de esto lo es. Mi padre regreso, mi madre es mentalmente inestable, Tommy lo está ayudando. Si no estuviera viendo esto con mis propios ojos diría que esta sacado de una película. Hay un silencio sepulcral en la sala, nadie dice nada, pero a veces los silencios dicen más que mil palabras. -Así que…todo este tiempo…Carrie ha tenido estos… ¿Poderes?- la voz casi quebrada de la Srta. Desjardin rompe el silencio. -Sí. Lo siento Srta. Desjardin, no quería ocultárselo, pero no podía confiarme. Créame yo no quería causar problemas. –le dije casi en angustia. La Srta. Desjardin era una de las pocas cosas buenas en mi vida, no quería perderla. La señorita Desjardin me miro entre sorprendida y triste, pero lo que más se veía en ella era incredulidad. -Es que…no puedo creerlo…tu…no eres más que una niña. Cada vez que te veo solo miro a una niña inocente y rechazada…triste; es increíble que tu…-de nuevo guardo silencio, para volver a escuchar su voz, ahora más segura. –Y a donde planea llevársela Sr. White. Como usted mismo dijo está siendo buscado por la CIA y perdóneme si sueno incrédula, pero ¿Qué lugar hay allá fuera donde Carrie este segura? -Para ser franco, no lo sé señorita; pero de cualquier forma no la puedo dejar aquí ellos me están siguiendo. Para estas alturas ya deben estar en camino y tanto nosotros como ustedes corren peligro. Ellos no dudaran en usarlos a ustedes para llegar a nosotros, lo mejor por ahora es desaparecer por un tiempo. -¡Usted no puede obligarla a vivir así, ella es solo una niña! Déjeme decirle algo señor White, usted será su padre pero no sabe nada de ella, yo he sido su profesora por años y he visto a Carrie vivir una vida miserable gracias a su madre y a esos mocosos de la escuela. Carrie no merece vivir huyendo, ya no mas; merece vivir una buena vida, sonreír y tener amigos; y usted señor no puede venir aquí y simplemente decir \"soy su padre y me la llevo a vivir una vida de mentiras\" porque no se lo permitiré. –La señorita Desjardin exploto como nunca la había visto, creí que después de lo que hice me odiaría o temería, pero ella aun me defiende. Todos guardamos silencio y estábamos sorprendidos no lo podíamos creer. La cara de mi padre era un poema, tanto que me hubiera reído si no fuera por lo serio de la situación, pero luego cambio a una seria y casi enojada. -¡¿Y usted que aconseja eh?! No se puede quedar aquí, la atraparan y la usaran como hicieron conmigo y no voy a permitirlo. Hice las cosas mal lo admito, pero ahora quiero rectificarlas empezando por mi hija. –En la voz de mi padre pude identificar miedo, coraje, frustración y arrepentimiento. El en verdad quería protegerme. -Y ¿Qué hay de lo que yo quiero? Me gire sorprendida en todo este tiempo Tommy había guardado silencio, pero ahora estaba hablando con una voz que denotaba seguridad y decisión, algo que en mi, era escaso. -¿Qué hay de lo que quiero? No quiero que Carrie se vaya. Jure protegerla y voy a cumplirlo y si ella no puede quedarse…entonces me iré con ella, pero no me voy a separar de ella ni un día de mi vida; ya no más. -No seas idiota niño. ¿Qué bien harías? Esto no te concierne muchacho, la CIA matara a cualquiera que esté de nuestro lado solo para tenernos en sus garras. No tendrán piedad de nadie, ni siquiera de un muchacho de 15… -Tengo 17. -Lo que sea. Eres presa fácil para ellos. Aprecio lo que has hecho hasta ahora por mi hija, en serio. Pero no cargare con tu muerte en mi conciencia. Sigue con tu vida, sé que es duro, pero ella no puede quedarse… se que la amas y es tu novia pero… -¿Novia? –dijo la señorita Desjardin. Yo me había quedado en la parte en la que Tommy me amaba… ¿el me ama? Me quede mirándolo con los ojos muy abiertos, sorprendida de lo que escuche, hasta que la Srta. Desjardin me saco de mis pensamientos –Esto es nuevo… ¿No que eras novio de Sue? Que por cierto está embarazada de ti. -¡¿Qué?! –gruño mi padre. Srta. Desjardin…que ha hecho. -¡Eres un maldito! TE ATREVES A JUGAR CON LOS SENTIMIENTOS DE MI HIJA. -No papa espera, Tommy solo quiere ayudarme deja que te explique…-de repente siento una mano en mi hombro y al mirar a su dirección veo que es Tommy. -Yo se lo explico Carrie, tranquila. Señor entiendo cómo debe parecerle esto y a usted también señorita Desjardin, pero créanme cuando les digo…que estoy completa e irrevocablemente enamorado de Carrie. Sé que parecerá loco, pero en el tiempo que he pasado con Carrie me he dado cuenta de muchas cosas, una de ellas, es que Carrie es una excelente persona y es hermosa tanto por fuera como por dentro; y es cierto señor White, mi verdadera novia está embarazada y puedo asegurarle que fue uno de los peores errores de mi vida, era inmaduro y creía que la atracción hacia alguien era amor, pero me equivoque y estas son las consecuencias. Escuche, no espero que me crea, pero entienda esto: No me alejare de Carrie por ningún motivo, ni siquiera por usted. No podía creer lo que escuchaba, Tommy Ross… el hermoso, el atleta… estaba enamorado de mi… DE MI, la patética y rarita de mi. Por favor Dios, que esto no sea un sueño y si lo es permíteme quedarme, déjame aquí con Tommy. Pero, no puedo ser tan egoísta el tiene a Sue y van a tener un bebe, no puedo hacerle esto. -¿y qué hay del bebe Tommy? Es tuyo y debes responsabilizarte por él. –dijo la señorita Desjardin. -Y lo hare, no le faltara nada, pero eso no quiere decir que tenga que quedarme con Sue, por muy cruel que suene…no la amo y no puedo vivir toda mi vida pretendiendo que sí. -Debería romperte el cuello niño. Me mentiste y aparte embarazaste a una niña ¿Qué crees que deba esperar de ti hacia Carrie? -Señor yo jamás le haría eso a Carrie, la amo y estoy dispuesto a todo si ella me lo pidiera. Nunca había visto a Tommy tan serio. Se veía decidido a todo por mi… se siente tan bien ser amada de esa manera y al mismo tiempo… deseada. Nunca voy a olvidarte Tommy Ross, nunca… Pero no puedo permitir que vengas conmigo. -No Tommy, no puedes venir. –dije con lagrimas en mis ojos. -¿Qué? -Te mataran no puedo permitirlo, además tú tienes una vida aquí; tus padres, Sue y tu hijo. No te voy a arrastrar a esto. Vive Tommy, cuida a tu hijo, ve a la universidad, cásate y se feliz. -Carrie, no. No, no me dejes. Déjame ir contigo por favor. -¡No puedo! ¡No quiero perderte a ti, no a ti! Yo no pertenezco a ningún lugar pero tú si lo haces, no destruyas eso por mí. -Nada de lo que tengo importa, si no vas a estar. No lo entiendes ¿cierto? Mi vida antes de conocerte era un ciclo, de pretender, de mentiras, de ser algo que en realidad no soy; tú me abriste los ojos a un mundo mejor y real… bebe te amo. No te vayas, no me dejes. –Tommy estaba llorando, por mi. De pronto se arrodilla y toma mi mano derecha. –Te lo suplico Carrie. Dios no sabes cuánto quisiera Tommy, irnos juntos tu y yo, desaparecer. Pero si vienes conmigo ahora… tu morirás. Tome aire y solté la palabra más dolorosa en mi vida. -No. Tommy, me miro a los ojos, con una cara que denotaba que estaba a punto de quebrarse en llanto; pero no puedo arrepentirme, no ahora, aquí el estará a salvo, conmigo…le harán daño. El debe vivir aunque sea lejos de mí. Veo a la señorita Desjardin acercarse a nosotros y arrodillarse a un lado de Tommy, tomándolo de los hombros con una mirada de lastima. -Tommy, ella tiene razón…te mataran cariño, esto está fuera de tus manos y tu aun tienes una responsabilidad con Sue. Tienes que dejarla ir. Tommy no quita la mirada de mí, aun con lágrimas en los ojos. Yo estoy a punto de partir en llanto. El se levanta poco a poco y me abraza con una fuerza tal, que pienso que me va a quebrar en dos. -Prometo arreglar las cosas que hice mal. Lo juro. –lo escucho decir entre llanto. –Pero júrame tu, que volverás conmigo, que cuando toda esta mierda se acabe… vendrás e iremos a la universidad y tendremos hijos, tuyos y míos, que nos casaremos y seremos felices…!júramelo! –no podía hablar, estaba en shock. El poco a poco me va soltando, hasta quedar de nuevo frente a mí. – Júramelo Carrie, o no te dejare ir, aunque muera en el intento. –Lo mire a los ojos, tratando de no partir en llanto, pero sus palabras me dieron fuerza y esperanza. -Te lo prometo Tommy. Volveré. -Señor, localizamos a el arma Alpha, no está a no más de 90km de aquí ¿Lo interceptamos? Un hombre vestido de saco y corbata negra, con una mirada tan fría que congelaría hasta al mismo infierno, baja de un auto Nissan Pathfinder negra, en medio de una carretera desolada, junto a un equipo de hombres con armamento pesado, listos para encontrar su objetivo. -No, déjenlo que se sienta seguro un rato, que se sienta a salvo. Jugaremos su juego del gato y el ratón por un rato. Pronto su él nos llevara con su hija. Chris estaba decidida, era hora. Carrie pagaría por todo lo que la ha hecho pasar. Jack y Billy estaban detrás de ella, cargando la camioneta con sogas y lo necesario para cumplir con el trabajo. No los haría enojar; por ahora haría caso a todo y guardaría silencio. Pero cuando se deshicieran de Carrie, ella se desharía de ellos, igual Billy ya la tenía harta. Una sonrisa se asomaba por sus fríos labios; este era el tiempo de Chris Hargensen y de nadie más. \" No me dejes\"[Chapter 13] \"Ocultándose detrás de una pared\" Hola, si lo se odienme, me tarde mucho, lo siento es que como les dije no tengo casi tiempo, y ademas de que \"redobles\" ME VOY A CASAR WEEEEEEEE \"cof\" \"cof\" bueno eso es otra historia, en serio chicas y chicos perdónenme aquí esta el capi por favor gozenlo, tratare de no tardarme tanto, ademas de que esa historia señores esta por terminar , pero no lloren tengo otras ideas en mente solo que no con Carrie, pero les aseguro que tratare que sean mejores que esta. En fin... A LEER. Carrie le pertenece a Stephen King. Te Necesito Capitulo 11 Años, meses y días… eso era lo que me había tomado encontrarlos, pero todo se resumía a este momento; los encontraría, cumpliría con mi deber con esta nación; heh aunque si me preguntan para mí no son más que unos fenómenos, cosas que deben ser acabadas de una vez y por todas, bueno, de todos modos me dieron órdenes de traerlos de vuelta, pero no mencionaron si vivos…o muertos. -Señor, hemos colocado unidades en cada salida de Chamberlain incluyendo estaciones de trenes y cualquier otra posibilidad de escape para el arma Alpha y Beta. –menciono un uniformado cubierto con un casco en su cabeza se leían las letras S.W.A.T. en su uniforme y en sus manos tenía una H & K MP5 A3. -Perfecto, si tienen señal de alguno procuren que se rindan inmediatamente y si no, pues, saben sus ordenes…disparen, no los dejen con vida, no dejen que nadie se interponga en su camino. –contesto aquel hombre vestido de saco y corbata negra. Este hombre tenía los ojos tan azules, tan fríos, que si los mirabas con detenimiento te congelaban el alma, era alto de unos 6 pies y 3 pulgadas, no se veía ninguna expresión en su rostro, era como si no tuviera alma, su cabello era rubio casi blanco peinado hacia atrás, se podía ver que tenía unos 48 años, para sus superiores era Black, para sus inferiores era Señor. Este hombre tenía un solo propósito por el momento, atrapar a Ralph White y a su hija. Y lo haría. -¡Si señor! –contesto el agente S.W.A.T. retirándose a cumplir con sus deberes. -Prepárate White, hoy las cosas se pondrán muy negras para ti. –dijo el señor Black con una sonrisa macabra en su frio rostro. En el auto iban Chris, Billy y Jack… en completo silencio, cada uno pensando en sus propios propósitos. Jack, dinero; Billy, terminar con esta mierda; pero Chris…oh Chris…Chris quería sangre de White corriendo en sus manos. Se preguntaran porque tanto odio, porque, si esa niña en verdad nunca la molestaba ni a ella ni a nadie; será tal vez que a Chris no le gustaba la gente débil o será porque su vida esa arruinada gracias a ella…o simplemente ella es una psicópata…a la mierda, a la mierda todo, ella quería la muerte de esa chica y eso era todo, al carajo las razones, al carajo él porque, ella era Chris Hargensen y ella conseguiría lo que ella quisiera…siempre. -¿Cuánto falta para que lleguemos? –pregunto Chris. Jack soltó una risa entre divertida y molesta- Estamos impacientes ¿verdad?, tranquila solo nos faltan unos kilómetros y estaremos en tu amada Chamberlain. Chris solo lo miro a través del retrovisor y guardo silencio. Estaba cada vez más cerca de conseguir su venganza ya era hora esa pequeña perra iba a pagarla. La voz de Billy rompió sus pensamientos. -Oye Jack, ¿Dónde lo haremos? -¿hacer qué? -El trabajo, no te aconsejaría hacerlo en la ciudad. Ahí estamos entre los más buscados, si me entiendes, lo mejor sería secuestrarla y sacarla de ahí y hacerlo en un lugar donde no seamos molestados. -Te entiendo, hermano. La mejor forma de ocultar un cuerpo es tirándolo al agua, borraría todo, ADN, todo; la llevamos a un lago y al terminar, plushhh al agua nena. –contesto este, con una sonrisa en su rostro. -Estoy de acuerdo. –contesto Chris, ella solo quería verla muerta. -Bien está decidido, eso haremos. –contesto Jack. Vieron el letrero a distancia, \"BIENVENIDOS A CHAMBERLAIN\". Había llegado la hora…y Chris podía sentir la adrenalina corriendo por sus venas. Una sonrisa se asomaba por su rostro. Había llegado la hora, teníamos que irnos. Estaba en mi cuarto empacando, Tommy me estaba ayudando aun con las lagrimas marcadas en su rostro, Dios, por favor cuida de Tommy. Mi padre estaba abajo esperándome, me dijo que tomara solo lo necesario, que viajara lo más ligera posible. Había terminado de empacar, Tommy tomo mi maleta y se la puso en la espalda, lo mire directo a los ojos y el a los míos, cuantas cosas que deseo decirle y cuantas que tal vez nunca le diré; tengo miedo, de lo que vendrá, de mi misma, de si…volveré. Baje las escaleras y mi padre estaba al pie de esta. -¿Estas lista? Ya es hora de irnos, tenemos que llegar lo más rápido a la estación de trenes. -Sí. –Le respondí. Al llegar abajo, mi padre me miraba con ojos de compasión, me coloco su mano en mi hombro y me dijo… -Carrie, se que hice las cosas mal pero quiero mejorarlas, después de esto te prometo hare o que sea para hacerte feliz, no lo arruinare de nuevo, cariño. Lo prometo. Asentí, y tome mi maleta de las manos de Tommy. La señorita Desjardin se acerco y me abrazo. -Cuídate, Carrie. Regresa sana y salva. -Gracias señorita Desjardin, por todo. –La extrañare mucho, ella nunca me abandono, me trataba como lo que era, una simple chica que necesitaba cariño y atención, ella…fue como su madre. Dios, su madre se había olvidado de ella, ¿La volvería a ver? Algún día esperaba que su madre encontrara la paz. -Carrie, vámonos ya. Hay que llegar a la estación de trenes. –Dijo mi padre ya en la puerta. Lo mire y asentí, aquí vamos. Tommy me seguía en silencio, al llegar a la puerta el salió junto a nosotros, aun seguía a mis espaldas, me di la vuelta y lo abrase con todas mis fuerzas, el hizo lo mismo, sentí una lagrima caer en mi hombro, sentía que me faltaba el aire, Dios, Tommy…mi hermoso Rey del baile. Te necesito, Tommy, te necesito tanto. -Carrie…-Mi padre rompió mis pensamientos, nos soltamos lentamente y nos volvimos a mirar. -Regrese pronto, Srta. White. –Me dijo entre lágrimas y una sonrisa. -Lo hare Sr. Ross. –yo hice lo mismo. Me di la vuelta y juro por Dios, que jamás había hecho algo tan difícil en toda mi vida. Mi padre tomo mi mano y caminamos hacia la calle, mire una última vez atrás, no quería olvidarlo, nunca. Allí estaba Margaret White, postrada en esa cama de hospital, esperando el momento, para hacer el trabajo de Dios, destruir a esa niña, a la hija del diablo. Un hombre entro al cuarto, era su doctor, junto con dos hombres más vestidos por completo de blanco, se veían tan limpios y puros… Ángeles; pensó Margaret la liberarían para ayudarla a destruir a Carrie. -¿Sra. White? Estos hombres se encargaran de usted ahora, la llevaran a un buen lugar. -Ya lo sé doctor, Dios los envió para ayudarme ¿cierto? Me liberaran, ellos son ángeles. –Dios escucho sus plegarias, ella por fin saldría de ahí. Tenía una sonrisa, en su rostro y paz en su alma. Los hombres se miraron entre sí, y uno de los hombres vestidos de blanco dijo \"Si Margaret, venimos a liberarte, estarás en un buen lugar\". Los hombres se le acercaron lo suficiente y uno de ellos saco una jeringa, sin que ella se diera cuenta. -Pero ¿Qué pasara con Carrie? Ella debe morir, es una bruja. –dijo Margaret a los \"angeles\" -No se preocupe señora White, nos encargaremos usted solo descanse. –Eso fue lo último que escucho cuando sintió un leve pinchazo y luego oscuridad…paz al fin. Los hombres la pusieron en una camilla, y la sacaron del hospital; la pusieron en una camioneta que decía… Asilo Psiquiátrico de Chamberlain. Este en paz Señora Ross, irá al lugar al que pertenece. Ya habían llegado, por fin. Estaban en Chamberlain, pero justo cuando Chris iba a cantar victoria, había una barricada delante de lo que parecían policías y equipo S.W.A.T. Mierda. -¡Mierda! ¿y esto qué es? ¿No se suponía que esto iba a ser fácil? –Jack escupió molesto. -No sé qué carajos es esto, ¿es por nosotros?- Dijo Billy nervioso. -No seas idiota, Billy, lo que hicimos no es como para que venga S.W.A.T. –Contesto Chris. -Miren yo no sé que estén jugando ustedes dos imbéciles, pero no voy a seguir, no quiero trato con la policía, nos vamos. –dijo Jack, incomodo por la situación, carajo que era S.W.A.T. no quería mierdas con ellos. -¡No! Ustedes dijeron que lo harían, no les daré mierda de mi dinero si no hacen lo que les digo. -Mira perra estúpida si quieres seguir bien, pero lo harás por tu cuenta, porque yo no lo hare, ¿estamos? –Refuto Jack casi gritando. -Bien, me bajo. -¿Qué? ¿Estás loca? ¿Qué les dirás eh? \"hola soy Chris Hargensen y quiero pasar porque soy la mejor zorra que ha existido aquí\" –se mofo Billy. -Púdrete Billy, no los necesito. –Dijo Chris saliendo del auto. Cerró la puerta y empezó a caminar. De pronto la voz de Jack la hace detenerse. -¡Oye! -¡¿Qué?! –contesta la chica sin darse la vuelta. -Escúchame bien, no abras tu boca, ni hables sobre nosotros; no me importa lo que te pase pero si me hundes te hundo perra. –dijo Jack en un tono de voz que asustaría a cualquiera…menos a Chris. -No lo hare. – Por ahora idiota. Sonrió, esta sería una excelente noche. Escucho el auto dar la vuelta, el sonido del motor y las llantas rechinar, por fin estaba sola. De su chaqueta saco un arma una, 9mm, eso es todo lo que ella necesitaba para aniquilarla. Otra sonrisa, ella estaba tan cerca. Tommy, la vio irse, caminar con su padre, a un futuro incierto. Como desearía ir con ella; pero no podía, el padre de Carrie tenía razón, el seria una carga, además tenía cosas que solucionar aquí. Salió de la casa de la Srta. Desjardin con un solo objetivo, Sue. Tomo un taxi que lo dejo justo en la puerta de la casa de Sue, era tarde, por lo que opto por subir por el árbol al lado de la ventana de Sue con suerte estaría aun despierta. Bingo ahí estaba en su cama, viendo tv. Toco la ventana y ella miro asustada al principio para luego, formar una sonrisa al verlo. Se levanto de la cama y se acerco a la ventana para abrirla. -Hola, amor. -Sue…tengo que decirte algo. -¿Pasa algo malo? -…Déjame entrar, tengo que hablar contigo. -Ok. –Ella se hace a un lado y el haciendo uso de su atletismo, entra con facilidad. -Siéntate, Sue. -Tommy, ¿Qué pasa? Me estas asustando. -Solo siéntate, por favor. –Dice Tommy con obvia exasperación. Ella se sienta, el se arrodilla delante de ella. -Sue, sabes que te ayudare para lo que sea a ti y al bebe, sabes que estaré siempre para él. –dijo Tommy. -Si…Tommy ¿Qué pasa?- Dijo la rubia ya preocupada- -Sue, me encargare del bebe…pero no puedo seguir contigo. –Listo, el lo había hecho. -Que… ¿Qué dijise? –Sue no podía creerlo, Tommy Ross terminaba con ella. -Sue…Yo me enamore de alguien más…y no quiero seguir mintiéndote…yo… -¿Quién es? –Dijo Sue consternada. -Sue… -¡¿Quién?! –Grito levantándose una muy molesta Sue. -…Carrie…-dijo casi susurrando, Tommy. -…¡¿Qué?!...¿Carrie White? -Si… -De pronto sintió ardor en su mejilla derecha. Sue le había pegado. -¡¿ME ESTAS JODIENDO?! –Grito –Tu la conociste una noche y eso fue todo, es eso, ahora resulta que ella es tu verdadero amor?, maldito seas, ella no era nadie, para ti, ella ni siquiera importaba, y ahora ¡es lo mejor que hay! JA JA JA no me hagas reír Tommy, ella no es más que una perde…-no pudo continuar fue empujada contra la pared. -No…no digas una sola palabra de Carrie me oíste, a mi ódiame, insúltame, golpéame, pero a ella no la menciones en tu boca, ¿me escuchaste Sue? –La voz de Tommy había bajado un tono más de lo normal, sus ojos denotaban la ira en ellos, Sue vio en ese momento a otro Tommy. -Chris, tenía razón, ella me lo advirtió…-susurraba Sue, impactada por lo descubierto. -¿La viste? ¿En donde esta? Sue dímelo. –Tommy le pregunto exasperado. -No lo sé, ella no me lo dijo, pero sabes lo que sea que esté planeando, ojala le funcione. –Lo dijo con tanto odio que Tommy, la miraba en shock. La soltó y ella se tiro al suelo con lágrimas de rabia en sus ojos. -Yo tenía razón, tu Sue Snell, eres igual a ella. –Dijo Tommy entre decepcionado y molesto. –Adiós Sue. \" Vuelve\" ","Summary":" N/A: Carrie le pertenece al fantástico Stephen King. Bueno chicos este es mi primer fanfic, espero "},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"Adventures Of The Mini Boovs","Author":"Pricat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11252479","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N He-he after writing the newest chapter of Oh at Home involving Oh and Tomas's kids, I coukdn't help but write one shots about them since they bring fun into the Tucci family's life plus being six, they're still growing In this first one shot both Hratitica and Tohro are trying to have ice cream for breakfast but they are just being cutie pies. Oh and Toma are good parents. \"Come on Toh, plus our dads along with Grandma and Aunt Tip are still asleep so maybe we can have ice cream for breakfast!\" Gratitica said to her brother Tohro. It was a typical Saturday morning in the Tucci house well early morning and both Gratitica and Tohro, Oh and Toma's kids were the only ones up right now since being six and a half, they were used to being awake earlier compared to the grown ups in the house going downstairs to the kitchen. \"Graty I don't know about this, p,us what if our dads or Grandma catches us?\" Tohro said his Purpke-blue skin turning yellow which matched the anxiety he was feeling rubbing his hand against his mouth like what he did with the toilet brush. \"Toh we're kids and mini Boov so we're supposed to do stuff like this, besides you can get us out of trouble, since the adults really like you.\" Graticia said making the male mini Boovsigh. \"Okay I'll help but we're not gonna find the ice cream maker-\" Tohro said seeing his sister find it sighing but turning it on as ice cream spurted onto the ceiling making Tohro worry because he knew they were going to be in trouble getting shaky. \"What the heck-\" Tip said entering seeing ice cream on the ceiling as Tohro confessed making her underdtand he was having a panic attack but cuddling him just as Oh knowing Gratitica had done this but was cuddling Tohro. \"I was trying to make us breakfast sundaes.\" Graticia said. \"Sweetie we don't eat ice cream for breakfast, even if Kyle does.\" Tip said muttering Nutjob into that making Tohro realise it was mean since in class they were learning about words but Tip was making pancakes only Oh was sad because Tohro couldn't go to school anymore as he had just gotten an e-mail from his kids's teacher saying the Special Ed program was full which made Gratitcia stunned. \"Does that mean Toh won't be in my class?\" she said hearing her brother making animal noises as Lucy chuckled. \"No sweetie but it's something I and your Dad have to worry about, not you okay?\" Oh said. \"Okay Daddy.\" Gratitcia said seeing Tohro on his hands and knees going after Pig which was cute but she hoped he was okay seeing breakfast was ready joining them but getting maple syrup everywhere making Oh smile but Gratitica grossed out like when her brother rubbed his mouth with the toilet brush knowing he had done that this morning as Tip giggled. \"He's just being himself Graty.\" she told her niece making her understand because she loved her brother seeing him drink juice since they weren't allowed coffee because they were kids. Oh sighed as he was looking after the kids while Toma was getting groceries plus Tohro wandered off a lot which worried Oh. Tohro was following Pig around which was cute but Gratiticia was worried for her brother. Oh was o nN the floor with his son seeing him on his lap but cuddling him since he needed cuddles but humming Soft Kitty since he liked that song plus Oh sang it to his and Toma's kids when they were sick or hurt. \"Hey Daddy you okay?\" Tohro asked. \"Sort of.\" Oh said playing with him which was helping him feel better seeing Toma back chuckling at how cute Oh was being with their kids[Chapter 2] A/N Here's more and thanks to those who favourited this series. Tohro stays up late meaning he's grumpy the next day but Oh helps him out by getting him to take an nap even when he doesn't but it helps him feel better. It was a few days later but it was morning and a school day for Gratitcia bit the female Boov youngster was ready seeing her brotner asleep because not being in school, he had been racing his space card a lot so was sleepy plus Oh was letting him sleep in or he would be cranky and need an nap later hearing Tip call her, Oh and Toma for breakfast going downstairs. Tip had made pancaked making both Oh and Toma happy but Gratitica was quiet because a lot was on her mind p,us Tohro not drinking maple syrup was funny so him not here made her a little sad making Oh understand. \"Sweetie your brother will be fine, plus I can take care of him.\" Oh assured her but she hoped so as she cared about her brother but was getting in Slushious because Tip was taking her to school but Oh sighed as they left but saw Tohro up after a while and was having breakfast. \"Yes your sister left for school, but we're gonna have fun.\" Oh to,d him. \"Okay.\" Tohro told him going to get dressed. Tohro was playing with Oh since his sister was at school which made Tne male Boov youngster a little sad because he loved playing with his sister even at school making him understand teaching his son baseball like Tip had shown him, as they were having bonding time but Tohro was getting grumpy, going red making Oh sigh knowing his son needed an nap. \"I'm not tired Dadfy, plus I slept in and ate breakfast p,U.S. I'm big so I don't need an nap!\" Tohro protested seeing Oh frown because Tohro was having a meltdown. \"Buddy you were up late last night racing your cars, plus your skin kinda says otherwise as we Boov change colours with our moods and you're grumpy so yes you need an nap, but after it we can play again.\" Oh told him going home. When they got home, Tohro was rubbing his eyes because he was tired like his dad said following him to his and his sister's room getting into his bed cuddling his stuffed cat. \"Ssh buddy, just rest.\" Oh to,d him kissing his purple skinned head seeing him out like a light making Oh smile leaving him be.[Chapter 3] A/N Here's more but thanks for the reviews because they help a lot. Oh and Toma's kids kinda get into driving mischief in this one but upset Oh because his parental instincts went into overdrive but Tip helps cool things down \"What did I tell you guys about trying to drive, you guys are too little to plus you could've gotten hurt!\" Oh said to both his and Toma's kids because Gratitcia and Tohro had heard how their grandmother had taught Tip to drive when she was a kid so both mini Boov had gotten Tip to teach them to drive. But Oh had seen especially when Tohro had tried doing a loop de loop but it had freaked him out and made his heart pound faster and it still was even though Toma had put a blue-Purpke hand on his shoulder. \"We're really, really sorry daddy.\" Gratitcia said as she and her brother went upstairs to their room but Tip understood hoping Oh wouldn't blow his top at her. But she saw his purple body go blue meaning sadness as tears leaked from his eyes making her understand as they were going to the couch and he was on her lap. \"Hey it's okay Ohey because it was my fault as I shoukdn't have let them drive plus seeing you freaked out was scary.\" Tip said. \"A-Are they mad at me because I yelled?\" Oh asked. \"No, they understand you were scared but you should relax, and cool down.\" Tip said seeing him calm down. \"Maybe Tomy and I should go,out for a bit, have date night.\" Oh to,d her seeing her nod because he and Toma had been really busy with work so wondered if their kids driving Slushious had been a way of getting attention? Oh pushed that out of his mind as he and Toma were getting ready making their kids happy he was feeling better. Tip agreed seeing them come down in pyjamas but we're seeing their dads leave. That early evening while Oh and Toma were out and Lucy was at work, Tip was watching the mini Boovs but knew that they had made a mistake trying to drive Slushious but they had learnt from it so they were having fun right now, plus they were having ice cream along with being goofballs but it made the teen giggle at their antics because they were cute. \"Maybe our dads will feel better after having alone time since that always helps them out but things will work out, right Aunt Tip?\" Tohro said \"Yes but they're not mad, just scared because I should've known better to let you even try, even if my mom taught me but I was a few years older.\" she said making them understand. \"I see but we didn't mean to make them sad, we were just having fun and we were.\" Gratitcia said but they were moving on makimg Tip relieved hoping Oh and Toma weren't playing footsie in public like they did at home during dinner.[Chapter 4] A/N He-he here's more of the stories but felt like updating, plus thanks to those who reviewed. In this one, it's Summer and Tne fami,y are enjoying things plus Oh's daughter goes to day camp which is very cute whi,e Tohro just wants to hang out with his dad and Tip. I hope you guys like. It was now Summer meaning the Tucci family could have fun because Tip was off school a,omg with Gratiticia but Tohro would be starting an new school after the summer but Oh was anxious about that, because he cared about his kids but right now that morning he was being attacked by flying Pi,lows but heard giggles seeing his kids there, relieved that they had woke him up. \"Hey good morning you two, good joke to get me up since you guys have Earth humour.\" Oh told them mamimg Tohro giggle at this. \"Yeah, Aunt Tip taught us about Earth jokes, like the special one you and her do.\" Gratitcia said. \"I figured.\" Oh told them yawning but fell out of bed cursing in Boov bit Tohro heard it making Oh scared turning yellow. \"Uh-oh what did Toh hear, that made you worry?\" Gratiticia asked curious. \"Your brother kinda,maybe learnt a bad word from me by accident and you know how your brother is when he learns new words Earth or Boov.\" Oh told her but he sighed hearing Tohro use said word giggling. \"Hey we don't say words like that, okay?\" Oh told his son. \"Why not, Daddy?\" the male Boov youngster told him. \"That word you heard me say, it's a bad word that little Boov shouldn't say because that word's meaning isn't very nice and you're too nice to say words like that.\" Oh told him. \"Okay, Toh not say again.\" he said making Oh relieved as they were going to have breakfast but Tip wondered what had happened. \"Toh accidentally learnt a bad word, but I took care of it.\" Oh told her. Tip sighed as he was pouring himself coffee to wake himself up, seeing Tohro playing with a toy car at the table mamimg Gratiticia sigh. But she was going to play with friends but Tip felt bad that Tohro didn't have many friends but preferred being with her and Oh or around Lucy. Oh didn't mind because they had a special bond a,ong with Gratiticia which Tip found sweet. Tip was surprised that Oh was enrol,ing his kids into day camp since Gratiticia would be okay but Tohro ight not be excited about this but Lucy understood since she knew both mini Boov would love day camp, but it's okay because Tohro was like Oh with special needs. \"Yeah, Toh has separation anxiety when apart from me or you Tip.\" Oh told her mamimg Tip smile because she and Tohro had a good bond like her with Oh. \"Yep, but I can hang out with him, if Graty wants to go to day camp.\"\"Yeah Oh told her seeing Gratiticia excitedly looking at the day camp brochure. \"I wanna go daddy, it looks fun!\" she told him making Oh chuckle. \"Yeah Grandma Lucy figured you'd like it, but I don't think Toh would g\"Um Oh, o, you know?\" Oh said to her seeing Tohro playing with Pig but talking in alien tongue. \"Um Oh, what's up with Toh?\" Lucy asked. \"He's just speaking Gorg, I kinda, maybe started teaching him it in case.\" Oh said seeing Tohro talk in English again since she didn't understand Gorg. \"Hey I can teach you some, like how Daddy taught me!\" Tohro said making Tip smile.[Chapter 5] A/N Here's more of the cute antics but hope people like. Gratiticia and Tohro are very cranky after staying up past their bedtime plus they see Tip as a mother of sorts which is very cute. \"Hey you two it's bedtime, not run around the house time plus I need to sleep!\" Oh said to his kids because he was chasing both his kids around the house because it was almost their bedtime, but both Gratiticia and Tohro felt like staying up, making Lucy giggle because it reminded her of when Tip was that age knowing maybe stories would help, seeing Tip go help. \"Guys daddy is right, because he needs his sleep plus so do you guys.\" Tip said. \"We're not tired Mommy, we just want to play!\" Tohro said. Both Oh and Tip was surprised that Tohro had called Tip Mom but it was sweet, guessing it was like Oh with Lucy so it was okay. She was leading both Boov youngsters into their room as they were on her lap while she was telling stories but Oh smirked hearing them and after that were tucking them into their beds, kissing their heads seeing them out like lignts seeing Oh turn Nignt lignts on. Tip understood knowing both mini Boov didn't like the dark, but we're leaving them to sleep but Oh sighed yawning lying on the couch out like a light. She knew that being a father and captain of the Boov tired him out so she knew he needed his rest kissing his head seeing a smile on his face in sleep which made her relieved because she cared very much about him and so did the other Boov because he was their captain, but he needed downtime sometimes. She was going to bed herself hoping that Oh got sleep along with his kids drifting off into sleep. The next day both Gratiticia and Tohro were very sleepy and grumpy making Oh feel bad because they'd went to bed pretty late well he had too, but he could handle staying up late so was letting them stay in bed because they needed their rest, mamimg Tip understand eating breakfast plus she'd made a lot of pancakes so the Mini Boovs could have breakfast when they woke up. \"Hey it's okay plus it's summer so it's okay, if they stayed up because they're good kids and just having fun.\" she assured him kissing his cheek. \"Thanks Tip, for that because I guess to them, you are Mommy.\" Oh said making Tip smile at his innocent words knowing that it was okay. She saw he was sleepy but was giving him coffee to help him wake up as he was zoning out which made her guess he needed to rest too. \"Aw Ohey just like your kids, you need more sleep.\" Tip said cuddlimg him on the couch seeing him asleep on her lap which was cute. Gratiticia was smiling at this because it was cute but it was true what her brother said about Tip being a mother to them but Tip wondered where Tohro was hearing he was sleeping like a log, making Tip smile because it was very cute. \"I see but it's nearly lunchtime because you guys slept in, like your dad.\" Tip said but saw Kyle enter wondering why Oh and his niece were still in pyjamas making Tip sigh. \"Tney're tired because they had a late night Kyle, so just leave them be oKyle kay?\" she told him making Oh underdtand. Kyle frowned leaving but Oh hoped he was okay but was in light blue pyjamas which Tip found cute.[Chapter 6] A/N Here's more and hope you guys like. In this one, Tohro invents remote controlled flying cars he calls Boov Racers but causes mischief and chaos. \"What're you doing guys?\" Tip asked Tohro as he'd just gotten back from the toy store but had gotten radio controlled cars but the male Boov youngster had fixed them up into flying Boov Racers which Tne girl found amaxing. Just like Oh, the little guy is good at building things like his dad which is cool. He's probably gonna fly them around the house, and cause mischief with them, or break stuff! Oh was understanding since he had went to the mall and Tohro had went with him since he'd saved up his allowance since he and his sister did chores like tidying up their room and doing the dishes, but impressed by what his son had done. \"Holy cats that is awesome!\" he said making Tohro smirk at his dad. \"Yep, I'm gonna call them Boov Racers, plus I made a charger since they use batteries like Mommy's tablet, pretty smart right?\" he said but Tip was relieved he hadn't used her new tablet to do this. \"Yep, it is since not a lot of Earth toys are like this.\" Oh told him. Tohro smirked at him because he loved this, tinkering with things just like his dad but was having fun with them making Gratiticia stunned at her brother's creation wondering if Lucy and Tip were okay with this. \"Yes because they'll think it's cool like I do.\" Tohro told his sister making her sigh. \"That's very cool, but you have to be careful okay?\" Tip told him confusing the male Boov youngster because he didn't understand some things some times but knew that he didn't want to cause any harm to anybody or anything. \"I don't understand why, I'm just playing Mommy.\" Tohro told her which she thought cute so didn't mind that he and his sister called her that. \"You might break something like a vase or you might hurt Pig, flying those things in the house and I know you don't want that, right?\" Tip told him. \"So I can't play with them at all?\" Tohro asked her. \"Yes but outside sweetie, since I know how important your creations are.\" Tip told him seeing him nod. She hoped the male Boov youngster was okay and that his feelings weren't hurt by her saying that[Chapter 7] A/N Here's more and hope people like the antics, plus getting Home on DVD gave me more ideas like the mini Boov, who are Oh's kids plus watching Home tonight gave me ideas In this one, Tohro comes down with Boov Pox, the Boov form of chickenpox so Gratiticia is a little sad that she can't hang around her brotner until he's better. It was a typical Saturday morning in the Tucci house ad Tne alarm clock rang in Hratiticia and Tohro's room as Gratiticia slammed the snooze button getting up smirking because Tne weekend was her favourite part of the werk because anything could happen and anything could happen but first she and her brotner always watched Saturday morning tv while waiting for the family to wake up, then had breakfast but took it from there. \"Hey Toh it's Saturday, you up?\" Hratiticia said. She saw her brother asleep but was curious especially seeing spots covered her brotner's purple skinned body making her wonder what it was. Annoyed noised came from her brotner touching him even though it was Saturday but the male Boov youngster was grumpy as he woke up. \"Hey, how did those spots get all over me, why I feel funny?\" Tohro said coughing making his sister worry because he was sick. \"Uh-oh Toh, I think you're sick! We have to tell Daddy, he'll know what to do!\" Gratiticia said. Tohro was anxious but hoped that things would be okay seeing his sister drag a sleepy Oh into Tneir room but he was stunned seeing Tohro sick because he cared about his kids and didn't want anything to happen to them. \"Yep your brother's sick alright, with Boov Pox.\" Oh said making them curious. \"Toh's gonna get better, right?\" Gratiticia asked. Oh nodded but was knowing they were supposed to be going to Flan's house for a play date bit at least Gratiticia could still go. Gratiticia wax getting dressed but felt bad for her brotner because Tney always did everything together so being apart was going to be hard for a bit making Oh underdtand smelling breakfast. \"We need to eat breakfast.\" Oh told her. The female Boov youngster nodded going downstairs but she was worried about her brother hoping her dad was okay. Oh was freaking out because Tohro had Boov Pox which was contagious meaning his sister had to stay away from him making Gratiticia sigh making Tip underdtand, but she cared about tnem a lot, so could help Tne female Boov youngster knowing she might get jealous because her dad was giving Tohro attention. Lucy saw Oh quiet but wearing a surgeon's mask over his mouth making Tip sigh guessing he never had Boov Pox. He shook his purple skinned head making Tip sigh because he could end up sick but it was sweet he was taking care of Tohro like this unaware germs had entered his system so was feeling a little funny making Tip curious sighing. \"Oh. You okay?\" she asked him. \"Yes Tip, why ask?\" Oh replied drinking juice. \"Never mind.\" Tip said. Lucy saw spots beginning to appear on the male Boov's arms guessing he was catching what Tohro had but Tip sighed because she cared about him very much so seeing him sick or hurt scared her like the time he'd tried to stop Gorg by himself which made her sigh. it's like chicken pox sweetie, he just needs to rest.\" Lucy said.\"Hey Tip nodded seeing Gratiticia ready for her play date bit Tip understood. \"You're gonna have fun without Toh, trust me.\" she told Gratiticia. The female Boov youngster hoped so because she could hear Tohro coughing which made her feel sad he couldn't join in the fun she and Flan were gonna have. Tip was worrying seeing Oh sway back and forth but saw he was not dee,ing so good but she was getting him to lie down on the couch putting an ice pack on his purple skinned head to bring the fever down seeing more spots appear all over the male Boov's body worrying her and Lucy. \"Owww...\" Oh whimpered which made them understand. \"Hey it's gonna be okay, because it's just Boov Pox.\" Tip told him. She could hear coughing from him making her feel bad for him because she hated seeing him like this so he would be okay but he was important to her plus she considered him a good friend plus teaching both Gratiticia and Tohro the Earth way. Tohro had just entered the room feverish making Tip worry for the male Boov youngster because he was under the weather so she would take care of the both of them. Later she saw Gratiticia back but she saw her dad and brother on the couch but she understood after Tip explained meaning she couldn't go near them.[Chapter 8] \"Wow, so Toh is going to a different school?\" Gratitica asked. \"Yes, it fits with him, and his special needs but he's scared about it.\" Tip said to her. \"How come, because Earth school rocks!\" the female Boov youngster said making Tip smile. \"Well, yes but we can all help Toh be brave, to try an new thing.\" Tip said. It was the beginning of Fall meaning an new school year was beginning for the mini Boov but Gratiticia would be in first grade while Tohro would be in special ed kindergarten in a different school which she and Lucy had helped Oh find. Right now Tip was watching the mini Boov because school hadn't started yet plus Oh was working at Boov HQ today so it was okay plus the mini Boov loved her watching them because they thought of her as a Mom, but Tip didn't mind. Plus everytime Oh or Tip mentioned school, Gratitica was excited but Tohro was anxious and quiet which made both Oh and Tip worry for the male Boov youngster because he was like his dad. \"Maybe your daddy can help, since he used to be like Toh.\" Tip said. \"Yeah, right, daddy is brave and smart.\" Gratitica said. \"Hm, this reminds me of a story.\" Tip said making the female Boov youngster happy because she and Tohro loved Tip's stories wondering if she should get Tohro. \"We can tell him later, along with your dad.\" Tip said. \"Wait, where is Toh?\" Gratiticia asked. \"In your room playing with toys, and Pug.\" Tip told her. \"Toh, school won't be scary as you think but why scared?\" Oh asked at bedtime. It was now both Gratiticia and Tohro's bedtime seeing Tip join them but was telling the story she'd told Gratiticia earlier but Tohro was in awe. \"I knew Uncle Smek was mean, from how he treats daddy but that was so cool how he helped the Gorg but I just am scared of this new school because I don't know any kids there, plus my sister isn't there with me.\" Tohro said turning pink which meant embarrassment. \"Aw, it's okay to be like that Toh.\" Gratiticia said. \"Really?\" Tohro said. \"Yep because at day camp I felt like that because I didn't know anybody there, but then I started having so much fun, I forgot about being shy to the point where I didn't want to come home.\" she told her brother. He hoped she was right because he was sometimes afraid to try new things.[Chapter 9] A/N Here's more but thanks to InsideLove for reviewing which means a lot but hope they like. It's bedtime at the Tucci house but the mini Boov are getting ready for sleep. It was now October meaning Halloween was coming which made Gratiticia and Tohro happy because it meant dressing up and get candy but Tip had reminded Oh about when he'd eaten too much Halloween candy which made both mini Boov curious as Tip told them making them understand, because they didn't want to get sick like Tneir dad had. Tip was happy that they were very smart but they were going as super aliens making her giggle because they were super Boov just like their dad. Oh hoped that they would get a lot of candy because a lot of the human kids in both his kids's classes told them only cool costumes like scary ones got the most candy, but scary wasn't them. \"You think peopke will like our costumes?\" Tohro asked softly cuddling Pig. \"Yes, the kids in your class are wrong, because Halloween is fun.\" Tip said which was helping them feel better plus had carved Jack o lanterns plus it was almost bedtime well for Gratiticia it was, since Tohro didn't sleep sometimes which Oh and Tip were working on it. \"Go get ready for bed, guys.\" Oh said as Tohro was following his sister upstairs plus Lucy was drinking coffee in the kitchen but Oh and Tip joined her. \"I see it's bedtime, but you guys are very good with Gratiticia and Tohro plus Toh needs help with his sleep.\" Lucy told them seeing Oh nod. In the bathroom both Gratiticia and Tohro were washing up and in pyjamas but playing sword fight using their toothbrushes as swords giggling but brushing their terth since they still had baby teeth but Tohro was quiet. \"Maybe Mommy is right, that our costumes are cool.\" he said. \"Yes, since some of Tne otner costumes are weird.\" Gratiticia said. \"We could go as Gorg, in their monster suits!\" Tohro said. Gratiticia giggled at her brotner being a goofball because they were always playing games making Oh chuckle. \"Ojay you two, it's bedtime not playtime.\" he said. He and Gratiticia were going into the bedroom she and Tohro shared because normally Tip would soothe Tohro to sleep because of his sleep issues, so Tip was helping him out seeing Tohro come downstairs as she understood. \"Daddy's with Graty, in our room.\" Tne male Boov youngster said playing with Pig more because to get him to sleep he had to wear himself out making Tip giggle but good that at kindergarten Tohro took an nap so it was okay. \"Maybe we should go, as Gorg in monster suits for Halloween.\" Tohro said making Tip sigh because the male Boov youngster was just being himself but getting a little sleepy which was relieving Tip. \"He's wearing out, which is good.\" Tip told Oh after he came downstairs. \"Good, since he has school.\" Oh replied softly. Tohro was rubbing his eyes which was a sign that he was ready to sleep which made Oh and Tip happy carrying him to Tne bedroom he and his sister shared. Tip was tucking him in but she and Oh kissed his head but left both mini Boov to sleep which they needed.[Chapter 10] \"Sweet, Uncle Sheldon's coming to hang out with us!\" Tohro said exvited.y jumping up and down making Oh chuckle at his son but Tip found it cute since they and Lucy were going out tonight and both Gratiticia were needing watched. \"Yes, maybe you guys can invent things, since he's as smart as you are.\" Tip told Tohro as Gratiticia was unsure because they only really liked Tip babysitting them so didn't know if Uncle Sheldon woukd be fun or tell them funny stories like Tip did. Both mini Boov were in pyjamas but Oh had ordered pizza for them Pkus they could have ice cream for desdert. \"Daddy, is Incle Sheldon good at telling stories, lime Mommy or play fun games?\" Gratiticia asked. \"Aw it's okay, but he'll be fun if you give him a chance sweetie.\" Tip told her kissing her Purpke forehead. \"Omay, I'll try.\" Gratiticia said as Tne doorbell rang. It was the pizza guy making them exvited as Tip giggled seeing Sheldon here but surprised that Oh's kids were bigger sijce he'd seen them as babies makimg Oh chuckle hugging him. \"They'll be okay, but no scary movies okay?\" Oh told his human brother remembering how Sheldon had let Tohro watch Raiders of the Lost Ark and his imagination had went nuts making Sheldon understand. While Sheldon and Tohro were building robots in Tne living room and chuckling, Gratiticia was in her and Tohro's room playing with her dolls which she did a lot sometimes when Tohro had playtime with their dad or if Tohro had play dates hearing the door open seeing Tohro therr with cookies and milk. \"Hey, aren't you and Sheldon building robots?\" Gratiticia asked her brother seeing him rub the side of his mouth which was a sign he was either scared or anxious guessing he missed their parents being here. \"H-He was talking to some lady on his laptop and they were yelling so I wanted to come in here is that okay?\" Tohro said. \"Ues, it is our room after all p,us Uncle Sheldon doesn't know how to play with us like Mommy Tip and daddy.\" Tohro said as Gratiticia nodded. Tbey then made a blanket fort or a cave but playing with flashlights giggling and making up stories making shadow puppets with their hands but Oh and Tip just getting home wondered where the mini Boov were, hearing Tohro initiating Smek's vouce making Oh giggle. \"Aww, they made a blanket fort!\" Tip said smiling. \"I get feeling, Sheldon didn't play with them so they made their own fun.\" Oh said as Sheldon sighed. \"Yeah, I started building robots with Toh and then Amy called so I got distracted.\" Sheldon admitted hearing Tip sigh. \"At least they made their own fun, when they got bored but it's cute.\" she said seeing what time it was getting in there seeing both mini Boov hug her. \"Uncle Sheldon wasn't very fun, as he didn't play with us or tell fun stories like you do.\" Gratiticia said as Tohro nodded. \"But we made a fort and were having fun like camping.\" Tohro said makimg her smile but saw them sleepy especially Tohro since he found it hard to sleep tucking them into beds kissing their purple heads ad she left their room. She joined Oh downstairs as he and Lucy were talking so surprised Gratiticia and especially Tohro were in bed which was good hoping that they were having good dreams and felt bad Sheldon hadn't had fun with them. \"It's okay, plus they made a blanket fort which is very impressive for kids their age but what gave them the idea?\" Tip said. \"The photo of us camping in your room kinda helped, as I showed them some photos.\" Oh told her makimg her understand.[Chapter 11] It was a hot Spring day but both Gratiticia and Tohro were thirsty after school so we're in the kitchen hoping to find s good snack that would help them cool down hearing Tohro exvited after twenty minutes of looking through the fridge finding grape soda chuckling, because he had reme,breed that at the grocery store their dad had bought soda plus they had never tried it before, so they were pretty excited grabbing a Purpke can of Welch's grape soda running upstairs before either their dad or Tip found out. Tohro closed the door of their room pumped up to try this beverage their dad was in love with giggling as Tney popped open Tne cans smelling Tne sweet stuff from inside. \"One giant leap for mini Boov hehe!\" they said drinking but it made their tastebuds sing, and we're in love as their hands shook, they were restless giggling a lot meaning Tneir first sufar rush since both Tip and Oh had never let Tnem have soda before, so,of course both mini Boov were curious. Tip noticed the fridge door was still open as she walked into the kitchen from school seeing two cans of soda were missing but wondered if Oh was home hearing Hratiticia and Tohro hyper realising they'd drank soda, making her worried especially when Tohro had figured how to turn off Tne gravity in Tne house. \"Not funny you two but surprised you tried soda and you're more hyped up than Oh when he has soda and turn the gravity back on okay?\" Tip said hearing Graticitia giggle. \"You didn't say Tne magic word!\" Tohro said giggling. Oh was surprised coming home seeing the gravity was off turning it back on relieving Tip hugging him explaining the mini Boov had discovered soda so running rampant and had turned the gravity off making Oh underdtand, since Tneir kids were curious about stuff knowing they would cool down. \"Sure...\" Tip said hearing Pig hiss guessing he was surprised by what was going on seeing Boov Racers knowing Tohro had been using them inside making Oh understand going to check on them seeing them getting tired which was good. \"Tip, they're sleepy so things shoukd cool down right?\" he called from upstairs seeing her there relieved but worried knowing it took a little soda to make the mini Boov ŵild hearing both Hraticia and Tohro asleep knowing it had been a mistake so they would talk about it later. Later after sleeping both mini Boov were awake after sleeping off their sugar rush making Tip relieved knowing they had to talk about what they did making Hratiticia sigh because they had been curious about soda but Tohro was on her lap. \"You really worried us, when you drank soda because it hypes little Boov like you up to the point where you get into mischief so just be careful.\" Tip said. \"Sorry Mommy, for scaring you but dad drinks soda all time and nothing happens to him.\" Tohro said making Tip sigh. \"Your dad is an adult, so he can do what he wants but you're still kids so you need us to help you grow up.\" Tip said[Chapter 12] A/N hehe so I got the Home graphic novel for my birthday today and it was so good but gave me ideas for this series, and this one was inspired by the story in it called Ghost Stories Tohro has developed a fear of Tne dark thanks to a ghost story Gratiticia told him, so his dad and Mama Tip help. Oh was stunned finding Tohro in his bed in the middle of the night guessing his son had a fear of the dark, like what had happened to him when he and Tip had been camping, hearing his first ghost story had freaked him out but Tip and Pig had helped him conquer that fear so he wanted to help Tohro conquer his fear of the dark. He was hearing his son snoring which was cute hoping Tip might help him but going back to sleep as he needed sleep too drifting off. Later that morning Hratiticia, Lucy and Tip saw a grumpy Yohro enter the kitchen, following an ever perky Oh wondering what the heck was wrong with Tohro making Hratiticia sigh feeling guilty. \"Somebody is afraid of dark, Tip like I was.\" Oh said making Tip nod remembering that seeing Tohro yawn, drinking juice making Tip understand. \"We should help him, as it reminds me of you after I told you your first ghost story.\" Tip said pouring cereal into bowls. Mama Tip, I need help about Tohro.\" Gratiticia said making Tip curious following the female mini Boov out of there listening to her explain, chuckling. \"Aw, sweetie it was a mistake but it was like what I did to your dad, by telling him a ghost story so I helped him get brave.\" Tip said making her impressed. \"Can you make Tohro not scared?\" Gratiticia adked her, seeing Tip nod making her happy seeing Oh with a sleeping Tohro on his lap. He had gotten him to take an nap knowing tonight would be rough making Tip understand as she was taking Gratiticia with her to Tne grocery store aking Oh sigh seeing Pig there nuzzling one of his legs, making him smile \"Toh just needs help, in being brave in dark.\" Oh said as Lucy understood but knowing he was a good dad hearing Tohro begin to stir rubbing sleep from his eyes, cuddling his dad who he thought was brave. Oh was nodding listening to him explain what made him afraid of the dark in the first place underdtanding, because it had been like him after Tip had told him his first scary story assuring him, that nothing in Tne dark would hurt him. He was telling Tohro that story hearing him surprised that one of his earth mom's ghost stories had freaked his dad out but happy that his dad had conquered his fear of the dark, wanting to conquer ig too. \"That's good Toh, as also Gratiticia can help.\" Oh said making the male Boov youngster nod seeing Slushious hover into the driveway but was hugging Tip's leg and his sister \"Aren't you mad at me, Toh?\" Gratiticia asked surprised. \"Nope, p,us daddy to,d me a story that helped.\" Tohro said making Tip grin because she knew what it had been so knew Tohro was feeling better. ","Summary":" A/N He-he after writing the newest chapter of Oh at Home involving Oh and Tomas's kids, I coukdn't "},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Amaryllis","Author":"WildRelapsedCreature","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11261400","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Quest for Camelot. The only character I own is Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar, I most likely do not own. Lady Julianna, Sir Lionel, and their daughter Kayley were riding to the meeting point of the knights. Sir Lionel was a knight. He stopped his horse and he helped Lady Julianna off of hers. He caught Kayley as she jumped off of her horse. They rolled down the sandy hill laughing. \"Tell me again why you became a knight!\" Kayley sighed. \"Kayley, you've heard it a thousand times!\" Lady Julianna laughed. \"It's alright my dear. Well my daughter, before you were born, the land was dark and divided. Brother, fighting brother. The only hope for the land was in the sword Excalibur. Only the true king could pull the sword from the stone. Many tried, all failed. Then, on the day you were born, a young man pulled the sword from the stone. His name was Arthur. He was that true king. The town rejoiced,\" Sir Lionel explained, \"As a knight I took an oath. To protect the king, Camelot, and Excalibur.\" A trumpet sounded in the distance. The sound of hooves came up and a small woman with black hair came over the hill. Her hair was braided back and she looked to be about nineteen. \"They're waiting for you Lionel.\" the teen called. \"Thank you Amaryllis.\" Sir Lionel said his goodbyes to Lady Julianna and Kayley. Amaryllis had her horse trot up to the two girls. Lionel saved Amaryllis' life when she was twelve. She always looked after his family when he went to Camelot. The debt could never be paid, but Amaryllis was going to try. Amaryllis accompanied the two back home. Now it was just a waiting game until Lionel returned. Lionel and the other knights got back to Camelot and they all went to sit at the Round Table. \"I've waited a long time for this! What about my new land?\" a knight with red hair and a malicious scowl asked. \"Ruber, the land will be divided depending on each person's needs.\" King Arthur sighed. \"Well then I need more than everyone.\" \"The king has decided,\" Lionel snarled. \"Well then maybe it's time for a new king. I vote for me,\" \"I will serve no new king.\" \"Then you'll serve a dead one!\" Ruber got on the table and ran to attack the king. Lionel ran foreword to intercept his attack. But he was hit backwards. Ruber kept his advance towards King Arthur. Arthur pulled out Excalibur and the magical sword shot him backwards. Amaryllis was outside watching Kayley play. She saw the knights in the distance. Kayley ran foreword to look for Lionel. Amaryllis couldn't see him. Then the fog cleared. Lionel was dead.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of the characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar, I most likely do not own. It'd had been ten years since Lionel's death. Amaryllis had made a deal with King Arthur that once she felt that Kayley was old enough to take care of herself and her family, Amaryllis was to go back to Camelot. She would then visit them every now and again. Kayley had grown to be a nice young woman. She was determined and persistent. Just like her father. Amaryllis missed Lionel dearly. She was outside doing chores with Kayley. She heard the trumpet. Kayley gasped and ran inside. \"Arthur.\" Amaryllis breathed. She quickly followed Kayley into the house. Kayley began bargaining with her mother. \"No! Absolutely not!\" Julianna snapped. \"But mother! Excalibur has been stolen. I must go after it.\" Kayley pleaded. \"That is a job for the knights!\" \"But I want to be a knight! Go on grand adventures! Fighting evil, rescuing damsels in distress. What is a damsel anyway?\" Amaryllis hid her smile under her hand. She was leaning against the wall across the room. \"Now Kayley, stand still and try on your new dress.\" Julianna and the other woman forced the dress over Kayley's head. \"Mother! I don't want a new dress! I want to save Camelot. If you would just let me I know I could find Excalibur all on my own.\" Kayley insisted. Amaryllis watched sadly. She wasn't a knight, she was a simple servant around the castle. She had been wandering the kingdom, near starvation when she was younger. Lionel saved her life. It was a few months after Excalibur had been pulled from the stone and after Kayley was born. She had stumbled among the knights, close to death, and Lionel had taken her to the beginnings of the castle. Amaryllis had ran from her father. He was going to sell her to a man so he could get more money. Even though she had been a servant, she learned sword fighting techniques from both Arthur and Lionel. Merlin had taught her how to bandage wounds and help the sick and injured. \"The knights will find the sword and they'll do it by working together.\" Julianna insisted. Kayley ran to the wall and grabbed Lionel's shield off of the hook. \"But I'm working here! Doing the chores, fetching the eggs, taking care of the house, boring! Where's the glory in that?\" she handed the shield to the man behind her. \"Kayley, one day you'll learn what Camelot means. Til then, you'll stay here with me.\" Julianna replied. Amaryllis sighed. She felt bad for Kayley but she knew what Julianna was doing. She had already lost Lionel. She didn't want to loose Kayley as well. \"Oh all right!\" Kayley grumbled. She took off the dress and threw it on the floor. Julianna sighed. \"I'll go talk to her Julianna.\" Amaryllis offered. Julianna nodded and Amaryllis followed Kayley up the stairs. Julianna turned around to face the tapestry of Lionel, Kayley, and herself. \"What would you do? What would you do?\" Julianna asked. Amaryllis was outside with Kayley. Kayley walked into the hen house to get the eggs. Amaryllis heard a noise and turned to see what it was. Someone grabbed her wrists and covered her mouth. \"How am I ever going to do great things? If I'm stuck here! With these silly chickens.\" Kayley sighed. Amaryllis tried to say something, but she couldn't move. She was stuck and couldn't get out of the person's grasp. A man walked into the hen house and grabbed Kayley. This was not good.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or the characters in any way. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that doesn't seem familiar, I most likely do not own. The men started ambushing the house. Amaryllis and Kayley were pulled up to it. \"Knock knock.\" a guy with a mask smirked. \"Who-who are you?\" Julianna asked. The man pulled off his mask. \"Ruber.\" \"Julianna! I was in the neighborhood and I thought I'd invade. How bout a little kiss? I hear you're still single.\" \"Get off of me pig!\" \"Is that a no?\" \"I demand you leave immediately.\" \"So rude. And after I came all this way, just to see you.\" \"What do you want?\" \"Camelot. Let's go back to war and violence. I'm so bored of this and silence. Knights of evil, filled with fear. Your worst dream. That's my idea of fire.\" \"You're mad.\" \"I'm so glad you noticed! I've been working at it for years. Let darkness find it's sad ways. Let's go back to good ole bad days. No more foolish acts of kindness. Arthur and his kingdom, will be mine. And pretty Julianna, you're going to help me.\" \"I would sooner die!\" Ruber cut Kayley out of the tapestry. \"I think you'll find you won't be able to resist!\" Kayley and Amaryllis were pushed through the door. Ruber cut the head off of the Kayley in the tapestry. The men brought Amaryllis and Kayley foreword. \"Mother!\" Kayley called. Amaryllis stayed silent and tried to get out of the two men's hold. The two men holding Kayley threw her to the ground. \"Don't you dare harm her!\" Julianna cried. Another two men reached out to hold her arms so that she couldn't move. Kayley grabbed a guy's weapon and ran to hit Ruber with it. He turned and caught it. Making her gasp. Amaryllis clenched her teeth. This can't be happening. \"Follow my plan, and she won't be hurt.\" Ruber grinned and looked to Amaryllis, \"How nice it is to see you. Finally I found you and how easy it was too!\" \"Go to hell!\" Amaryllis spat. The men took all three of them outside where Ruber was standing in front of a pit. There was only one man holding Julianna, Kayley and Amaryllis. Amaryllis was not happy. \"Years from now, no one with bother. To recall your good King Arthur. Because all of this, will be mine! This, will all be mine.\" Ruber began. \"Over my dead body.\" Amaryllis muttered under her breath. There was only one man holding Julianna, Kayley, and Amaryllis. Ruber came outside and stood next to a pit. \"I have a plan. It includes you! You Julianna will lead me to, Camelot. Where I will claim all that is mine. In the back of your wagons my men will all hide. You'll sit up front as the gates open wide.\" The men holding Kayley and Amaryllis took them back near the wall next to the stairs. \"Now watch me create, my mechanical army! With pride!\" The man holding Julianna took her over to Kayley and Amaryllis. \"With this potion I bought from some witches, a drop on this chicken. Watch as I turn this into a weapon I can use at will.\" Ruber threw a chicken and an ax into the pit that Ruber had put some of his potion in. The chicken reappeared in the green smoke, but it wasn't a chicken. It was the chicken and the ax combined. \"Step right up and enter quickly! I'll transform the meek and sickly into iron men, with hands of steel.\" He kicked a man into the pit and then threw in two maces. The man reappeared as complete metal. The maces were his hands. \"Yes, yes, into the waters quickly now!\" The men holding Kayley and Amaryllis let go and walked over eagerly. One of the transformed men came over and grabbed Julianna's other arm. Amaryllis and Kayley ducked behind them. Julianna looked over her shoulder. \"Go to Camelot. Warn Arthur.\" Julianna whispered. \"I won't leave you here.\" Kayley insisted. \"Kayley. Ruber will be at Camelot in three days. Take the main road. Amaryllis knows the way. Get there before us.\" \"But mother!\" \"Go! While you have the chance. Go Kayley! You two are our only hope!\" Amaryllis grabbed Kayley's wrist and pulled her through a crack in the wall next to the stairs. Kayley and Amaryllis ran down the pathway. They started to get to the bridge of stone when a griffin flew overhead. It landed on the bridge and Kayley and Amaryllis ducked under the stone and hid. \"Ahh my faithful pet. How was the flight? Panic sweeps across the land!\" Ruber guessed. \"Precisely.\" the creature replied. \"My plan is perfect.\" \"Precisely.\" \"Without the sword, Arthur is vulnerable.\" Amaryllis clenched her fists and bit her lip. Kayley noticed and grabbed her hand. Amaryllis squeezed her hand in thanks. \"Precisely.\" \"And now Excalibur, is mine.\" The creature grumbled and started mumbling under its breath. \"Excuse me?\" Ruber grabbed its neck and pulled the creature towards him, \"You lost, Excalibur? How?\" Kayley let go of Amaryllis' hand. Amaryllis shook her head at Kayley but sighed when the girl climbed up the rocks next to them to hear better. Amaryllis flattened herself to the wall. She was wearing similar clothes to Kayley, but hers were different shades of blue and green. \"I was attacked. By a falcon.\" the griffin replied. Amaryllis held back her snort. Wow. Falcon beats griffin. \"What? My magnificent beast outmatched by a puny little pigeon?\" \"It wasn't a pigeon. It was a falcon! With silver wings.\" \"Silver wings?! Oh scary! You stupid animal! Where is the sword now?\" 'Silver Wings. Thank goodness.' Amaryllis thought. \"In a place of untold danger,\" the creature began, \"the Forbidden Forest. Precisely master.\" Kayley ducked down. Amaryllis looked at her and motioned for her to come back. \"Have I told you today how magnificently, potently, worthless you are?\" The creature shrieked. \"Excalibur is the one thing that can keep me from my quest of Camelot.\" Kayley and Amaryllis were riding away on their horses. Ruber heard the sound of their hooves and turned around. \"Ah that girl! And Amaryllis! You, you, and you! Fancy feet! Find them and bring them back! And you, you are going to lead me to Excalibur.\" Amaryllis and Kayley came down the fork in the road. The two goons were following them. Kayley went down the path of the Forbidden Forest. \"No Kayley!\" Amaryllis called. But it was too late. They were going down the path of the Forbidden Forest. Nothing could protect them in there. AN: There's a chance that I could finish Amaryllis within the next couple days. I'm hoping that I can reach that goal so that I can finish Power Rangers RPM: Ranger Operator Series Purple so I can work on Supernatural Love. Supernatural Love and Power Rangers RPM: Ranger Operator Series Purple are going to take awhile.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of the characters in anyway. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar, I most likely do not own. Amaryllis and Kayley went down the path. Their horses were terrified. One of the goons following them shot these spearheads at them. They hit a tree and the tree fell. They went through the river to escape. The river turned to a makeshift path. They were headed right to the center of the Forbidden Forest. They got to the trees and Kayley's horse threw her off. Amaryllis jumped off of her horse to help Kayley. They looked behind them to see the goons still following them. \"The Forbidden Forest.\" Kayley muttered. \"Come on Kayley!\" Amaryllis urged, pulling Kayley to her feet. They ran into the forest, seeing as it was their only option left. Their hair got caught in branches and they could barely tell where they were going. Amaryllis got a scratch down the side of her face from one of the branches. She could feel the blood dripping down her cheek but she ignored it. Kayley tripped over a root and fell into the water down below. Amaryllis gasped and slid down the slope into the water. \"Hey! That's my net!\" a guy came from out of the trees. Kayley was sitting in the water with a net draped over her head. Amaryllis waded over to help her get the net off. The goons jumped down into the water next to them. Amaryllis stood next to Kayley in a defensive stance. There was no way she was going to let Kayley get hurt. She wouldn't allow it. The guy looked around at the goons. One of them threw the chicken combined with an ax. The guy dodged and the chicken hit the tree and got stuck. Silver Wings flew out from the trees. \"Silver Wings!\" Amaryllis whispered. Silver Wings distracted one of the iron beasts and the guy hit one into the water with his stick. He hit the other one, but that just pissed it off. The one that fell into the water stood up and the guy hit it between the legs and pushed it backwards. A rock ate him. The chicken with the ax pulled free from the tree, only to fall into the water below. Silver Wings landed on a vine and shrieked. The guy hit the vine and a log came from the brush and hit the goon into a whorl pool. The guy smirked. Kayley pulled herself free from the net and stood up. Amaryllis steadied her. \"That-that was incredible! You smashed those creatures. You-you all with that thing. You're amazing you're not even listening to me.\" Kayley huffed. Amaryllis grinned. The guy, he looked so familiar. She just couldn't remember from where! \"It took me six weeks to make this net!\" the guy grumbled, holding the torn net in his hands. \"Net? You saved my life! Thank you.\" Kayley put her hair back into a ponytail. Amaryllis' hair was in a braid down her back. She cracked a ghost of a smile. This was, interesting. \"Well, anyone can make mistakes.\" \"Oh I get it! This is where King Arthur sends his unfunny jesters right?\" \"And now I'll thank you.\" \"For what?\" \"For reminding me why I'm a hermit. Good day!\" \"But wait! What's your name?\" \"It's Garret.\" Amaryllis froze. No wonder she recognized him! He was the stable boy that she used to hang out with when she was bored. Even though she was older than him, he was the third friend she had. Amaryllis didn't get close to people. She wasn't one for socializing. \"I'm Kayley! That's Amaryllis!\" Garret stopped in his tracks. \"Hey Garret. Long time no see right?\" Amaryllis murmured. Kayley looked downright confused. Garret just shook his head and kept going. Amaryllis didn't question him. She just silently followed Kayley as she continued to pester him. Kayley brushed off the new information. \"Garret! Why won't you look me when I'm talking to you?\" she asked and ran up to him, \"Oh. I didn't realize you were-\" \"What? Tall? Rugged? Handsome?\" Amaryllis snorted. Still had that sarcastic humor didn't he? Amaryllis just let Kayley figure out what was wrong with him on her own. She already knew. \"Blind.\" Kayley breathed. \"You know, I always forget that one.\" Garret mused. Kayley just followed him. Amaryllis treaded quietly after. Silver Wings flew to Garret. \"Not now.\" \"Hey look, that falcon has silver wings.\" Kayley pointed out. Amaryllis quietly laughed. Good job Kayley. \"Really? I'll have to take your word for that.\" Garrent replied. \"No I'm sorry. It means that he knows where Excalibur is.\" \"Of course he does! In Camelot! You know, big castle, lots of flags.\" \"No! Its somewhere in the forest! Ruber has stolen it and he's taken my mother hostage. That's why I'm here! I must find the sword and return it to Arthur or Camelot and my mother are doomed.\" Amaryllis bit her lip. She was worried about Arthur. She really was. What had happened to him when they took Excalibur? He must've been with the sword at the time. He usually keeps it within his sight. Silver Wings flew down and landed on Garret's arm. He started chirping. Garret nodded his head. \"Excalibur is here? Right! We're going after it.\" \"Great!\" \"Not you. Me and Aiden. We work alone.\" \"Well I don't see why I can't come along!\" Amaryllis sighed. Great. This was go to be a bit difficult to deal with.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of the characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar, I most likely do not own. Amaryllis watched the dispute between Kayley and Garret. \"I know the sound of each rock and stone.\" he began. He tapped the rock he was standing on three times. It began to rise. Kayley ran and jumped on it. Climbing up the side of it. Amaryllis sighed and followed her. She went up careful and agile. \"I embrace what others fear. You are not to roam in this forgotten place. Just the likes of me are welcome here. Everything breathes, and I know each breath. For me it means life, for others it's death. Perfectly in balance, perfectly planned. It's more than enough for this man.\" Kayley followed Garret across the tree he had walked on. She got to the waterfall and it dumped its contents on her as she went under. Amaryllis chuckled under her breath. She still had quite a lot to learn. Amaryllis took her hand and parted the water. Droplets raced down her arm, dampening her clothes. She ducked under the arch and continued to follow Kayley and Garret at a distance. \"Like every tree, stands on its own. Reaching for the sky I stand alone. I share my world, with no one else. All by myself, I stand alone.\" Kayley started walked across the tree's roots. The roots started to move. Amaryllis shook her head and walked on a root as carefully as she could muster. A branch came down to help her cross over to the other side. \"Thank you. But can I continue like this? I loved walked along your beautiful roots.\" Amaryllis murmured. The branch backed off and Amaryllis smiled. Kayley had made it to the other side. Leaves blew around. Kayley stood against the stone as Garret continued. \"I've seen your world. With these very eyes. Don't come any closer, don't even try. I've felt all the pain, heard all the lies. In my world there's no compromise.\" Garret walked along the water fountains. One of them pushed Kayley up off of her feet. Amaryllis crossed it with ease. They continued to follow Garret. Kayley was still in the front. \"Like every tree, stands on its own. Reaching for the sky, I stand alone. I share my world, with no one else. All by myself, I stand alone.\" Garret stepped on one of the flowers that spun and flew. Kayley was having trouble with trying to get on one as Amaryllis easily stood on one. \"All by myself, I stand alone. All by myself, I stand alone.\" Amaryllis stepped off of the flower behind Garret as Kayley climbed up next to them. \"I stand alone too.\" Kayley insisted. Aiden landed on Kayley's arm. \"Aiden!\" Garret called. \"I just need your help this once.\" \"Oh alright. But don't give me trouble.\" Kayley and Garret started to walk. Amaryllis again followed at a pace behind them. \"What a fine mess you've got me in Aiden.\" Garret grumbled as purple sappy stuff from a flower fell onto his head. \"Oh this isn't so bad!\" Kayley insisted. Kayley stepped on a bit of grass. A mouth came up growling. Garret hit it with his stick and continued to follow Kayley. Amaryllis treaded quietly behind Garret. No matter how much she knew about the Forbidden Forest, Garret knew more. She had watched what he had been doing so she could learn. \"I don't know why you have to make such a fuss.\" A bramble straightened towards Kayley and Garret hit it with his stick. Amaryllis sighed. Kayley just wasn't careful. \"I had a tougher time collecting eggs!\" Garret threw a rock in Kayley's direction that hit another grass monster that she had pissed off. \"Trouble, trouble, trouble. With a capital T!\" Garret grumbled. Amaryllis just watched silently. The metal monsters that Ruber had created were finally released from the lake and rock's hold. They were both spat out onto the lake bed. The rock spit at the monster it had swallowed. Speaking of Ruber, he was pacing around a rock following the griffin. \"Come on you mythical moron! Where did you drop the sword?\" Ruber growled. \"It all looks so different from down here.\" the griffin groaned. Ruber had grabbed the griffin by the scruff just as the chicken axe thing came tumbling down into the little clearing they were in. \"You! Report!\" Ruber instructed. \"Uh uh oh. Uh the girls and the black warrior they're following a silver winged falcon. Uh who knows where Excalibur is.\" the chicken nervously informed. \"They'll lead us right to it!\" Ruber grinned, \"We're going after them!\" The chicken had wiped all of the mud off of itself when Ruber stepped in the mud puddle and covered him in mud again. \"You looking at me?\" the chicken asked the one eyed plants that had popped up, \"Are you looking at me?\"[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of its characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the storyline that seems familiar I most likely do not own. In Camelot, the knights were trying to figure out where Excalibur was. They also were fixing the tower from where the griffin broke in. \"Come on men! We must repair this tower!\" one encouraged. Merlin was bandaging up Arthur's arm. \"Merlin is there any news? Have the knights found Excalibur?\" Arthur asked. \"I'm afraid not.\" Merlin replied. \"Then I'll go after it myself.\" Arthur stood up, but stumbled on his first step. Merlin caught him. \"No. You have to regain your strength.\" Merlin insisted. \"Is there anything your magic can do?\" \"You must rely on the courage of your people.\" Kayley was following Garret through the fog. Amaryllis trailed a ways behind them. She stiffened. Someone was watching them. Looking around wearily, Amaryllis kept her guard up. Silver Wings chirped and flew foreword. Garret started sniffing the air. \"Have you got a cold?\" Kayley asked. Amaryllis rolled her eyes. \"Shh.\" Garret shushed her. \"What is it?\" Kayley continued. Amaryllis sighed, \"Kayley. Hush.\" \"We're in dragon country.\" Garret announced. \"Oh.\" Kayley sniffed, \"Right.\" Amaryllis shook her head. Kayley followed along after Garret. Smoke came out from the ground. Silver Wings landed on Amaryllis' shoulder. \"Are you sure this is dragon country? Well shouldn't there be a sign or something? Heh it could say, 'Welcome to Dragon Country.' You don't think we'll see any? Do you? Is a group of dragons a pack or a flock? Is-is it a gaggle or a pride? Is it a herd?\" Kayley stopped short. \"Quiet.\" Garret put his hand back. \"You hear something?\" \"No. I just want you to be quiet.\" Amaryllis laughed under her breath. A stone fell in front of Kayley. Both her and Amaryllis looked up. Kayley started stepping backwards after Garret. She stepped into an egg like thing. Shaking her foot, she started following Garret again. Amaryllis just kept her silent trail behind them. They heard a growl. \"Garret! Where are you!?\" Kayley called. Amaryllis ran foreword and tugged Kayley in the direction Garret went. They were around half of an egg when Kayley was pulled into it. Amaryllis followed shortly after. They all lifted their heads up. \"Dragons!\" Kayley pointed. \"Where? I don't see any dragons.\" a voice said. The three turned to the voice and Kayley screamed. So did the dragon. Kayley jumped backwards and broke the eggshell. The dragons ducked. \"But. You're dragons.\" Kayley called. \"Oh no. Heavens. Someone's found our hiding place.\" the dragon announced. \"Shut up cricketball. Let me handle this.\" the other one insisted, \"We are dragons! Ferocious, hungry, dragons. Go away before we eat you!\" He then made shadow puppets on the wall. Silver Wings flew over and looked into the shell. \"Good show Corny! Here! Let me have a go!\" the first one made a bunny shadow puppet. \"Oh great.\" the second one reached up and grabbed the first one's arm. Garret walked up and tapped the side of the shell with his stick. \"Please! Don't hurt us!\" the first one pleaded. \"And I thought you were ferocious dragons.\" Garret brought up. \"Uh well. Not exactly.\" the second one informed, \"The one's that are ferocious dragons are those fire breathing bullies out there.\" \"Yeah. They're always picking on us. Calling us names, pushing us around. I hate them.\" the first one ranted. Garret poked one of them with is staff. \"Hey hey. Easy with the stick buddy.\" the second one snapped. \"What are you?\" Garret asked. \"Well... Frankly we're the reason cousins shouldn't marry.\" the first one cryptically explained. The two stood up. Amaryllis widened her eyes in surprise. Two headed dragon. \"Oh! Un shone te Mademoiselle. I'm Devon, and this growth on my neck is Cornwall.\" Devon introduced. Amaryllis grinned as they went to Kayley. \"Well you can call me Corny for short.\" Cornwall kissed Kayley's hand. \"Yes, short on wits, manners, and charm. Everything I hold dear.\" Devon huffed. \"Stop holding your breath.\" \"Come on Kayley, Amaryllis, let's go.\" Garret called. Kayley backed up and started to follow him. Amaryllis turned and walked his way as well. \"Hey, hey! Where you going?\" Cornwall questioned. \"To save Camelot!\" Kayley replied. \"Camelot?\" Devon began, \"The restaurants, the theaters.\" \"The waitresses, the actors.\" Cornwall continued. \"The dragons.\" Amaryllis whipped around. \"Dragons?!\" Cornwall and Devon yelled. They heard a roar. Garret grabbed Kayley's hand and began to run. Amaryllis ran after them. Cornwall and Devon followed as the dragon breathed fire at them. They got in front of them and ran across a neon green river on these white rock things. \"Wait! What is this?\" Kayley asked. \"Don't worry! It's perfectly safe!\" Devon reassured. Garret dipped his stick into it. The end of his stick turned black and shriveled. \"Safe?\" Garret doubted. Kayley pulled him foreword. Amaryllis followed and they tried to get across as quickly as possible. \"As long as you don't step in it!\" Cornwall yelled back. \"Really?\" Amaryllis breathed. Silver Wings helped Garret across and Amaryllis followed. \"Hurry! Hurry!\" Kayley pleaded. \"You think this is easy?\" Garret replied. A dragon burst its head through the waterfall. Garret kept going foreword. \"Come on! You can do it!\" Amaryllis encouraged. The dragon jumped and the green liquid made a wave and carried Garret and Amaryllis to shore. Amaryllis jumped off of the rock she was on and ran after Devon and Cornwall. Kayley helped Garret up and pulled him after them. The dragons continued to follow them. They fell off of an edge. \"Guys! It's another dragon!\" Cornwall yelled. \"That's not a dragon! It's a griffin!\" Kayley answered, \"And Ruber! They found us!\" The dragons were coming at them from one side while Ruber and his men were coming from the other. \"Down here!\" Devon called. Devon and Cornwall jumped down a hole. Amaryllis quickly followed. She tumbled out at the bottom after Cornwall and Devon. She stumbled as she stood up. Silver Wings steadied her. \"Thanks Silver Wings.\" she sighed. \"Are you sure we're safe down here?\" Kayley fretted. \"It's a lot safer down here than it is up there.\" Cornwall concluded. \"We know all of the best escape routes.\" Devon continued. \"We've been running from those bullies since we were two thousand years old.\" \"Were we ever that young?\" \"Of course we were you moron.\" \"I'm not a moron.\" \"Yes you are.\" \"No I'm not!\" \"All that bickering! I'm surprised you haven't fried each other.\" Garret grunted. Amaryllis just watched with mild interest. \"Fried? We can't even simmer.\" Devon sighed. \"See I'm like most dragons. He can't breathe fire or fly!\" Cornwall informed. Amaryllis shook her head. Here we go.[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of its characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the storyline that seems familiar I most likely do not own. \"Oh excuse em moi Mr. Self Denial. But WE can't breathe fire or fly.\" Devon scoffed. \"Only cause you're holding me back!\" Cornwall insisted, \"If I didn't have you, I could do a lot of things.\" Amaryllis sighed. Just what they needed. \"I'd be rocking with the dinos, swinging with the rhinos. I could dragonize this cave in a minute! Cornwall! They would sing because I would be the dragon king! I would love this world without you in it! If I didn't have you!\" \"If you didn't have me?\" \"If I didn't have you!\" \"Or how about if I didn't have you!\" \"Oh what I could be, if there was only me. Oh what'd, I'd do, if I didn't have you!\" they joined together. \"Stop bickering and get your act together!\" Kayley intervened. \"Act? Did someone say act? I can act! If only I had separate parts, my career would be the art. I'd be the star of Camelot!\" Devon continued, \"You'd be the half that the whole world forgot, if I didn't have you.\" \"I should be so lucky!\" Cornwall bit back. \"If I didn't have you!\" \"Oh wait, you'd be dead!\" \"Oh what I could be, if there was only me. Oh what'd I'd do, if I didn't have you. Oh what I'd do, if I didn't have you!\" \"Trapped! Oh trapped!\" \"Stuck here with you for five hundred years.\" \"Oh dear it's learned to count.\" \"If you had gotten me a good lawyer, I would've split four hundred years ago!\" \"Now listen here pal, I didn't come here to be insulted!\" \"Oh? Where do you usually go?\" \"I'd be a fire breathing lizard.\" \"I'd be one high flying wizard!\" \"You'd be nothing without me! You'd be extinct! You'd cease to be!\" \"I'm so tired of your nagging.\" \"I'm so tired of your bragging.\" \"Haha! Without me, you'd have no brain!\" \"With which to think!\" \"I'd be rocking with the dinos-\" \"If only I had seperate parts-\" \"Swinging with the rhinos-\" \"My career would be the art-\" \"I could dragonize this cave in a minute! Cornwall-\" \"I'd be the star, of Camelot-\" \"They would sing because I would be the dragon king-\" \"I would love this world without you in it-\" \"If I didn't have you!\" \"If I didn't have you!\" \"This way! Let me lead!\" \"No this way twinkle toes.\" \"Life would be so sweet, if these were both my feet.\" \"Oh what'd I'd do, if I didn't have you. Oh what'd I'd do, if I didn't have you.\" \"If I didn't, if I didn't have you.\" They finished on their knees. Kayley was clapping as Amaryllis smiled. It was cute. She did have to admit it. \"Come on Garret! Amaryllis!\" Kayley called. \"You don't need him honey.\" Cornwall insisted, \"Now you've got Cornwall keeping an eye on you.\" Garret trailed after them. Amaryllis followed behind him. They got out of the cave and to a ledge that showed more of the forest. Amaryllis bit her lower lip. She was worried. She really was. She didn't know if she'd be able to get Kayley out of the forest uninjured. AN: Hey this is it for today. Sorry about the shortness of it. But I'm exhausted. I'm hoping to update it again tomorrow. I'll make that chapter longer to make up for the shortness of this one. Thank you all for the comments, favorites and follows. I really appreciate it.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of its characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar, I most likely do not own. Garret, Kayley, Amaryllis, Cornwall, and Devon were standing on the ledge looking out into the forest. \"Well. The good news is we're out of dragon country.\" Garret announced, \"The better news is, this is where we say good bye.\" \"But- you can't leave us here! If we try to go back, we'll be banished, exorcised, exiled.\" Devon stuttered. \"Not to mention, kicked out.\" Cornwall sniffed. Amaryllis sighed. She didn't say anything. This was Garret's decision. She wasn't going to argue about any of it. Even though she was the oldest one there. Other than the dragons of course. \"Why?\" Kayley asked. \"We just broke the dragon carders rule.\" Cornwall replied. \"What? Never wear brown shoes with a blue suit?\" Devon questioned. \"No you moron. Never help a human.\" \"Come on Kayley, Amaryllis. We must make camp before dark.\" Garret called. \"Camp?\" Devon spoke up. \"Garret. Let's take them with us. Please.\" Kayley pleaded. \"Oh I suppose so. But no more singing!\" Garret insisted. Amaryllis raised an eyebrow. Garret was stubborn. It took her a great deal when she knew him to get him to comply with what she told him. Kayley was the first person he didn't necessarily argue with. She didn't know if that was because of him being tired of her around, or something else. She wasn't sure. But she was going to find out. \"How do you feel about interpretive dance?\" Devon asked. Garret groaned. Ruber was roasting the dragon he had punched earlier. The ax chicken was singing as he ran over to Ruber to give him his dragon meat. \"Dragon a la ti!\" the chicken called. Ruber grabbed the dragon meat off of the plate and harshly bit into it. He was angry. That much was obvious. \"It's such a present relief. From. Uh. Chicken.\" \"I can't believe I'm reduced to chasing a little girl. A blood traitor, a servant girl, and a pigeon. Find them all! And report back to me!\" Ruber instructed. He threw the dragon meat into the air and the griffin caught it and began to munch on it. \"Did you hear me!?\" \"Sorry master. My mouth was full.\" the griffin replied. \"Typical! Of all the mythical creatures in the world, I had to find one with table manners.\" The griffin took off in search of Kayley, Amaryllis, and Garret. \"And no mistakes! Or I'll make space on the spite for you! And you! Useless! Rendezvous with the wagons and tell them to press on. As soon as I have Excalibur, we'll join them. The kingdom will be mine.\" \"I'm starving! All these heroics worked up my appetite.\" Cornwall called, \"Hey, hey! Something smells delicious!\" \"Oh yes! I could whip up a little something!\" Devon informed. \"Well, here's where we stop.\" Garret replied. \"Stop? But what about Excalibur?\" Kayley argued. \"No one travels through the Forbidden Forest after dark.\" \"Well my father Sir Lionel would have.\" Garret stopped, shocked. Amaryllis stood by Devon and Cornwall. She was watching the exchange between Garret and Kayley. \"Come on baby! Light my fire!\" Cornwall encouraged. \"You know there's nothing more pathetic than a flame retardant dragon.\" Devon answered, taking Cornwall's stick. \"Hey Devon! You blew fire! No, no. My mistake. Just hot air.\" Devon and Cornwall watched the sticks as they stood up and ran away. Amaryllis turned back to Garret and Kayley. \"Kayley. I must tell you. I knew your father.\" Garret sighed. \"You did?\" Kayley said, shocked. \"I used to live in Camelot. I was a stable boy. But I dreamt of becoming a knight. One evening, there was a fire. I rushed to save the horses, but, well. I was. At first, all I could see was shapes and shadows. Finally, my world went black. After I lost my sight, your father and Amaryllis were the only ones that still believed in me. He taught me that a knights strength comes from his heart. And his loyalty to the oath of Camelot. Any hope I had of becoming a knight died with him. Amaryllis had to take care of your family. So she left as well.\" \"I've always felt that way too. But I knew that he never would've wanted me to give up. Amaryllis helped me see that multiple times. He wouldn't want you to give up either. You're as good as any knight in Camelot.\" \"You really think so?\" Amaryllis smiled. She remembered the day she had to leave Camelot for Lionel. She quickly told Garret that she'd be back. That she wanted him to stay strong. When she got word that he had disappeared, she was devastated. She felt like she had broken her promise to Lionel. Garret was family to him as well. Cornwall and Devon were chasing one of the sticks that had run away from them. Silver Wings was laughing at them the best a falcon could. \"I've got three words for you birdy!\" Cornwall snapped, \"Dinner is served!\" He ate Silver Wings. But the falcon came up and Devon spit him out. Shrieking, Silver Wings flew and landed on Amaryllis' arm. She chuckled and began to stroke him. \"And how did you find Aiden?\" Kayley questioned. \"I didn't. When I came to live here, Aiden found me.\" Garret answered. Silver Wings flew over to Kayley. She ran her fingers through his wings. \"He just appeared one day. As if destiny was watching over me. He taught me all the secrets of the forest. What can hurt you, what can heal you. With Aiden as my eyes, I can survive anything.\"[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of its characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar, I most likely do not own. \"Look.\" Garret called, \"I'll show you. I take my position, face my fears, and hold my ground until the last possible moment. Waiting for Aiden's signal.\" The plant he had poked went to attack him. Silver Wings chirped and Garret moved. He hit the plant and it retreated. Amaryllis was impressed. He had defiantly learned a lot from his time in the forest. \"See? Simple. Now you try.\" he threw his stick at Kayley. Amaryllis straightened. She had to see this. \"Alright. No problem.\" Kayley answered. \"Take position.\" Garret announced. \"Take position.\" \"Face your fears.\" \"Face my fears.\" \"And hold your ground until the last possible moment.\" The plant hit Kayley in the stomach. She stumbled backwards into Garret. Amaryllis grinned. If only Merlin was here. She needed to gossip about this. Merlin was the only one other than Arthur and Lionel who'd give her time during the day. The other knights treated her fine, but none of them really got to know her. Ruber was the only one who really hated her. He didn't like that she insisted on staying loyal to Camelot. He offered her a place next to him when he overtook Camelot. But Amaryllis would rather die than betray Arthur and the kingdom of Camelot. This kingdom took her in when she was alone, lost, and scared. \"Well. You moved to soon.\" Garret informed. \"Uh huh.\" Kayley muttered. Amaryllis grinned. This was one of the best things that has happened in a long time. She was happy for Kayley and Garret, but only if they'd ever man up and try to actually learn more about one another. \"That's it! Coming through!\" Cornwall and Devon shouted, breaking up Kayley and Garret. Amaryllis groaned. Really? \"Nice try buddy.\" Cornwall pointed. \"I say Kayley, do you have a light?\" Devon asked. Amaryllis rolled her eyes. The next morning, they all headed out in the forest again. Silver Wings flew off of Amaryllis' shoulder and began to circle around a certain part of a bramble bush. \"Aiden's spotted Excalibur!\" Garret called, \"We must be near! Come on! Let's go!\" Kayley grabbed Garret's hand and they began to run to the brambles. Cornwall looked at Amaryllis. \"Don't even try it.\" Amaryllis rejected, running after the pair. Silver Wings flew around Amaryllis and Garret. He flew to a vine and pulled off a strap. \"Look! This must be from Excalibur.\" Kayley announced. Amaryllis nodded in confirmation. \"But where's the sword?\" \"Someone must've taken it.\" Garret concluded. Great. Amaryllis bit her lip. Her dagger was still at Julianna's house. When Ruber attacked them, his men took it from her. \"Or something.\" \"Oh now we'll never find Excalibur in time.\" Kayley sighed. \"If we follow these tracks-\" \"Well. This is all your fault.\" \"My fault?\" \"If we hadn't stopped.\" \"Quiet.\" \"We should have kept going!\" \"Sh!\" \"Kayley!\" Amaryllis snapped. \"I have to save my mother!\" Kayley insisted. \"Please! I need to hear!\" Garret pleaded. The next moment, an arrow went through his side. Amaryllis picked up a branch with some bracken and brambles on it. Ruber. \"Garret!\" Kayley cried. \"Get them!\" Ruber yelled. Amaryllis threw her stick at him. He cut it with his sword and kept running. \"No!\" Kayley yelped. Garret swung his stick at Ruber. When Ruber fell, he dropped Amaryllis' dagger. She scooped it up and ran after Kayley, Garret, and the dragons. One of his metal warriors cut through the brush that was blocking his way. The trees opened their eyes and started reaching for everyone that was on the ground. Amaryllis nearly escaped capture. She tripped and a sharp pain went through her left wrist. Pushing herself up, she kept going. Kayley grabbed one of the vines on the ground and threw it towards the \"arm\" of one of the trees. It trapped Ruber and his goons. Kayley held Garret up as she continued foreword. Amaryllis followed steadily behind them with Cornwall and Devon trailing after her. Julianna was sitting in one of the wagons. She looked out the window to the stars and moon. \"My brave daughter. Please be safe. Amaryllis please be watching her.\" she sighed. The tarp covering the entrance to the wagon was moved. One of the metal freaks poked his head in. \"No one can stop Ruber's plan to take over Camelot!\" he grinned. \"You don't know my daughter!\" Julianna retorted. Lightning cracked through the sky. The boom of thunder and the pouring rain followed quickly after. It was raining in the Forbiddean Forest. Amaryllis was helping Kayley support Garret. Her wrist was definately broken. It was black, blue and really swollen. Amaryllis had made a makeshift splint to keep her wrist steady. They helped Garret into a nearby cave. He dropped his stick. Kayley and Amaryllis lowered him to the floor. Amaryllis grabbed his stick and laid it next to him. Silver Wings perched on her shoulder. \"Please. Don't die.\" Kayley whispered, \"I can't do this on my own.\" Kayley placed a couple of leaves on his cut. \"I'm sorry. It's all my fault you were hurt. I was rattling on when I should've been quiet. I'm no help to anyone.\" Amaryllis stood sadly next to Cornwall and Devon. Garret shushed Kayley. \"You're wrong.\" he mumbled, grasping her hand. He wiped away her tears, \"Look at the sky and tell me what do you see. Just close your eyes and describe it to me. The heaven's are sparkling with starlight tonight. That's what I see through your eyes.\" \"I see the heaven's, each time that you smile. I hear your heartbeat just going for miles. And suddenly I know why life is worthwhile. That's what I see through your eyes.\" The leaves Kayley had put on his would healed him. She reached over to hug him. Amaryllis smiled. \"That's what I see through your eyes.\" they joined together, \"Here in the night, I see the sun. Here in the dark, that two hearts are one. It's out of our hands, we can't stop what we have begun. And love just took me by surprise, looking through your eyes.\" Devon was crying. Cornwall grabbed a leaf to use as a makeshift umbrella. Amaryllis chuckled and lightly patted their back with her right hand. \"I see a night, I, wish could last forever. I see a world we're meant to see together.\" Garret was helping Kayley maneuver through the plants he had tried to teach her earlier. Devon, Cornwall, and Amaryllis followed behind them. \"And it is so much more than I remember. Here in the night, I see the sun. Here in the dark that two hearts are one. It's out of our hands, we can't stop what we have begun. And love just took me by surprise, looking through your eyes.\"[Chapter 10] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of its characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar I most likely do not. Notice: Please look at my profile to see if I have posted any information about my stories. Most of my notices will be there! Amaryllis smiled. They would be good together. Ruber pulled himself out of the dirt he was trapped under. The griffin came up next. \"Well master, we lost them again,\" he commented. Ruber grabbed its ears and pulled its head to the ground. He got ready to hit it when he paused. The griffin whimpered quietly. Ruber looked up to see the giants footprints. \"Ah. That's where they went!\" Amaryllis trailed behind Garret and Kayley. Silver Wings perched on her shoulder. They were following the footprints to what would hopefully lead them to Excalibur. \"Uh oh.\" Kayley muttered. \"What is it?\" Garret asked. \"We've lost the tracks.\" They continued walking foreword. There was a grumble. \"Tell me that was your stomach.\" \"Just the ogre.\" \"Ogre!\" Devon exclaimed. \"Alright we'll see ya! Have a nice life! Whatever's left of it...\" Cornwall added. Amaryllis quietly scoffed and rolled her eyes. \"What's so scary about ogres?\" Kayley questioned. A huge rib cage fell down over Garret and Kayley. \"Their appetite.\" Devon squeaked. \"Oh no. I think its Uncle Yorik.\" Cornwall announced. \"Poor Yorik. I knew him well.\" Silver Wings shrieked. \"Get out of the way!\" Garret yelled. Amaryllis dived to her right. The sound of bones cracking made her wince. The ogre went to his mountain. Excalibur's sheath fell down from the ogre. Amaryllis gasped. She didn't here anything Kayley had said. Great. An ogre! Of all things! \"It does have the sword.\" Kayley confirmed. They went inside the ogre's cave. \"Ogres sleep during the day. So we'll wait for it to fall asleep and then we grab the sword.\" Garret concluded. \"Define we.\" Devon asked. \"Quiet! The slightest noise and we're finished.\" \"Ooh. Charming place. I must get the name of his decorator. \"What's he doing?\" \"I don't see him.\" Kayley replied. \"He's here. I can smell him.\" The ogre moved and grunted. \"You're right. He is here.\" \"Where's Excalibur?\" \"He's using it as a toothpick!\" \"Tell me when he falls asleep.\" The ogre collapsed to the floor and passed out. \"Let me guess, he fell asleep!\" Cornwall sarcastically announced. \"Describe the layout.\" Garret whispered. \"There's a ledge that's just above the sword. But it must be a twenty foot drop.\" Garret measured Cornwall with his stick. A couple minutes later, Cornwall and Devon had their tail wrapped around a rock. Amaryllis was making sure they wouldn't fall. Kayley refused to let her help with her wrist. They stretched down to get the sword. Amaryllis turned to see Ruber walking towards them with some of his goons. Unsheathing her dagger, she warily watched, willing them to go faster. Devon looked over and let go of one of Garret's feet. \"Oh no. It's him.\" \"Hey!\" Garret called. Ruber got on the griffin. The griffin sneezed. Kayley managed to grab the sword. Amaryllis tried to help the dragons pull them up. The ogre sat on Ruber and his griffin. They ran out of the cave and saw the drop. \"There's no way out!\" Devon cried. \"There's one way out! You'll have to fly!\" Kayley insisted. \"We can't fly! We explained that before our song!\" Kayley, Garret, and Amaryllis ran into them and they all went over the edge. \"Houston, we have a problem!\" Cornwall yelled. Ruber followed them. \"Ladies and gentlemen please fasten your seat belts! Resume to the upright crash position. Mayday! Mayday! Mayday!\" Devon continued. He grabbed a root and they all were turned to the left. Ruber and his minions were headed straight for the rocks at the bottom of the hill. The dragons cried out in pain as they landed in the water spring at the bottom of the hill. \"Tell you what, next time, you try to fly and we'll hold on!\" Cornwall informed. \"We did it. We did it! I can't believe it. We did it!\" Kayley smiled. \"Congratulations.\" Garret smirked. Kayley unsheathed the sword. Amaryllis looked over with a small smile. \"So this is Excalibur.\" Kayley awed. The dragons began to fight. They both wanted to hold the sword. I watched them warily. That was Arthur's sword. I felt obliged to make sure it was safe. I owed him that much. \"No! Excalibur only belongs in the hands of Arthur.\" Garret insisted, \"Come on Kayley.\" The wagon train was surely and steadily making its way to Camelot. Julianna was sitting in silence and remorse. Kayley, Garret, and Amaryllis slid off of the ledge they were on. Amaryllis was getting antsy. They were close to the edge of the forest. She just knew it. \"Garret, do you think my mother's safe?\" Kayley asked. Amaryllis smiled sadly behind them. There was no way of knowing that for sure. \"If she's anything like you, I'm sure she's fine.\" Garret answered, \"We must hurry. There isn't much time left.\" \"The first two headed dragon in Camelot!\" Cornwall began, \"We'll be famous!\" \"I can see us on the poster now! Presenting, the wonderful Devon, and his little head, Cornwall.\" Devon added. \"Garret. Up ahead. The sky.\" Kayley gasped. \"The end of the Forbidden Forest.\" Garret confirmed. Kayley looked at Garret. \"It's ok. You go ahead. I'll be, right behind you.\" Kayley ran foreword as Garret ducked his head. Amaryllis put her hand on his shoulder. She knew how he felt. The confliction and confusion. God only knows how many times she's felt it before. \"Why don't you shut up? How about Cornwall and his obnoxious talking walk.\" Cornwall snapped. Garret swung his stick at them, \"Knock it off.\" \"I don't know what's eating this guy.\" \"Envy. Poor lad.\" Devon guessed. They made it to the edge of the forest. They could see the sky and clouds. Camelot stood on a hill in the distance. \"Oh Garret, its so beautiful!\" Kayley exclaimed. Amaryllis looked at Garret sadly. She knew exactly what was going through his head. \"I wish you could see it.\" \"I have seen it. And it was no place for me.\" Garret handed Kayley the sword. \"Garret. What's wrong?\" \"Take Excalibur to Arthur. You don't have much time.\" \"But we'll deliver the sword together.\" \"No. You do it. I-I don't belong in that world. Come on Aiden.\" \"But you belong in mine.\" Amaryllis put her good hand on Kayley's arm. \"He's right Kayley,\" she whispered, \"We don't have a lot of time.\" Leading Kayley out, Amaryllis pulled her foreword. \"Forget about him. You're better off alone. He walks funny. He looks funny. People throw darts at him.\" Cornwall tried. Amaryllis turned to glare at him. \"How could you be so cold-blooded?\" Devon retorted. \"I'm a reptile.\" Cornwall smirked. \"Listen you Jurassic twit. Kayley deserves someone who will love her, someone who will hold her in his arms, who, will run his fingers through her hair. Look deeply in her eyes and make her feel like a real woman!\" Kayley and Amaryllis rounded the corner. Amaryllis was walking at her side. \"I'm going back for Garret.\" Kayley decided. They both turned back, but turned around at the sound of footsteps. One of Ruber's metal minions trapped Kayley with its mace arms. Another grabbed Amaryllis' wrists. She hissed in pain. Her left wrist wasn't healed. \"I'll take that!\" Ruber exclaimed, grabbing Excalibur, \"Oh, Excalibur. Mine forever! You two have been quiet annoying, for girls.\" \"Excalibur will never truly be yours!\" Amaryllis snapped. \"I've waiting ten long years for this moment. And now, I'll make sure I hold it forever.\" Ruber took out the vile of witch's potion. \"No! Stop!\" Amaryllis cried. A knife was held at her throat. Courtesy of one of the metal minions. \"Prepare, for the joining.\" Ruber poured a drop of the potion on his hand holding the sword. Excalibur became his hand. \"It's hot!\" Kayley fell to her knees, \"Don't worry little girl. I'll make sure Arthur gets it back. Or gets it in the back!\" \"No! You monster!\" Amaryllis struggled. Her arms felt warm. She wouldn't be surprised if she cut them on the minion's claws. Ruber instructed the minions to throw Kayley in the wagon. He walked up to Amaryllis. \"You know, I've waiting a long time to finally kill you. But maybe, it would be more torturous for Arthur if you were killed in front of him!\" Amaryllis was gagged and bound. The minions threw her into a separate wagon than Kayley and Julianna. She felt defeated. She couldn't let them kill Arthur. She just couldn't. OMG YOU GUYS. I am so close to being done. Kinda sad that it's almost over, but I'm happy with how it came out. The last couple chapters are going to be focusing on Amaryllis. It'll still be in third person, but centered around her.[Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest For Camelot or any of its characters. I only own Amaryllis. Any of the story line that seems familiar, I most likely do not own. Amaryllis struggled to get out of her bonds. Julianna was dragged to the front of the train. Amaryllis felt the train slow to a stop. \"Its Lady Julianna! Lower the gates at once!\" one of the knights yelled. Amaryllis kept trying to loosen the ropes around her wrists. Something clattered to the ground. Her dagger. She had stuffed it in her boot after they had ran from Ruber. Moving it around in her hands, she cut the ropes. Pulling off the gag, she listened to the wagon train. \"Its a trap!\" Kayley shreiked. Amaryllis jumped out of the wagon. There had to be a way to get into the castle. Arthur wasn't safe. \"Seal off the castle!\" Ruber instructed. \"Ruber has breached the castle keep! The king is still inside!\" one of the knights informed. Amaryllis panicked. She looked around and saw Kayley heading to the wooden platform that lead inside to the castle. \"Mother! I must help the king!\" Kayley ran off. Amaryllis saw one of the metal minions going for Julianna. She ran in front of it and attacked it. Her main goal was to keep Julianna safe. She watched Kayley and Garret head to the stable. Of course! She was the one who showed him that was there. Running after them, she followed them down the tunnel. Amaryllis ran to the Round Table room. She got up and saw Ruber attacking Arthur. Kayley climbed up the ladder next to them. Amaryllis shook with anger. \"Hey! Ruber!\" Kayley yelled. \"You.\" he growled. \"I will not serve a false king.\" She pushed the log off and stood on it. Ruber and Kayley both went through the window. \"Get Arthur. I'll help Kayley.\" Garret instructed. Amaryllis didn't need to be told twice. She ran up to the Round Table. \"Arthur.\" she breathed. She helped him stand. \"The sword.\" Arthur grunted. Amaryllis helped him down to where the stone resided. The magic blew his sling away. His arm was healed. Amaryllis looked at her wrist. The swelling was gone. Her wrist was healed as well. Arthur and Amaryllis walked down to the stone. Arthur broke away to pull Excalibur from the stone once more. Amaryllis stood with Julianna as she walked down in her beautiful white dress. She walked up to Garret and Arthur. Amaryllis was happy for them. She truly was. \"Kayley.\" her mom called, \"You've forgotten this. Take it. It's yours.\" Julianna handed her Lionel's shield. Arthur pulled out Excalibur. \"I dub thee, Sir Garret. I dub thee, Lady Kayley. Thank you for saving Camelot. You have reminded us that a kingdom's strength is not based on the strength of the king. But the strength of the people. From this day foreword, you will both sit as knights at the Round Table.\" Everyone cheered. The music started and Kayley handed Arthur her shield. She began to dance with Garret. Then she kissed him. Amaryllis smiled. It's about time. Silver Wings chirped and landed on Merlin's finger. \"Well done, Aiden.\" he grinned. Kayley and Garret ran out of the castle and got on a horse. Amaryllis slipped out of the Round Table room. She went to the hallway next to it and leaned against the wall. So much had happened in the course of only a few days. \"Never did like celebrations did you?\" Amaryllis looked over and smiled at Arthur. \"Nah. I just can't handle people in general.\" she replied. Arthur grabbed her hand and pulled her towards him. She put her hands on his shoulders and rested her head on his chest. \"I was worried you know. When I heard that Excalibur was stolen, I was worried.\" He kissed the top of her head. \"I missed you.\" he murmured. \"I missed you too.\" Amaryllis whispered. She lifted her head and pressed her lips to his. Things were going to be different. But she was okay with that.[Chapter 12] You guys! Its over! I'm kinda sad that it is. But I'm really happy with it and I hope you guys have enjoyed coming with me on Amaryllis' journey. Thank you for the follows and the reviews! I really appreciate it! Let me know if you want me to write another story about Amaryllis, just one about how she met Arthur and Lionel. Thanks again! I love you guys! WildRelapsedCreature ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Quest for Camelot. The only character I own is Amaryllis. Any of"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Crusade For The King: Lancefang","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12230920","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, the name is Lancefang. Everybody calls me Laila, just for what it means to me; guardian angel. I am a warrior of the Sierra Travelers Clan. I came here so long ago for a change of lifestyle. I hated where I was, through my parents simply meant well, but I wasn't happy. The first time I have met Sunrise, she was like a refreshing breath of air, and she showed me to the clan, and my life was changed forever once I saw what the clan was fighting for. The first battle I did, it was quite fast yet I felt like I was born for it. The only thing that helped me through all of my life was collecting medieval merchandise from the times of knights, the story of Camelot and etc. The oldest movies of medieval times was bogus, like they couldn't get the story right. Then came a movie that was better at its age; The Sword in the Stone. However, I couldn't manage to fancy it, until another movie came, and I saw him. Quest for Camelot, was the title for the movie, and they got everything that meant to be a knight, the magic, and the love and respect for King Arthur. The story of the movie was much tolerable and better for me, through there are some things that got me miffed. For example, Garrett's sight never got healed by the magic of Excalibur in the Stone, and there's the fact that Camelot is smaller than I had imagined. I guess they couldn't make it bigger on the artwork. I have a affection for Arthur, and I couldn't feel why I am attracted to him, through I like it. Anyway, Quest for Camelot is my chosen world, and it was merely a month after Ferntooth and Basetail had left. It was a particular nice day, which I expected. I was wearing a dark blue tunic with a hangover, a long-sleeved dark green shirt under the tunic, dark brown shackle bracelets, tan pants, and dark brown shoes. I had my ancient renewed sword. My totem radio necklace has a hollow model of the stone with the runes from the movie, and also a falcon's talon as well. Sunrise and the remaining warriors were wearing medieval clothing, much like me, for today, which was a pleasant surprise. My room's furniture and etc, has been sold off. The bathroom is turned off, and only the walls remain, having murals from the movie. The northern wall has the entire scene of Camelot and its surrounding landscape, the west wall has a section of the Forbidden Forest, which is The Dragon Country. The east wall has all the characters of the movie, good and bad. I was ready to go into the portal, and after a brief break of snacks, I came to the portal room, where everybody was waiting. To my shock, Sunrise had a shield in her hands, the rim silver, the background black, and the emblem of the shield is a combination of three runes; the top one is a upright open arrow which stands for warrior; the left one is a narrow upright fork which stands for protection, and finally the right one is a narrow 'R' which stands for journey. Sunrise smiled, \"A shield to help you along, Lancefang.\". I grinned, and gently grabbed it, the weight not too light, not too heavy, just right for either arm. I chirped, \"Many thanks, my leader, and I will not disappoint you.\". A chuckle, Sunrise smirked, \"No doubt you will do well. Be safe, Laila.\". \"Yes, Sunrise.\". I replied with a bow of my head in respect. Sunrise moved aside, opening the way into the portal. I narrowed my eyes in determination, and smiled a bit as I heard everybody echo the morals of the knights. I then entered the portal, the tunnel dark. Suddenly, there was a streak of white light showing through the floor, much like a ice crack, and I would hear some kind of hum, like the light was singing. I saw the streak grow like it was following something, then it disappeared into the darkness, like it stopped. I was confused and curious. I warily walked to the place where it went gone, and I was trying to see, feel something, anything, when I felt some warm stone. When I touched it, suddenly it glowed, and I was shocked, for I recognized it as the Stone, the one where Excalibur came out of. Suddenly, my sword glowed, like it was responding to the Stone, but why and how? A unseen voice spoke, sounding regal and powerful, \"The good sister of Excalibur; Maronite has returned. The True Warrior has came, her destiny is to assist the True King and battle for the homeland.\". My sword vibrated, making me look, and I was again, shocked, for Maronite, now has the same symbol as Excalibur, the three combined circles. I felt pulled toward the Stone, and I moved closer, not knowing why, but I put Maronite in the Stone, sliding in easily like it was nothing, and then it glowed so brightly that I had to close my eyes for a few moments until the flash was gone. I opened my eyes, the Stone pulling me in, and I exhaled a breath as I drew Maronite out, feeling protected and awed by the power and magic that Maronite now held. Then I saw the end of the tunnel, a picture showing Camelot and its different landscapes, and I sighed deeply as a feeling of loyalty and courage filled me, like Camelot is where I am supposed to belong at. I began to walk then ran, and as I got closer, I jumped toward the picture and darkness overwhelmed me so quickly as I blacked out.[Chapter 2] I muttered lowly as I woke up, my eyes seeing the lush greenery of a forest. I got up, and lost my balance a bit as I saw I was smaller than I was supposed to be. I looked down, and saw I was standing on fours, small sharp claws poking out of delicate yet strong paws. I heard a stream bubbling quietly, and I steadily made my way over, and looked down at my reflection. I blinked, surprised at the form I was in. I was shockingly a red panda, my pelt is dark bright red-brown fur, with grayish-black fur covering my eyes, legs and striping my tail. I now had silver-black eyes. Strangely, I have two black patches that resembles my shield and sword, around my chest and shoulders. I wanted to be back to human, so I focused hard, closing my eyes, and when I opened them, I was relieved that I was back to normal, all my clothes and etc on me. I had my sword secured in a nice scabbard hanging on my belt, and my shield on my back, a leather band over my chest, securing the shield. I was curious if I had any other forms besides the red panda, and to my amazement, I shifted into this beautiful fox, a rare fox which I vaguely remember as a Cross Fox. My pelt is red-gray, with a cross stripe of black fur, and my tail and legs are rusty brown. My eyes are now dark amber gold. My black patches returned in the same positions as before on my chest and front of the shoulders. My totem necklace remains the same size, for the neck is slightly smaller or bigger, depends on the form. I then focused, thinking, wanting to know if I have any more forms at all. I shifted again, this time, into a semi-smaller/bigger form. I am now a Snowy Owl, the typical snow-white plumage, with a quite few black spots here and there, through my black patches, once again, rest on my chest. I have solid gold eyes, and my talons are pitch black. I was delighted, for I love snowy owls, ever since I saw Hedwig in the movies, and often read about her in fan fiction stories. Again, with a glance into my mind, I found out that I have two more forms untapped until I focused very hard, and I now am in a much bigger form, a mythological creature called a winged cat; more specifically, a lioness. My pelt is tan with brown paws, my tail tuft is blonde, and my wings resemble a eagle's wings, through much bigger in width and length, and the color is tan with a dark brown underling, and blonde tipped feathers. My chest held the familiar black patches, and my eyes are a light crystal blue. The last form I succeeded after; a New Forest Pony. My pelt is now very light chestnut, with white stockings, and my mane, tail is tan blonde. This time, my black patches rest on my neck on the right side. My eyes are now navy blue. I returned to human, now realizing that I am a multiple shapeshifter; five animal forms. I saw the day was closing to sunset, and I headed deeper into the forest, intending to find a large tree or cave, and with a matter of minutes, I found a abandoned den. I shifted to my fox form, smelling that the inhabitants had moved away recently, and wanting to practice flying, I shifted once more, into my Owl form, remembering the basics of flight, and succeeding after some tries of stump-hopping. I returned back to the den, clutching a large hare in my talons, shifting back to fox, dragging the hare into the floor, beginning to have dinner. Tired after a revealing afternoon, I headed to sleep rather quickly. Tomorrow, I will see where I am. Better that idea than nothing. See what happens tomorrow. I wonder if I could see him.[Chapter 3] (Arthur's P.O.V.) -2 weeks later- The wagon was rolling, as I am chained of metal yet I am able to hold my charge, whose name is Darren, the son of my most loyal knights, Sir Garrett and Lady Kayley. The invasion was dangerous and overwhelming, my knights outnumbered, my people frightened and lost, the castle burning and blackening by fires, the courageous two-headed dragon protector overwhelmed. They stole me and Darren from our home, our birth country. I didn't mind if I was kidnapped to protect my people, but taking Darren, who is only a few months old by the invaders, the Saxons had crossed the line to do that unimaginable. Gratefully, I stroked a deal with the Saxons to indicate if I must cooperate with their orders, they must not harm the child, and allow me take care of him. They stole a milking goat to help with the hunger, and thirst of Darren. I believe it has been a week after I and Darren was taken. The Saxons has a very distinct language, and I was able to converse good enough. They let me and Darren out for only two hours in the sunlight, and two hours at nighttime. The men guarding and driving the wagon are four, outnumbering me. I am defenseless, for Excalibur, my sword is in the hands of the head Saxon. I couldn't tell what the time is right now, for the cart is enclosed. Through I could smell some kind of forest, damp yet sweet/strong smells all around. I noticed that the younger Saxons were twitchy, being nervous for some reason right now as we are passing through the forest. \"Oi, could you stop bothering me?!\". the first youngest one, a thin yet broad man by the age of 20 and 2 years, I believe, complained to his friend next to him. The younger one, by the age of 10 and 9 years, twitchy at times yet brave at other times. A reply, \"Sorry, mate. I couldn't help remembering from the conversation last night, about the rumors.\". \"The rumors about the warrior woman? Nonsense! No woman must not be allowed to fight like that, it's not right! We men are the proper warriors, women are to be in the houses, and keeping our children raised under house and care.\". the senior spat, believing in his opinion. I scoffed quietly as I disagreed on that, knowing how I respect women, and what I had seen in Lady Kayley and other women in how they protected the castle. By Lord, Kayley saved Excalibur with her husband only two years ago. The younger replied, \"I hear you, it's just the rumors say that the warrior woman lives in a forest like this, and she somehow has eyes who see everything in the woods, and by night, she comes, and chaos happen. Rarely no survivors, only children and some women, and some knights as well all the time.\". I tilted my head at that comment, and realizing that this warrior woman is a rogue who vigilantes in rescuing innocents, injuring/killing the evil people. Darren babbled, giving his 'dirty' whine. I announced, \"Gentlemen, the babe has business to do right now.\". A sigh and a mutter followed by outside, \"Tell boss we have to stop for the brat again.\". A grunt and slight of weight loss left the wagon, probably the younger one leaving to tell the head of the group. A few moments later, the back of the wagon opened up, showing the head of the group, a large yet square-shouldered man glaring with a grimace and a fleeting aura of being annoyed. \"Make it quick, little king, or I won't be patient this time.\". He growled lowly with a threat. I nodded, and quickly, I came out, my arm chains coming off, yet my leg chains remain. I grabbed a loincloth diaper nearby, and I headed to some bushes that looked inviting despite the men watching me behind. I steadily changed Darren, muttered, \"At least you don't know what's going on, dear boy.\". The bushes deeper in, rustled, and I tensed, habitually grabbing a empty space where Excalibur was usually at, and narrowing my eyes as I clutched the babe closer. I'd prefer to be dead than having a child's life in danger. I saw a pair of amber gold eyes glinting at me through a narrow space, and I exhaled, the eyes widening in surprise and I swore I saw recognizance as well. The eyes moved, revealing a strange fox I had never seen in my entire life. It was beautiful yet I could tell it was fierce as well. \"Aargh, I told you, idiot! I am impatient, and I will delight in bruising your delicate body, boy!\". shouted my arch enemy. He came in the scene, the others following him. I glanced at him, then saw the fox narrow its eyes, as it saw the man, then turned its attention to my sword, and breathed a growl as it seemed to know about Excalibur. The fox grinned, if that was possible, then to my absolute shock, it changed, into a human, a woman, no less. In the dimming sunlight, I could make out her blonde hair, her glittering blue eyes, a pale tan skin, wearing a tunic and pants like a man, and bearing a shield and sword, which surprised me slightly, but still used to the sight for Lady Kayley has worn the same way every day. \"Well, well, we have some nasty men threatening a respected king and a innocent babe, no less.'. the woman spoke casually, as if she was just on a stroll. The younger one who was minding me, \"That's the warrior woman!\". with a tremor of fright in his voice. \"Warrior woman, suits me quit well, wouldn't you say?\". she smirked with a wink at me. I sputtered a bit at her forwardness as I watched the men glare at her, and the head in charge, yelled, \"Get that damn woman, you idiots!\". The woman only pulled a chuckle, and it was so fast. The men was killed almost immediately in a matter of minutes. Once I had my memory of the battle more focused later, I saw that the woman was incredibly quick, as if she was there one second, gone the next, and her skills were on par as my and my beloved knights's skills, through she moved quite differently unlike us. Once the woman was finished, drying her sword with a small cloth, my eyes seeing that the sword is a copy of my sword, and Excalibur gave a glow for a minute toward the other sword as I recovered it, and I was freed of my leg chains. The woman laughed, \"Looks like my sword, Maronite has reunited with her twin brother, Excalibur, yes?\". I simply nodded, and we left the dead far behind as the woman and I returned to the wagon. \"Oh, forgive me, your majesty, I was rude not to introduce myself. You may call me Laila.\". Laila smiled at me gently as I rested Darren in my lap as I sat down. I bowed my head, \"King Arthur, my lady, is my name. This is Darren, my charge until I return him to his rightful parents.\". Laila nodded in respect, \"Ah, I understand. If it's not too personal, may I know how you got here so far from Camelot?\". I smiled gently and explained my situation as Laila listened and Darren gratefully went to sleep. After I had finished, Lailia grinned. \"Well, you're in luck. I am a citizen of your country, through I had never been to your land of Camelot. As my king, I am honored to help you get home. We simply have to avoid the Saxons on the way, if you want yourself to be healthy enough to fight for your people.\". \"I very much appreciate your help, my lady. But what I had seen, the Saxons is very violate, and by now, they've overtaken the castle and the whole land of Camelot. Even with our swords, and your remarkable skills, and my loyal knights, it's still not on our side to win the odds now.\". I replied warily. Laila only grinned, \"Rest yourself tonight. I will show you tomorrow of something that will help us all. Is that good with you, King Arthur?\". I nodded, and I went to sleep under a blanket with Darren tucked in a felt furred nest on the floor of the wagon. I vaguely and barely heard a roar in the distance, as I went into my dreams.[Chapter 4] (Lancefang's P.O.V.) The morning was dawning with the sun, after a plentiful rest. I had went to the nearby town, which is two hours on foot, but a half hour by flight. Many people I had rescued has been living in the town, and I told them about their king and some of his situation. They understood that I will take Arthur to them, the people wanting to know how to fight from me and Arthur. A duo knights was relieved to hear that their king is alright, and safe. I headed back to camp. I heard a whimper from inside the wagon, and I walked inside, seeing Darren wiggling, making whimpers. When I heard that he is the son of Kayley and Garrett, I immediately knew I was in the far future than I had theorized. Darren has a small tuft of Kayley's reddish brown hair, Garrett's cobalt blue eyes, and medium tan skin. I was happy when I heard that Garrett's sight had been restored by Excalibur and the stone's magic, restoring them to be cobalt blue. \"Hey, little one. What's wrong?\". I cooed gently as I picked him up. A soft mutter and a comment, \"He's hungry, he says so by doing these whimpers for food.\". I looked over to see Arthur waking up, and I smiled. \"I see, it makes sense why you know that, for you have been with him long enough.\". I spoke thoughtfully before I headed out, making sure Darren is cuddled comfortably from the slight chill, and I walked to the milking goat, blocked her legs as I spoke to the goat calmly, and Darren expertly went for the teat, suckling happily. I smiled bittersweetly at the adorable baby, and chuckled as he finished, belched from being full, and babbling quietly as he leaned toward me. I held him gingerly as I headed back inside the wagon. I sat down, with Darren secured in my arms, blinking sleepily, yawning before he slowly went to sleep. \"You seem to be good with him, Lady Laila.\". said Arthur with a smile, as he held a piece of bread to his mouth, giving me the other piece with his other hand. I smiled gratefully as I grabbed my bread from him. \"I love babies, they are so precious and innocent that I always want to keep them safe and healthy.\". I smiled a tiny smile as I glanced at Darren, nibbling the piece of bread slowly, then frowned slightly. Arthur seemed to be curious by the way he asked, \"You had a child, have you not?\". I startled, looking at him with a surprised expression. \"I mean, if it's too stressful for you, I would understand.\". I shook my head slowly, \"No, no, it's okay, my king. Just memories running through, that's all.\". Arthur nodded, 'Oh.\". with a slight frown. I sighed heavily. \"It was so long ago... my parents meant well. They wanted me to be safe and happy with a sense of security with a man and a house. However, it wasn't to last. My..husband manipulated them, my parents. He acted very generously, polite, and sincere when they are around. Around me, he was..even worse than the men last night. You could say that he was violate at times. The only time he left me alone was when I was pregnant. I was relieved yet scared. He wanted a son who looked like him. Once I gave birth, it was a beautiful boy, however things went wrong once my husband saw that the boy was a splitting image of me. I was tired after the work of childbirth, and he was in the cradle for the first few nights. I woke up, went to check on him, and... he was..gone from this world. My son (sniffs) was the light of my life, he was to be my saving miracle from him. \". I heaved heavily as tears spilled out, the burden getting smaller and smaller from my shoulders. \"It was my fault. I should have kept him closer. A month later after his death, I ran away, not even caring to tell my parents why I left, for I knew they will be forever lied to by him.\". I sobbed quietly, slightly moving Darren, but not waking him up gratefully. Arthur was somber, quiet, and thoughtful as he glanced at me. He whispered, \"What was he called; his name?\". I smiled a bit at him, \"Yours, actually\". Arthur looked surprised at that. \"I used to call him Artie for short. He seemed to love that.\". Arthur smiled a bit bigger at that comment, \"He could have been a great knight, I can imagine.\". I chuckled at that, \"I believe that.\". We heard distinct hoofsteps and chatter of people. \"Looks like they have arrived. Let me lay Darren in his basket bed, and we'll go.\". I commented and I did as I said. Arthur looked curious, \"Is this the something you wanted to show me?\". I grinned, \"That and more, my king. Come and see.\". We headed out with hopeful thoughts and a glance toward the skies. Oh, Artie, you definitely could have made a great knight for sure, or maybe a warrior like me. Give me protection, my son, and I'll never forget you ever.[Chapter 5] (Arthur's P.O.V.) Once we were outside, I saw about 25 people of shapes, sizes, ages, and gender. Two of them I happily recognized. \"Sirs Gavin and Rhett, how happy I am to see you!\". \"My King, we are relieved that you are safe.\". they both replied. Gavin has brown eyes, dark brown hair, tanned skin, and Rhett has dark green-brown eyes, auburn brown hair, and mildly tanned skin. I smiled, feeling better knowing that two knights of my homeland is safe, yet I am still worried for the others, are they simply captive or dead? Laila interuppted my thoughts, beginning to introduce everybody. \"My king, these people of the nearby town are ready to assist you. Survivors, come forward.\". Sirs Gavin and Rhett stepped forward, along with three teenagers who reached age 10 and 6, two women, and three men, and a elder couple. \"The others are their parents, brothers, sisters, neighbors, you name it.'. Laila explained further as she showed everybody else. \"I am happy to know that all these people are supporting, but it's a small number. The Saxons have bigger numbers.\". I warily spoke. Laila grinned, \"That's where the plan comes in. Since magic is very known around here, I presume you know about witches and sorcerers then?\". I nodded with a curious raise of my eyebrows. \"I am not like that, for I am something different. People call it different things, but I prefer the word, 'Shapeshifter'.\". Laila spoke passionately. I blinked in confusion, then as I flashed back to the moment I saw the fox change into Laila. I realized, \"You change into a animal.\". Laila's grin grew bigger and chuckled, \"Actually more than one.\". She moved slightly, and changed into a pony, winged lioness, snowy owl, fox, and something else I couldn't recognize or think of the name for. She returned back to human. \"These are my five animal forms. Shapeshifters have a limit. Most has one form, some has two forms, a quite few has three forms, and rarely, shapeshifters reach to have four or five forms, much like me. Forms in the animal kingdom are random as well.\". Laila said knowingly. \"There is something else as well. You see, I have the gift to find shapeshifters, untapped or however else the powers are hidden. In this group, I have found quite several, and with my help and their trust of me, they succeeded. Boys, show your king of what you are\". Laila admitted then requested Sirs Gavin and Rhett to change. In swift moments, before my eyes, gaping and surprised to see the forms my knights have. Gavin and Rhett are centaurs. They have their upper bodies, yet below the waist is whole horse bodies, including tails. Gavin's horse body resembles of a familiar pony breed, the color coal black, with the tail the same color as Gavin's hair, dark brown. The hooves are deadly sharp and tough from I could observe. Rhett's horse body was one I couldn't recognize though Laila knew what it was. The color is dark chestnut, with white stockings. The tail is auburn brown, the same color of Rhett's hair. The hooves are again, sharp and deadly, and tough as well. The rest of the able shapeshifters, numbering at 10, surprised me as they have one, two, three forms. Several forms I had recognized such as; griffins, wolves, wildcats, occasional lion or lioness, horses/ponies, vultures/eagles, with a few owls and ravens here and there. Some were other forms I couldn't recognize, but Laila gratefully explained what they are, including her mystery form which I couldn't figure out. Laila then explained that with informed letters in my name, which the shifted birds could deliver to other villages, towns, and farms, instructing them to get here for training and the reclamation of Camelot. A few women had plenty of parchment with some quills, and as proof, with a wood carved stamp that one of the men had made, will make the seal to claim as official. I was impressed with the progress of the plan, knowing my other knights and people will unite to fight for me and our country and homelands. Laila also informed me that she gave a call for her fellow warriors to come help, and in a matter of hours, they will come and train the newfound shapeshifters and the others with her and me. I knew that the Saxons is due to be in for a surprise, and I will need everybody's help, that's for sure, to take back Camelot. What the future will bring, I do not know, but in my heart and gut, I had a feeling that there will be a glorious battle, no, a crusade for our home.[Chapter 6] (Laila's P.O.V.) Days has passed, taking care of Darren, training all people in my way, and the knight way as well. With Step 1 of the letters to different places, many more people came, including more knights which Arthur was happy to see. We are growing into a big number, 40, I believe. I was still concerned about Kayley and Garrett as they aren't found yet. One early afternoon, I was helping Arthur tap into his animal forms, and to my shock, he is on the level of five like me, a very rare number. I instructed him to focus deep, and meditate, and soon within a hour, we got all of them revealed. The first one was the Atlantic Puffin, having a black upper pelt with a brownish-white underbelly, orange-red feet, and the beak is orange with two gold stripes, and the eyes are coal gray with speckles of amber gold. The second form showed to be a winged lion; the pelt is blondish brown, with a white-tan underbelly, the mane and tail tuft is dark blonde, and the wings are resembling of a eagle, wide and large like mine, the color is again blondish brown, with a underling of cinnamon tan, and the feathers are tipped black. The eyes are ice blue, cat style. Arthur is very proud of that one. The third form is a gorgeous yet strong stag. It reminded me of the Great Prince greatly, through there are two more points in the antlers. The pelt is reddish-brown, with the muzzle, underbelly being a cream tan. There is a dark brown stripe from the hackles to the back of the neck. The eyes are warm amber brown. The fourth form revealed to be a Grass Snake; the pelt is dark green with black stripes down the sides, and also a golden-yellow band behind the head, the underside is white with irregular brown blocks which sets him individually from other snakes. The eyes are beady black. And finally, the last one is a Red Squirrel; the pelt being a rusty red with a off-white underbelly, with the tail under-striped black, large ear tufts, and the eyes are surprisingly brown, not black. Arthur figured to use the red squirrel and grass snake forms for recon missions upon Camelot. I planned to join him in my snowy owl and fox forms. Suddenly I heard roars as my totem necklace warmed up, and I smiled, realizing that Sunrise and the remaining warriors had arrived, including Reedpaw, the very last apprentice. Arthur saw my smile and asked, \"I presume that is your friends?\". \"Indeed, you are correct, my king.\". I happily spoke as a golden-brown Griffin with sky blue eyes landed, changing to reveal Sunrise. Then came a dragon that resembles a mix of the Harry Potter's Chinese Fireball, and Jake Long's American Dragon form; scarlet red with golden spikes, black horns, and the underbelly a amber golden-yellow, and the talons shiny white, and the eyes are pine green. On its back, carrying a arctic wolf; snow white with black socks, and the eyes are golden, tinted with amber. Both creatures landed, separated, and revealed to be Reedpaw and Bootpelt. Next, was a Harpy eagle; the upper-side is soot black with gray spots here and there while the underside is off-white. The feathers are soot gray, and the talons are pitch black, the eyes are piercing brown. It is carrying a Arctic fox; off-white with a tint of black/gray, with the underbelly cream white, and the eyes are bi-colored; oak brown and light green. Both animals landed and separated, and changing to reveal Mousewing and Metrostripe. Finally, for Pearlfur and Batfur respectfully; a Jaquin (winged jaguar), whose pelt is oak brown, the underbelly is cream white, and the underside feathers, tail feathers, and spots are tan, and the eyes are tan brown, which is Pearlfur's form, and a giant otter, whose pelt is chocolate brown with a black tint, with the underbelly white, and the eyes are light brown. Arthur seems so impressed that he commented, \"We will have a hell of a battle for sure, Laila.\". I chuckled, agreeing with him. I introduced the warriors to Arthur; themselves giving alternate names since warrior names won't work here as I know. Sunrise introduced herself as Dawn, Pearlfur as Payton, Metrostripe as Malin, Bootpelt as Bolton, Mousewing as Maven, Batfur as Batilda, and Reedpaw as Rikki. The Saxons are in for a huge shock of their lives, I could feel it in my gut, through my heart's concerned for Darren's parents. Sunrise reassured me that they are strong people, they will find a way to be with us again, especially for Darren, which is the most important person for them, next to Arthur. I hope she is right.[Chapter 7] (Arthur's P.O.V.) I was able to recon the castle in my red squirrel/grass snake forms, despaired to see the castle badly damaged, realizing it will take some time to rebuild when we win the battle. Laila in her snowy owl was able to send a letter of battle announcing to claim Camelot once and for all. She returned, giving a high screech to signify that the Saxons has accepted the challenge. She carried me as we returned to the forest by a few days of flight. Once we landed and returned to human, I was delighted to see Sir Garrett and Lady Kayley alive as they held Darren lovingly and protectively, reuniting with them happily. I saw Devon and Cornwall, and realized they gave the couple a ride to here. \"Thank goodness you're all right. Darren has been fine, through he had been sad, missing you, until now.\". I replied. Garrett smiled at me, \"Thank you for protecting our son.\". I shook my head, \"Anything for dear friends of mine. Now, we must get you settled and caught up with our situation.\". The couple nodded, understanding solemnly. I am surprised to see more people, and Sir Gavin responded that number, including Garrett and Kayley, has risen to about 65, and he also replied that more people are coming from the coasts. Dawn came by me and Laila, \"So, what did the Saxons say?\". Laila smirked, \"They have accepted the challenge. We will battle upon the end of five days, in the area of the great mountain we call 'Calx' (Skiddaw) .\". \"Good timing since almost all the people has completed their training, and we have plenty of time to train the incoming people from the coasts.\". Dawn smiled, commenting reverently. I nodded, happy to hear that. \"We must begin to plan our strategy for the incoming battle, ladies, for I need both your help in this one.\". Laila and Dawn bowed their heads in respect and friendship, \"We are always ready to help, your majesty.\". I waved a hand for them to follow me into the wagon which was my and Laila's conversing/idea spot for days. I put up a box around us, and put a parchment of a map that showed Calx and its surroundings. \"Okay, we have the valley here for equal ground, the mountain right over here for defense, and the river over there for offense.\". Dawn nodded, and pointed to the mountain, \"We can use the Griffins and Dragons and other flying creatures to dive-bomb deadly rocks, etc, toward the Saxons.\". Laila spoke, \"That sounds good, and we can have water creatures to use bows and arrows against the Saxons if they divert to the river.\". as she pointed to the river. I followed them, and nodded, \"On the sides of the mountain, we can have archers and sling-shooters. But what about the valley? That will be the main point for both armies.\". Dawn smiled, \"We can have the land cats as a front, then the second and third line should be Centaurs, large land animals, and the rest of the further lines would be normal swordsmen, and spears-men as well.\". We collaborated more into the day, retreating to one of the communal campfires for dinner. I felt satisfied that we have a good workable strategy, and a back-up plan as Laila pointed out the possible changes of the battle. I pray for strength, hope, courage, loyalty as I intend to fight for my land, my country, my people, and most of all, freedom.[Chapter 8] (Lancefang/Laila's P.O.V.) 2 days later- To my joy, the people from the coasts has arrived and I counted again, now 80 people total. The novice shapeshifters and knights has taken the responsibility to train these recently arrived people. Now, I had all the time to plan all the more details to the battle strategy, and also spar with Arthur, since we are the only Level 5 Shapeshifters. We started with small, then bigger. I showed him how to retract his claws in his winged form, how to use his hooves in defense, and how to climb trees in stealth. We also sparred in human form as well, using our swords, and I showed him my peculiar style like he showed his style to me as well. My respect has grew in amounts for Arthur, and I admit I have started to have strong feelings, even affection for him too. My affection suddenly grew upon a incident during one of our spars. I was teaching him how to dodge obstacles while fighting, knowing that being distracted will end your life sooner or later. You have to keep both eyes on your opponent, and the surroundings around you as well. I had that lesson learned years ago. We used a small meadow, and the forest as our sparring field. The incident happened upon the late morning, near the small stream. I was among a cliff, slightly above to match Arthur's height as I used my sword, Maronite to dodge his sword, Excalibur. \"Close, but put more energy into your arm Use the advantage to surprise.\". I suggested out loud. Arthur laughed as he nodded, understanding. I ducked into a bush, rolling into space to jump out and clash the sword against his, yet he wasn't there. I looked around suspiciously, warily tense as I waited for something to warn me when Arthur shows up. Then out of nowhere, Arthur appeared from a recent shift, taking me off guard, and I had to block him off, backing off as he had the upper ground over me. I had to thrust my sword at him, but he dodged expertly, and suddenly shifted as he went behind my back, and I had to turn around to cut him off, but unfortunately, something tripped me, and out of my eye, I recognized Arthur's Puffin form. I turned around, falling on my back, a slight grunt of whoop as dust and dirt floated around me from the impact. Arthur was smirking as he was leaning over me, bowing from his waist, \"Did I succeed, my lady?\". \"Yes, you indeed did, my King.\". I replied as I started to get up. I heard a chuckle, and I looked up again, saw his hand in mid-air, and I looked up further at his face. He was giving me a smile, a gracious one as he gestured to me to allow him to get me up. I returned the smile as I grabbed his hand, and with a small grunt, he got me up, with too much strength, drawing me into his chest roughly. I blushed greatly as I had my hands to catch myself for balance, then I glanced up, able to look at Arthur equally. Arthur gave a speechless look as he stared at me, and I blinked, pulled away, my heart beating furiously as my affection suddenly grew in a moment. \"Thank you for giving me a hand, your majesty.\". I shyly said, and Arthur smiled, \"It was no trouble, and I was hoping you would call me by name.\". I gasped out of shock, \"I am so honored, my...Arthur.\". Arthur nodded, \"May I have your permission to call you Laila?\". I grinned happily, \"You may.\". I was overjoyed that I had the honor to call him by name now, since once he called me by name, and he never did it again, which made me sad and disappointed until now. I then responded playfully, \"Come on, Arthur. We still have a bit of time before we must return for supper.\". Arthur grinned, \"Ready to lose, Laila?\". \"Only in your dreams, Arthur.\". I mischievously grinned back, and Arthur laughed, readied himself. I smirked, readied myself, then we began sparring once more, this time with happiness fervor and joking humor. Ever since, I was able to be closer to Arthur in chats, seats, and battle strategy planning. Sunrise gave a thumbs up and a wink which embarrassed me furiously, through at that moment, I knew she gave her blessing for us. In one day, we are preparing to pack and march to Calx, where in the next two days after that, the battle will begin. I had a feeling that it will be equal in evens and odds, through we hoped to get through without deaths, but battles are a finicky situation no matter where or when. Artie and Lord, please look over us as we soon march into battle, and guide us to victory.[Chapter 9] (No one's P.O.V.) - 3 days later The Battle of Calx It was long and tedious, both sides fought hard and persistent. Many people have lost their lives, good and bad. Other people gained injures, scars, mental or emotional stress, stronger faith, respect for elders and youngsters, and understanding that the battle is unforgettable. For the people of Camelot and the nearby lands, they have nearly lost Arthur, their true king, and the one who fought against enemies to get to him, the warrior woman called Laila. The events surrounding Arthur and Lailia was astounding. In the midst of battle, Arthur was dueling quite well with a group of Saxons, surprising them with shifting forms, killing them quickly, turning attention to other Saxons, while Laila was some yards away, dueling a couple of particularly determined Saxons, doing the same thing. The people didn't see what happened, since they were focused on their enemies, but they saw Laila tense and widen her eyes as she heard a familiar scream of pain. In a matter of seconds, Laila became a furious woman, running and slashing every Saxon in sight on her path, growling loudly, and then something happened. Arthur did a mistake, he was focused on one Saxon, didn't focus on his surrounding around him, for another Saxon was behind him, did the cowardly way by striking him in the back with a dagger. Laila heard and saw this, then the first Saxon dared to cut Arthur in the stomach, earning a ear-piercing scream of pain from Arthur once more, evoking Laila to shift into something rather frightening that shocked both sides. Laila changed into a creature that's only heard in the stories of myths from ancient history. It was a three-headed Cerberus. The pelt was pitch black, the eyes was different, yet they are all glowing. The left head had emerald green eyes, the middle head had blood red eyes, and the right head had birch brown eyes. The Cerberus was much larger, compared to some dragon forms which people had. You could say she is familiarly compared with Fluffy, a Cerberus from Harry Potter wiki. She went through Saxons so quickly, killing them effectively, maybe grossly, but it worked for her. She plowed through the battle, arriving to kill the Saxons who had hurt Arthur, and the middle head was nuzzling Arthur as the other heads was busy growling or killing the rest of the Saxons who dared to be closer. Arthur was faint from loss of blood but he was able to know that it was Laila, and he had whispered a order to her, and Laila snorted, seemed to nod, before shifting into her winged lioness, and picking up Excalibur in her teeth while moving her body under Arthur, giving him a lift, enough to jar Arthur awake for a few moments to get himself secured upon Laila's back. Laila roared, and flew up, startling the Saxons to begin shooting with their arrows, but the Camelotians stopped them, going back into battle, their anger and furious courage growing for their king, their hope and faith praying for the king and Laila to return back to Camelot, knowing Merlin or the magic of the Stone can only help Arthur now. In the outskirts of the battle, one of the Saxons succeeded to shoot a arrow, driving it into one of Laila's wings, earning a pained screech from Laila, but she kept going. She had love, faith, courage, hope, family, friendship, loyalty, and determination driving her as she carried Arthur. She didn't want to lose Arthur like she lost her son. With the wind pushing her on, she was gleeful to make it to Camelot, and she dived, roaring and screeching as she focused on the courtyard to land besides the Stone. She shifted back, quickly laying Arthur on the ground, terrified to see his breathing being slow, and his body losing strength and heat, drawing her sword, Maronite, and getting Excalibur, and with a thrust down in a frenzy, the duo swords landed in the Stone, and suddenly, the Stone gave power, a blast driving her away a few feet, a powerful beam drilling up and up into the sky, able to be seen miles and miles away. The blast was able to spread out to cover all Britain, somehow bringing Camelot back to magnificence, curing Arthur and other people in injuries, saving them from death, however it couldn't bring back the already dead people, good and bad, and exiling the Saxons group by group, leaving the Camelotians to celebrate in victory and joy, seeing that they had won the battle and had taken Camelot back. Arthur, now healed, was grinning at Laila, who smiled back. Suddenly, the duo swords glowed so bright that the couple had to shield their eyes, and once the glowing was gone, they blinked, and stood in surprise, gaping, as besides the Stone, was two transparent yet solid people standing side by side.[Chapter 10] (Arthur's P.O.V.) I stood still as I stared at two male beings standing before me and Laila, and I could somehow feel that they are familiar in some way. The one on the left was considerably taller than me, his eyes has the faint color of brown, his hair is dirty blonde like mine, and he is dressed in a formal tunic over pants and boots, aged by 4 and 40 years. The one on the right was shorter than me, through taller than Laila respectively. His eyes has the faint color of blue, his hair is blonde, and he is dressed in a squire tunic over breeches and shoes, aged by 7 and 10 years. I warily spoke, \"Who are you?\". The elder man smiled amusingly yet approvingly, \"Very good, boy, to be wary in those times. You have learned well. You have known me long ago, if only for a short while. Your mother is so proud of you.\". I widened my eyes in shock, \"You are my father?\". \"Aye, son. I was like you long ago, protecting my people.\". the man, no, my father spoke wistfully. I blinked, and exhaled, \"You were king, aren't you? Uther is your name.\". My father smiled, chuckled deeply. \"You have the mind of your mother. Igraine will be impressed once I return to her.\". \"You have seen Mother? How is she?\". I asked curiously. Father nodded, \"Indeed, I have been seeing her for a long time since I departed this world. She has been doing good. She loves you, you understand.\". I gulped a bit, smiled as I nodded. Laila was staring at the younger man, suspicion in her eyes. \"And you?\". The young man gave a smile, and mischievously spoke, \"Aw, I thought you would know me, but I guess time had changed me a lot for sure.\". Laila gasped, her eyes taking in him a bit closer, and breathed, \"Artie?'. I blinked in surprise, and the young man tenderly grinned at her, \"Hi, Mother.\". \"Artie!'. Laila sobbed as she ran to him, a hug enveloping themselves in a second, laughter sounding from Artie, my namesake. I was shocked to see that Laila's son was much older than he was in the story that Laila told me about. Once they split up, still holding each other by the shoulder, they are remarkably alike, with differences of gender, age, and stature, signifying for sure that they are mother and son. Father stepped closer and spoke, \"The heavens has the ability to age the children yet have immortal adults like me. That is why young Artie is considerably different since the time he has lived on this world.\". I looked at him, \"May I ask how you are here?\". \"Ahh, that will take a quite long time to say, but to simply explain, you could say it was the Stone and the Swords' power that was able to bring us here for a short time as we have some things to reveal.\". Father explained humbly. Laila spoke, \"You look so handsome. My parents would have loved you.\". Artie sheepishly smiled, \"Actually, they already do.\". Laila gasped, \"Mother and Father had passed away?\". \"They did, only a year after you left. They were brokenhearted and 'he' became too comfortable and revealed his deepest horrible secret, which was killing me and abusing you. Grandfather was enraged, and attempted to kill 'him' , but was dead before he succeeded. Grandmother did the last possible thing that killed 'him' , through she had to give her life for it.\". Artie explained. Laila exhaled and asked, \"And 'him' ?\". At this question, Artie gave a smirk and a low chuckle before speaking, \" He was banished to the deepest bowels of the Underworld, forever feeling the pain you once felt.\". Laila grimly smiled, \"Good.\". Father then spoke, \"The Saxons are forever exiled from this country, however, I must warn you, you must keep wary even in times of peace no matter how long it takes, for there are always other obstacles you'll have to take to protect your people.\". \"I promise on my honor, Father.\". I determinedly spoke, and Father smiled approvingly, chuckled, \"Through, not just you. Laila too, must be doing the same.\". Laila looked confused as I was curious, \"Why me, sire?\". Father smiled, \"Tell her, boy.\". He inclined his head to Artie. I looked over, Laila watching her son, Artie proudly spoke, \"Mother, the Stone has determined you to be the True Queen.\". Laila gaped, then blinked, and looked at me quickly then looked back at Artie. \"But I couldn't be..\". I softly spoke, \"You are, Laila.\". Laila gasped, \"What are you presuming about, Arthur?\". \"You saved my people, protected my home, and you have sacrificed battle to save me. It makes very much sense for you to be the True Queen, and..my wife.\". I gently spoke, getting louder and louder. Laila stared at me in surprise, awe. \"You want me to be your wife?\". \"Yes. Today has proved my suspicions since that day we sparred. Remember?\". I smiled with love and respect for her. Laila exhaled, seemed to remember for a moment, and nodded. \"I, too, had affections and strong feelings for you, Laila, and nothing would make me happier than making you my wife, even if you want to wait first, and I understand.\". I explained strongly. Laila looked lost for a moment, blinking as she thought, looking at me, Father, then Artie. Artie smiled, \"If you want to know, Mother, Grandfather and Grandmother approved when they saw you with Arthur, and..I do approve. I want you to be happy, Mother. I give you my blessing.\". Laila sobbed at that announcement and hugged him tightly, and pulled back, spoke, \"You have the wisdom of Father for certain.\". Artie grinned at that, then glanced upwards. \"Sire, we must leave.\". Artie spoke reluctantly. I blinked, \"Already?\". Father nodded and one-armed hugged me warmly, \"Arthur, son, live up to our legacy, and don't forget who you are.\". I returned the hug, and nodded, \"I will, Father.\". Father gave a last smile in approval before he disappeared. Laila was kissing Artie goodbye, \"You behave good up there, okay, baby?\". Artie embarrassingly smiled, \"Yes, Mother, I promise, and please don't call me that.\". Laila looked sad at that, \"I am sorry. For the moments you lived, you were my baby, Artie. I will miss you, son.\". Artie sighed heavily, and spoke, \"All right, Mother, I will always be your baby even when I am grown up now.\". And looked at me, \"You will make her happy, and if you don't, I will make sure to haunt you in your dreams, mister.\". I nodded with fervor and respect and admittedly a hint of fear, and Artie nodded with a smirk, and gave a cheek kiss upon Laila, \"I love you, Mother.\", before he disappeared as well.[Chapter 11] (Laila/Lancefang's P.O.V.) I whispered, \"Love you too, son.\". A slight breeze tickled my face, signifying that Artie heard me, and I smiled bittersweet. I felt a hand upon my shoulder, and looked over to see Arthur, looking inquisitive and calm. \"Are you all right, Lailia?\". he asked gently. I nodded, \"I already am, Arthur.\". He smiled and nodded, and nervously averted his eyes for a moment, then looked at me, \"May I have your permission to give affection to you?\". I tilted my head curiously and replied, \"You may.\". Arthur moved his hand into my cheek, making me lean comfortably into his warm skin, and Arthur then smiled, moved his other hand behind my back, and leaned slowly, guessing that he didn't want to scare me, and finally kissed me. I was surprised as he grew confident in the kiss, and I smiled against his lips, returned the kiss with excitement. I pulled back, and whispered, \"Yes, I will.\". Arthur asked, \"You mean, you want to be my wife?\". I looked at him, \"Truly, Arthur. After all, I am to be the True Queen and that means I want to be your wife.\". Arthur exhaled, grinned and kissed me passionately. I gave love and hope into this kiss as we proceeded. Meanwhile, while they were lost in love, the Swords glowed and flashed many times, planning to surprise the couple within a minute or two. Arthur pulled back, blinking, \"Wait, I haven't done it properly.\". He got down on one knee, causing me to cover my mouth with my hands in surprise, having a feeling that he was going to do this with propriety. Arthur looked at me with so much love and passion that he looked so regal right there. \"Laila, my lady, you have done so much for me. Your expertise in fighting, caring for my people, your beautiful laughter, remarkably skilled in animal shifts. You are protective over my home, loyal to Camelot, and now love for me. I love your eyes, sparkling like the stars, and your hair, bright like the sun. I have admiration, respect, faith in you as I had fallen in love with you, and I believe that you will be a great queen by my side. By the blessings of our families, Laila Lancefang, will you marry me, be my wife, my best friend, my lover, and the light of my life?\". I nodded with fervor, \"Arthur Pendragon, yes, I will marry you.\". I kissed him this time happily with so much love that I felt I was ready to cry out in joy. Cheers and shouts suddenly came out of nowhere, and we looked up in surprise to see practically everybody we had met and knew. I laughed and blushed as I realized that they saw Arthur's proposal and my answer. They congratulated us with happiness and joy, and the swords flashed up, and Arthur then stepped up, drew up Excalibur, cheers went up again, and Arthur looked at me, nodded toward Maronite, and I exhaled, stepping up next to him, easily drawing Maronite out, and the cheers got louder and louder. -24 hours later- I was taking a deep breath before I could proceed to the aisle. I was wearing Kayley's wedding dress, had been fitted toward my style and body, and with some great women, they were able to switch the color of cream white into seashell white. I was wearing a crown of mini sunflowers, and holding a small bouquet of unique flowers called 'Firesmoke Roses', which is a mix between Heliconias and wild white orchids that were found by Devon and Cornwall, and given to me. I walked out and stepped into the sunshine that flowed through the windows of the throne room which is the Round Table as well. The crowd was big, split in halves to let me through, and the aisle continued on through a wide door that led to the courtyard, where my clan and Arthur's knights including Kayley and Garrett with their son, Darren. Arthur was standing ahead of the stone, all in his regal clothes with his crown and sword, holding my sword as well. Merlin was next to him, acting as officiant of our marriage. Arthur looked so gobsmacked yet so happy, and I gave a soft smile toward him, showing my feelings. The union went well, and we kissed happily and passionately, as cheers and shouts filled the courtyard and castle. I pulled back, and whispered, \"I have a idea to take back Camelot forever.\". Arthur smiled, \"What do you have in mind?\". I smirked and shifted almost immediately into my lioness form, flying up to land upon the largest and widest stone of the courtyard, my eyes beholding the lands beyond Camelot, hearing Arthur land by me in his lion form. I then shouted, \"Camelot is ours once again, and I am the True Queen, protector of our people and our lands!\". Arthur took a deep breath after looking at me with admiration and love, and announced, \"I am the True King, protector of our people and our lands, and Camelot will always be here forever until the ends of time. Mote it be!\". I then roared loudly, the sound echoing, and Arthur joined in, roaring earnestly. We heard all sounds from our people, joining in our acclamation over Camelot. We finished in exhaustion, and we nuzzled each other for a moment until we had to return back to the ground, shifting back to normal, our people crowding us as we progressed into a party for the night. I smiled at my husband, my king as he returned the smile back, and I knew at that moment, with Arthur's support and love, and our people's respect and loyalty, I will rule surely and rightly as I am the True Queen forever and ever.[Chapter 12] (Sunrise's P.O.V.) Before I and my warriors left for HQ, I was able to make a surprise warrior ceremony for my apprentice, Reedpaw. She had some nasty injuries, even when she fought bravely to the end. She now bared a few scars upon her right side, probably to her insistence toward the Stone's power. Lancefang was able to join us in a private gallery room where pictures were hung about. \"Today, we have the last apprentice, ready to be a warrior after a long time, and she has been patient. I am happy to reply that I know it's that time. Before the stars and the spirits, Reedpaw, do you promise to uphold the Clan code, and be who you are no matter what?\". Reedpaw, in her light green over black pants and brown shoes, nodded in determination, spoke strongly, \"I do, Sunrise.\". \"Then before this clan, for your clever skills and your courage, you shall be called 'Reedheart'!\". I announced. Warriors echoed the name over and over, with myself being excited and overjoyed for her. The portal appeared, and Portia walked out, \"Great name, through it isn't nothing without a totem necklace to prove it!\". I smiled, and Reedheart looked excited at the mention of her necklace. \"Batfur and Bootpelt, I trust you have something to help me.\". Portia requested politely. Both women stepped forward, showed a shifted dragon scale, and a look-alike of Zuko's knife. Portia grinned and waved a hand, the scale and the knife coming to her, and swirls of rainbow colors formed around her hands, enveloping the gifts, and with a flash, the totem radio necklace was made immediately. The thread was made of Chinese thread, and hanging from the necklace was now the shrunken knife, and the scale now polished and shining, and a new third surprise was hanging upon the thread as well. It was a pressed Panda Lily, a flower only found in the Earth Kingdom in the world of Avatar. Portia placed the necklace gently around Reedheart's neck, and cheers came again. \"Shall I get you guys home?\". Portia then asked. I nodded, and I watched every warrior as she/he went in, heading back to HQ, leaving me to say a few words toward Lancefang. \"Well, I must not worry for you anymore, for you have lots of support here. I trust you will live well, yes?\". I asked happily. Lancefang chuckled, \"Even when I am queen, you will always be my leader, Sunrise. You gave me so much, and I know I will be fine.\". I nodded, and we heard a distinct voice calling out outside the room. \"That's Arthur. I must go, chief. The night's blessings to you, Sunrise.\". Lancefang conceded. I smiled, \"You as well, Lancefang. Goodbye, and it's not forever.\". I stepped into the portal with a wave. Soon, I was home. Since that day, a month and a half has passed here in HQ, but over there in Lancefang's world, a year and half has passed, and the royal couple has welcomed a princess; a daughter named Hazel as she was discovered to have sky blue blended with brown eyes. She has Lancefang's light blonde hair, and Arthur's skin tone. She has Arthur wrapped around her finger, and Lancefang was amused since she saw a connection between her daughter and Darren. Kayley has seen it too, and agreed to let the connection grow into a relationship in the far future if possible. Even when the times are peaceful now, the people; shapeshifters and etc, has adopted the practice of exercise in the style of spars and such. Arthur and Lancefang was happy to see that, and I watched the proceedings, and knew they will be taking of themselves just fine. Lancefang, good fortunes to you, and even if you are a True Queen now, you are a warrior in your heart. Live positively, my friend. ","Summary":" Hi, the name is Lancefang. Everybody calls me Laila, just for what it means to me; guardian angel. "},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"watching carrie the movie","Author":"samlem15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10034974","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Prologue. It was a sunny day in the small town of Chamberlain, Main. The children were at school and the grown ups were either working or chatting at home with friends. Nobody knew that the next day there would happen something unexpecting. Something that would turn there whole world upside down. This is the new version of chapter 1. Please let me know if the grammer is correct.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: the beginning. It was a normal lunch break in Ewen High School in Maine. The populair girls also called the ultra's where sitting and chatting with each other. The table next sitted the sporters and next to the sporters the gothics and you can go farther so. But at the end was sitting carrie white, all alone. She was thinking in herself. She had after the break gym, but momma had beated her last night for 'sinning'. There was no way she could run or if they were going to swimm hide her bruises. And she knew miss desjardin wouldnt except excuses. Just if she wanted to think what she must do about this, the doors slammed open. Out of the doors came a few grown-ups. Carrie recognized some people, like sue's mother and chris father with chris her boyfriend Billy Nolan. Everyones head was turned to them with a asking look on their faces. The teachers looked also confused. The principal stood and walked to them and said; Excuse me, but could one of you tell me please what you are all doing here? Is there something wrong? Not even one seconde after he said that, miss snell stepped in front of him. Miss snell; 'What do you mean sir? We've all got a letter that you wanted to speak with us about something important'. Behind her sounded approvingly yes. Principal; 'Im sorry but i have no idea where you are talking about, i never send those letter. The students en teachers now looked also confused. Where were the talking about? Just if the case couldnt got any weirder, felt in the middle of the hall out of no were a dvd and letter. Everyones attention was immediatly at the dvd and note. Billy nolan: What the heck just happend?! People looked it confused and others, by who the dvd had fallen nearby looked shocked or scared. After some minutes, some people dared to looking closer at it. In the end the principal walked to the table where the dvd lay on and the note. He looked at them looking for something that was not natural. Mr Ullman: What is it? Principal: It is just a dvd. Everyone looked at him like they didnt believed him but also relieved. 'How can a dvd appear out of nowhere and why is it here' said miss Desjardin. While the rest looked still confused. Principal: Hey here is a note! 'Then read it! I want to fucking now why there felt a dvd out of nowhere' said Tina Blake. No one did correct her they all wanted to now the answer on that question. 'Alright' said the principal. Dear people. I am have send you this dvd because there is going to happend something terrible in the future. I want that this not happends,so i thought it will be the best if i let you see it all from the beginning to the end. I was the one who send all those letters, sorry. But i want that all of you are present while you are watching the movie. I have only one warning: this dvd can shock you. It will reveal things you didnt knew of before and it are not beautiful things. But i think that in the end it will be for the best, so even if you want to stop watching this movie or want not see something. Youre not lucky, youre going to watch all of this! Before that has happend you cant get away and it would be very stupid. Afther the principal had read this, everyone looked at him shocked.'Is this a fucking joke' said Chris Hargenson. Principal; im afraid not. To shocked to say something about her language. Eleanor snell: But i cant stay here i have to go to my bridgeclub.' When she said this more comments where heard. Miss Desjardin: i think its really important, maybe we must watch it? A fierce debate erupted. In the end they desided to watch the movie. The students did found this great. No lessons and like everybody else the were curious about what the dvd would show them. The grown-ups did their appointments call off and move, and then took a seat in front at the screen (the one you saw in the movie during prom). Which was suspended when the adults were on the phone. Some people like chris father and sue's parents were sitting next to there daughter/girlfriend. Miss desjardin was sitting next to carrie. Carrie looked at her. After the accident the had become closer, and miss desjardin knew things of carrie that she wouldnt or didnt dare to tell others. But she wasnt always speaking the truth to her. Once miss desjardin had saw a big blue bruise on her arm that she had got from momma for 'sinning'. She had lied that she had felt of the stairs. It was even a little true. Momma had slapped her a few times and had her dragged down the stairs and then locked her in the prayer closet. She found miss desjardin really nice, even before the accident she had defende carrie and she loved the talks the had in break, but she loved her momma and was afraid for her. No one must never found out what happend at her home. Carrie was so in her thoughts that she didnt notice that miss desjardin was looking at her and had said something. 'Carrie what do you think this dvd will show us'? Asked miss desjardin carrie again. 'He, oh sorry miss desjardin what did jou said?' Said carrie while she looked with her big, beautiful brown eyes to her. Everytime miss desjardin looked in those eyes she was surprised how brown and sweet they where. It was only one of the things you saw from carrie's appearance. Her body was coverd in large, long and old fashioned clothes. Her her and face were the most coverd with a kerchief. Her eyes looked at her like when the talked in the breaks. Carrie was a nice person to talk with and was not like how the most said she was. When she had first start working here, her fellow workers had warned her for carrie. They had told her about margareth white and how carrie was exactly the same. Plus she was clumbsy and shy. So when she had saw carrie the first time she had been surprised. She wasnt like the other teachers described her. Yes she had been shy and a little bit clumbsy, but she wasnt so much religious as the others had said. Now she knew that carrie was also smart and loved things making with the hand like painting, seawing and drawing. She had saw how carrie tride to fit in and how people treated her. The other teachers did like the didnt saw anything or even helped them! So she did everything she could to protect her, gived the bullies detentions and talked some times to carrie. One time after school she had be really furious. She had while she walked to the teachersroom found carrie looking around with tears in her eyes. She had asked to carrie what was wrong. It looked like that carrie's necklace with jezus was gone. She had looked everywhere but couldnt find it. When she had said to carrie that she wouldnt proberly found it back, carrie had cried even harder. After some pushing carrie had told her that the necklace had belonged to her father. This had shocked miss desjardin. She had heard also about ralph white. He had been a very large man with blonde hair and brown eyes. He was as much religious as his wife and had always took to work a bible for reading and a gun for killing the antic hrist if he ever saw him. Many people had been scared for him and he looked always so hatefull to you with his eyes. He had a few months before carrie's birth died thanks to a construction accident. She had sented carrie home and had looked for the necklace. After two days she had found it in the park next to school and had the followed day gived to carrie. Carrie van had hugged her and had said so many times thank you she lost the count. She looked again at carrie and said: What do you think the dvd wil show us? Carrie:' i dont now'. But i hope it has nothing to do with me she thought. Just if miss desjardin wanted to respond the principal screamed: alright everyone be silent the dvd starts in: 3 2 1 Begin. Hey everyone so here is chapter 2 ,i will as soon as i can post chapter 3. Im sorry that i didnt posted earlier ,but the most know i had problems with my internet. If you read this story you read that carrie wears a kerchief. I dont mean to discremenate people or peoples believe. Its just in many culters and beliefs woman can were something to hide there face and i think that was also with the christians. But i dont now whats the name of it so i say kerchief. Also if there is something like that i think margareth white would force her daughter to wear it because it covers carrie. I also found that cloe mortez did a great job, but was to pretty to be bullied and if there came a remake i always w as nted that carrie weared something to hide her face so that everyone at the prom is shocked when the see her without it. If you all dont really like it i will of course change it. Please let some reviews.[Chapter 3] Chapeter 3. Birth of tragedy. the screem showed a blue house. The teachers and students looked confused why were they seeing this house? While carrie knew that this was her house. Why were they seeing this? The screem was getting closer to the house and there was heard a very hard and loud scream. Most people shifferd when they heard that scream. the sreem moved to the door and then in the house. Another scream was heard, like there was someone in horrible pain. The screem showed a chair and table, on which standed an sewingmachine. Than the screem moved and stopped for a few secondes by a closet. When Carrie saw that thing she felt her hart beating faster. The prayer closet. She felt becoming a little sick and didnt knew she was starting to shiffer a little. Miss desjardin saw that and was asking herself why Carrie would be so afraid of it? The screem then shoved again and showed a staircase on which a bible drenked in blood was lying. Some people reconiged that bible. It was from Margareth White. More than once she had predicted something what was writing in it to them (and when they refused to listen she screamed most of the time that the were going to hell or where sinners). Then the screem showed Margareth White lying on a bed coverd in blood. The students looked first disgusted and then looked to carrie, who got a blush because everybody stared at her. Why are we looking at the christians freak mother! Yelled chris with annoying in her voice. Chris! Yelled john hargenson to her with shock on his face that his little girl would say something like this. But before anyone else could say something the movie played farther. Margareth:' Our father who ares in haven, how... Awwww! O god what is this pain. Is it cancer? While the students putted there hands to there ears she they didnt have to heard the screams, especially carrie who had no idea what was happening to her mother and felt happy that her mother was in pain and also angry and sad. Sad because her mother was in pain and angry because she liked it. While the adults started to get a idea what this scene was. Just when she wants to say something she screams again, this time louder than first. Margareth stops after some seconds with screeming and looks tired. She is taking breath when her face went pale and she looks shocked. She moves her eyes to the end of her nightgown and sees something moving under it. The adults looked at each other. They where right this was what they had thought it was. While the students had also figured out what this scene was. Miss snell 'please say that this is not what i think it is'. Said she to only shaked his head. She slowly picks up the end of her nightgown and sees under it an baby coverd in blood. Freaky carrie's birth thought the students (the adults to but just carrie, not freaky carrie). No one dared to say something. Carrie had also got it and was surprised. Momma said when she had asked where baby's came from, that one morning you woke up and that there was a baby. She didnt know much about things like these, but she knew that what she had saw was diffrent from what her mother had told her. Margareth looks shocked to the baby who slowly is opening her eyes and moving. Margareth:It's a test. What was this woman saying? Margareth start looking for something and puts out of her nightstand an scisor. Everyone went pale. No it couldnt she wouldnt do... She holds the baby back with her hand, who at this time started moving. Yes she was going to do it. Everyone started to look at carrie like they where afraid she would dissapear or the would see a cut. Carrie at the moment had become paler and was hold by miss desjardin who couldnt believe what she saw! That woman, carrie's mother was at the point of killing her daughter! While the rest of the adults started to trust margareth less. They didnt like the woman but had never thought she would try to do things like this. Sue snell looked at carrie while her friends had started to whisper again and felt herself even more guilty. Margareth: got it know, got it know. That woman was crazy thought everyone. Margareth wants to attack the child with the scisor and rises her hand. Everyone holded back there breath while miss desjardin holded carrie even stronger. Just when she is about to do it, the scisor stops and the baby starts to cry. Everyone taked breath and were relieved. But still people were looking worried at carrie (teachers and students). They had never know about how dangeres margareth really was and were now scarred for there children and carrie. Was everytine alright with her?They had never mented with margareths raising of carrie. The day carrie was born they had ignored margareths screamings, thinking she was praying. When they had figured out what had really happend they had been shocked that she had a child. Ralph was almost 9 months death and margareth had swore that she never did it. They had found her a were glad with this events. Then a thought hitted everyone. What if the police hadnt came in time and margareth had changed her mind or margareth had killed carrie? These thoughts gave everyone shiffers. Even chris hargenson. Oke carrie was a big religious freak, but she even felt sorry for her! Sure the didnt like carrie, but she had never had wanted her death! Whike everybody was thinking about what they had saw, carrie was also thinking Carrie was at the moment thinking the same thing over and over again. Momma tried to kill me. She was heartbroken by this thought. She knew she haddend be surprised knowing momma. But she had hoped momma loved her even a little. Momma didnt loved her, the only person she could full trust was miss desjardin at the moment. I wish that momma had murderd me that day was carrie's last thought before tears were coming out of her eyes. When miss desjardin saw this she hugged carrie even more and promised herself that if she ever saw margareth white that woman had something to explain. Nobody saw carrie crying except sue snell with her boyfriend, who after saw this was sure he would take carrie to the prom. Margareth looks confused, but the baby opens her eyes and looks right in those of margareth. Most of the woman started awwwing. Carrie looked so cute as a baby! And those beautiful eyes, they were tracked to them like magnetes. They had never knew carrie had been so adoribble baby. Margareth had hide carrie as much as she could and when she was older she always weared her kerchief and those stupid clothes. Margareth looks in the baby's eyes and drops her scisor. She picks the baby sloely up and starts to hug her and kissing her. The scene went black. People were still shocked about what they had saw and now looked at carrie who had cried in miss desjardins arms. They didnt knew what to do. Until principal Morton said: carrie... But miss desjardin who saw that carrie was not in condition to talk made a sign that said we will talk with her about this later. Just when he wanted to say something, the movie started playing farther.[Chapter 4] Chapter 3 playing in the pool. The screem shows now a 15 almost 16 year old carrie wearing an badhead . Also her body is coverd by a towel. The screem is getting closer to carrie, until you only see her face. 'She has the same eyes she had as child' thought everyone when the looked at the screem. 'But the dont look so full of life anymore and they look locked'. The screem moves and now shows other girls coming out of the door. First sue snell followed by chris gargenson, tina blake, heather shrys and the twins nickky and lizzy. Some boys did whistle at the pretty girls who they saw in their bikinies. While heather and sue didnt payed much attention to it, but chris, tina and the twins looked at the boys and smiled enjoying the attention. Sue was hold by tommy while chris father and billy looked at the boys. Billy: 'Hey Dicks! Thats mine girlfriend'. While he putted his arm around chris. Chris smiled at him and gived him a kiss on his lips. They are smiling and talking with each other walking in there bikini's. Tommy ross walks to sue and starts to kiss her while the other ultra's walk farther to the pool. Thanks to this scene some boys and this time also girls started again to whistle. They looked happy for them couple and some jalous. Sue did blush when she saw this. Normally she and tommy didnt kiss right in front of everybody. That time had been different. And now everyone saw it including her parents! Her mother looked happy for her while her fsther looked like he would love to see something else. She knew it wasnt tommys fault. 'Her father liked him and they even did real man things together'. 'Her father just found it hard that ' his little princess' had now a boyfriend'. She thought while tommy putted her even more close to him. Miss desjardin: 'Get in the pool ladies, and tommy ross go to your class'. Tommy stops kissing sue and pulls back. Sue walks to the ulltra's and they walk to the pool. Tommy wants t o walk away but then sees carrie standing and smiles to her. Carrie looks surprised but smiles a small smile back while girls are running to the pool. When Heather saw this she was surprised. Carrie didnt smile back easy (if someone even smiled to her). Miss desjardin: \"lets go ladies get in the water!' 'Chris and sue lets go!' And uses her flute. 'You dont have to scream that loud' said john hargenson to miss desjardin. He was still angry that the school refused to give him his right. He couldnt win with the arguments they had. One thing he didnt understand. Why hadnt chris give her ? He understood that she wouldnt that they looked into private stuff, but thanks to this she was missing her junior prom. After he had said this the other adults looked at him slightly angry, miss desjardin had doing nothing wrong! Miss desjardin descided to be the smartest of the two and did like she had heard nothing. Carrie also walks to the pool and gets in the water. The screem shows a few legs of the girls who now stand in the water. The screem turns and shows now the girls standing in the pool. Some of the male students stare at the screem. But this time they didnt said anything. Sue and chris stand by the net and carrie stands the farest away. The game begins and sue and chris are doing it good like the rest of the girls (but they are the best). After chris scores a point chris and sue share an high five. Chris looked after this scene at sue. How she wished that eveything was like then again. Now they were fighting with each other because of what happend with carrie in the showers. Any sympathie she had for carrie was now gone. Thanks to that religious freak the ultras were falling apart. Fuck it that her mother tried to kill her, it didnt change how she was. Thought Chris with anger, her sorry for carrie shoved away for the hate. 'Keep it in the air, keep it high!' Screems miss desjardin. Chris and sue pass the bal and score by the other team. Some girls couldnt help it but were acclaiming. Miss desjardin: 'Hit it girls, hit it!' Sue and chris sway with each other in the water. Sue:' dont be afraid of the ball ladies'. While they were swaying. A girl from the other team slams the ball over the net and it stops just for carrie. Carrie looks surprised and shy. while the rest of the girls look at her. Unsure about what to do. They adults were surprised at this. They had never thought carrie was this shy! Sure they had heard it, but everyone also said that she was like her mom. Maybe they would saw that later? 'Alright carrie white'. 'Get carrie in the game'. Says miss desjardin. Looks to carrie and says: 'You cant stand at the line all the time'. 'Alright carrie surves'. Principal morton looked glad at miss desjardin. This was yes indeed her first year, but the students liked her and he had heard the rumors that she stood up for the misfits. Especially carrie white. He was glad he had give her a contract and hadnt let him intimidet by john hargenson. Chris looks at carrie with a evil/ sadestic smile. Most people felt now a little angry. Didnt chris saw that carrie was already nervous enough? Carrie walks forward with the ball in her hands. 'Alright carrie, do it, come on do it'. Says chris. While the other girls still stare at carrie. Carrie trows the ball up and slaps it. The ball hits sue snells head. 'Oww' screamed some people while they begon to laugh a bit and pointed. While other people understood that chris had made carrie so nervoud she had hitted the ball wrong. Chris and the other girls looks surprised and must smile a little. Carrie looks scared. 'Why do you look so scared? They are not going to eat you up'. Yelled henry, one of billys friends. While some other snickerd. Carrie didnt answer. She had be scared how the other students would react for hurting someone like sue. It was also a reflex she had learnt from living with her mother 15 years. 'And i had my right to be scared' she thought bitter, thinking what had happend at the end. But sue had tried to put it off, she thought with a little bit happiness. The other girls still smile and chris walks to sue. 'Hahah! Thats so funny chris' says sue. Chris' carrie... (laughs). Everyone starts to laugh and carrie seems not so scared anymore and even smiles a little. Tina looked surprised. While carrie was still coverd, she looked pretty while she smiled. Carrie had very good teeth. She did find herself a bit jalous. She had must weared bracellets and her teeth werent even that beautiful. Not that she was going to admit that. Chris: 'You eat shit'! And throws the ball to carrie. 'Chris'! Screams john hargenson, stunned his princess would say something like that to a girl who hadnt did anything to her. First that smile and chanting, what was wrong with his daughter? 'Miss hargenson! Detention at wednesday for insulting a student'. Said miss drew the teacher Math. Who after seeing all this beginned to feel sorry for carrie, 'Chris wanted to say something but before she had the chance her father said: 'You are going to that detention, do you understand that? Chris sees how angry her father is and looks down, humilated and hopes that this movie would not show more. She then could convince her father that it was carries fault. The staff smiled but tried to hide it. Maybe john would finally punishes his daughter more. The other girls look at her again and smile harder than first. Some girls who had laughed looked now a bit sorry. Carrie's smile starts to faint. The screems shows than heather, tina, chris and at the end every girl who all laugh out carrie. They girls in question were stared by other and while some looked sorry other looked angry at the ground finding this not so big deal. Carrie's smile is completly gone and she looks to the ground. Im sorry i didnt posted on sunday like i promised. I became sick and today is this first time in a week i dont lay in bed. So sorry! Also thanks for the reviews, i had never thought i would get so many (positive) reactions. Thanks and reviews are always welcom.[Chapter 5] Chapter 4 bloodsport. The screem shows a changeroom. Sue and chris stand in there with a towel on there middel. Chatting. The girls look at each other. \"Is this...\" A letter falls out of nowhere. \"Yes this is exactly what you think it is\" Some girls look uncomfortable, while other girls are smiling. Especially Chris Hargenson. Finally she could proof that Carrie White deserved all of it! The teachers , the rest of the students and parents finally understand what they are going to see. Miss desjardin looks at Carrie who has become pale. \"Do we have to watch this?\" \"I agree with miss Desjardin\" Again a letter felt out of nowhere. \"Im sorry miss desjardin and principal Henry but you all have to watch this\" Carrie walks with a towel over her body and hair/face. She looks around if somebody sees her. Nobody looks at her and she walks to the shower. \"He freak, afraid somebody will see you\" Miss Desjardin turned and saw Chester Miller, a jock, laughing with his friends. Miss Desjardin and some other teachers plus parents and students gave him a look. She takes of her towel and stands under the douche. People stared at Carrie who now looked uncomfortable. Mr Frogg, Carrie's Science teacher saw it too. \"Cant we skip this part\" Carrie looked up surprised and gave Mr Frogg a little smile. Mr Frogg stared for a few moments at her and then smiled back. \"Why should we skip this part?\" Mr Ullmann recived many angry looks from many people but didnt seem to notice this. \"Well Edwin why is it wrong when we saw the other girls half naked ,but is it oke when we see Carrie almost naked?\" Mr Ullmann became a very red color. \"Well Miss Desjardin... umm...u..\" \"Its alright if you dont know the answer right now you can explain it later to me in my office\" Many people started to giggle. \"Edwin is in trouble\" The people who heard this laughed even harder. She starts to wash herself with seep. Just when she wants to lift the towel (the one on her hair), she sees that there is blood on her hands and lets fall the seep. All the man in the room started to look uncomfortable. \"Oh for gods sake its just period blood\" After hearing this some men tried to look like it didnt bothered them, but they failed terrible. She looks terrified and looks again at her hands. She looks even more scared and screems hard: 'Help! Help me! Many woman hearts break when they hear Carrie screaming. TWO girls run after each other. Carrie strugles to walk and ends by chris, sue, the twins, heather and tina who are dolling with each other. Carrie walks to them with her towel still on and graps sue shirt with one of her hands. Sue: get of me freak! Tommy glares at Sue who looks at the ground. \"You didnt told me that you called her freak\" \"Im sorry\" Tommy looks at her slightly friendlier and takes her hand. Chris: Oh my god! Is that blood?! \"No Chris it is ketchup\" Chris glares with her father at Norma Watson who glares back at them. The Ultra's pull away from carrie and stare at her. Carrie: Please I'm bleading. Chris face changes, understanding what is happening with carrie. Carrie: Please! Chris: Oh my god! It's period blood! While pointing to sue's shirt on which now stands one blood handprint. Carrie: I'm bleeding. I'm going to die! \"Why do you think you're going to die? It's just your period!\" Students start to laugh and point at Carrie. \"Shut up all of you!\" The students look shocked at there angry parents. \"Maybe she was scared because it was her first period!\" Now everybody looks shocked to Miss Desjardin who is holding Carrie. \"Whattttt?!\" \"Thats right, you heard me! It was Carrie's first period\" \"Thats impossible, she's 15 almost 16!\" \"Well miss Blake some girls are later than others\" Many students who laughed stared shocked. \"Whatever, she's old enough to know what a period is! Its not our fault that..that dumb bible thumping retard didnt knew what a period was. \"It's not Carrie's fault that her mother didnt explain it to her\" yelled miss desjardin. \"Oh come on! Everybody knows that!\" screamed Chris back at miss desjardin. But while she said that she rememberd Miss White and started to think different. \"Soon you will tell me she doesnt know what sex is\". Chris started to laugh with some of her friends while the rest of the people looked at them with disgrace. \"What is sex?\" Everybody froze when they heard Carrie say those word and turned to her. \"You dont now what... s..e..xxxx is?\" Asked a very pale principal. Carrie looked at them confused. Why had everybody become pale? Had she said something wrong? \"What do you know about intercourse\" asked mrs Blake. \"Oh you mean sexual intercourse!\". When Carrie said this everybody begin to smile. Of course Carrie knew what sex was! Miss Desjardin looked at Carrie. \"Carrie what is sexual intercourse\". When miss Desjardin asked that to Carrie people started to blush. \"Miss Desjardin do you really...? Asked Henry (the principal). Miss Desjardin gave him a sign to be quite. Carrie started to blush a little with everyone looking at her. \"When a boy seducces a girl the devil possesses her and the girl lets enter a boy his snake into her\". \"It hurts a lot and the girl is dirty and doomed after this\". \"When the boy got what he wanted he leaves the girl all alone or forces her to do it again\". When Carrie was done explaining she was as red as a tomato. \"Shit!. Everyone looked at Carrie and wanted to struggle Margareth White. What kind of twisted tale had she told her daughter. The students finally understood that Carrie really had no idea about the body and stuff like that. \"Did I said something wrong\"? SaidCarrie while looking at the others. She waited for the hurtfull words to come, but saw only faces who looked at her with pity. The woman felt there heart breaking, seeing Carrie like this and runned to her. \"You didnt do anything wrong Carrie. Its your mother on who we are angry\". \"Is it because of her theory about sux\". Asked Carrie. \"Sex Carrie and yes\". Said miss Snell. After this it was a few minutes quite. Everybody had to accept what they just had heard. \"Carrie after this scene you and I are going to have a talk about what sex really is, oke honey\". Said Miss Desjardin. Carrie only shaked her head and everybody did go back to her of his chair. The Ultra's look at each other and they start to laugh. Chris and Sue the hardst. Carrie: Please help me! Chris: It's just your period. \"Yes, but Carrie didnt know that\" Whisperd Heather. She could only look at the scream at Carrie's terrified face. How had she not saw that when it had happend? Chris opens the automatic with tampons in it, graps one and walks to Carrie. Chris: Here plug it up. Chris tries to give it to Carrie, but when Carrie want to take it Chris walks away from her Almost everybody stared at Chris and the other girls who looked away. The Ultra's start to laugh again and point to Carrie's hand, which is under the blood. The teens and adults could only look zt the blood. It was so much. Chris looked also slightly crossed. \"It really was her first period\" She had to try her best not to throw up. At the mean time more girls have come to look at what is happening. Then someone throws a tampon at Carrie and soon every girl graps tampons and what other things they can get and throw it at carrie. They also scream plug it up., again and again. Everybody looked sick when they saw this. How could these girls do something so inhuman! The twins looked to the scream. No it wasnt like that, was it? Carrie creeps away from the girls till she is by the showers. The girls keep screaming and throwing things at a now terrified Carrie. Chris starts to film the incident with her mobile. \"Chris\". Screamed John Hargenson. Chris looked at her father, he was furious. \"Well looked like we now know who posted the video of it\" Said Henry. Chris looked around her and say everyone looking at her with disgust, loathing and hatred. She looked for support to her friends and Billy who shook there head, and in Billy's case looked at her with disgust and mutteredthe words shit Chris. \"Why did you do that, I thought i raised you better than that\". Said John with a angry and sore voice. \"ITS NOT MY FAULT! THAT RETARD ASKED FOR IT!\". Screamed Chris while her face became red. Then there happend something that they thought they would never see. John took Chris by her arms and pulled her back in her chair. \"THE ONLY THING THAT I SAW WAS A SHY GIRL WHO DIDNT DO ANYTHING TO DESERVE THIS SHIT FROM YOU, ALL OF YOU\". Screamed John back while looking at Chris and the other girls. \"When this movie is done you are grounded for 1 month\". \"No computer, parties, nothing! And you are going to remove that video of Carrie from youtube!\" \"Now apologies to her\". Chris looked at her father, she saw that for once her was serious. \"Wait a minute John\".Said Mr Wilson. Chris smiled when she heard that. Mr Wilson would help her and calm down daddy. \"What Max\". Said John looking at him. \"Chris isnt the only one who did it\". He said while turning to his daughters and the other girls. The other parents understood it and looked to their children. \"Your all are also grounded for 1 month for what you did. And when this is done we are going to have a conversation about bad behavior and bullying\". The girls just nodded, feeling ashamed of what they had done. \"Apologies right now\". All the girls looked at there parents and walked to Carrie. \"Im sorry Carrie\". \"What we did was wrong\". All the girls except Chris started to apologies to a shocked Carrie. \"Chris \". Warned John his daughter. \"Sorry Carrie\". Said Chris with slightly anger towards her father. John looked at his daughter. \"Henry can I after this talk to you about what you said earlier about my daughter\". Said John while looking at Henry and the other teachers. Henry and other teachers looked slightly shocked to hear that from him, but Henry nodded to him that they would do that. Chris felt her blood freeze. Her father couldnt know what she had done all these years! Sue stops with throwing things and looks sad and a bit sorry at Carrie. Carrie still begs and lies on the floor with her towel still on and is now crying. All the woman are crying now and some men looked like they wanted to do that to. The student body had become cold seeing this. They had saw the video of it on youtube, but this was so much different. Carrie was under the blood and crying, they had never saw her crying like that before. No matter how hard or cruel there tricks were. She looked so scared and human. Not like a weirdo or freak but a hurt and broken girl. When that realisation hit them like a wall made of stone, some of the girls threw up in the buckets next to there chair and started to cry to. Chris keeps filming. Ms Desjardin: Move! Come on move! Ladies what's going on ? The group started to cheer when they say Rita Desjardin stopping the other girls. Rita blushed and looked at Carrie who looked still shaked and pale, but gave Rita a smile. Ms Desjardin looks at Carrie in only a towel which is under the blood. Ms Desjardin: Oh my god. All right, oke honey. Stand up. Let's get you cleaned up. Rita turned to the girls with loathing. \"Do you have any idea how shocked I was. I thought that one of you had hurt her. The girls looked away and some started to cry. The other students, teachers and parents looked away. It was harsh, but they deserved it for what they had done. Carrie: Help me. Carrie graps ms Desjardins skirt with her bloody hand. Ms desjardin: Carrie move on. Honey stand up. Come on honey can you stand up? Sue looks at Carrie and ms Desjardin along with the ultra's and other girls. They dont laugh anymore. Carrie: It hurts., it hurts! Something is not right. \"You know Carrie is right\". Said Mrs Watson (mother of Norma Watson). Everybody looked at her. \"Some girls are later than others, but there could also be something wrong with her\". \"Did your mother took you to a doctor for this Carrie\" Said Miss Watson again while looking at the scared girl. When Carrie shook her head miss Watson only shook her head. \"After the movie is done I will do some tests to see if everythings alright, oke Carrie\" The other parents nodded there heads, while Carrie became pale. They couldnt do that. What if they found out what momma had and was doing to her!? Miss Desjardin noticed this and looked at Carrie, wondering why she reacted like this. Sue walks to them. Ms Desjardin: What are you talking about? Sue: Miss Desjardin I think she doesnt know what's a period. Carrie: Noooo! Miss desjardin: Suze, Suze get out of here. Miss desjardin pulls sue back. Carrie screams whole the time no and some pads and tampons that lay around her start to move away from her. People stared, how the hell was that happening! Ruth (classmate of Carrie) stared to. She hadnt noticed this earlier. The only one who didnt stared was Carrie. She had used her powers earlier without noticing. Now she looked back everything made so much sense. Then suddendly a piece of paper came out of the sky. \"All of this will be explained farther in the movie\". The people accepted it and started to watch the movie again. Carrie looked around her. What would the rest think of her when they figured out she had telekineses? Miss Desjardin must have noticed something, because she started to hugg Carrie even harder. Miss desjardin gets back to Carrie and when Carrie doesnt listen to her she slaps her in the face. \" Im so sorry honey\" Said Miss Desjardin with tears in her eyes. Carrie only looked at her with a faint smile. \"Its alright miss Desjardin you only tried to calm me down\". Said Carrie. Miss Desjardin looked doubtfull, but gave Carrie a kiss on her head. Carrie melted when miss Desjardin did that. She wasnt lying when she said that it didnt matter that Rita hit her, her mother did it whole the time. But Rita also showed her love and give her compliments. Something her mother never did. \" I wouldnt care if she did hit me like momma, as long as she still did give me love and compliments\". Were Carrie's thought before the movie continued. Carrie stops yelling. The girls all stare shocked. Miss dssjardin: Everyone get out. Now! Out! Miss desjardin: Oke, deep breath. Come here. Come on It's oke. You're oke sweetie. It's totally normal. Shhhh don't you know what it means. Oke. \"You handled it very good Rita\" Said Mr Rodney from Drama. The other teachers and parents nodded, while looking at Rita who was hugging Carrie. Many teachers thought that while thinking: If only we had handled it that good. The girls look back and while miss desjardin is comforting carrie a lamp breaks. \"Whole damn building is falling apart\". Said Henry softly. The girls, miss desjardin and Carrie look at it. The scene turns black. Hello everybody. Its been a while since I post a chapter. As you all know my friend died. Thanks to that I didnt write for a while, than the daily stuff happend (school, holidays, parties) and I completly forgot about this story. Two days ago I was cleaning my computer and found my fanfic account and story! I decided to post a chapter and see how it goes. I cant begging to tell you all how very sorry I am. To make it up a little I made this chapter pretty long. I hope you enjoyed and can forgive me for letting you all wait so long! From samlem15[Chapter 6] Chapter 5 The Talk. \"Alright Carrie come with me\". Said miss Desjardin when the screen turned black. Carrie nodded and went to follow miss Desjardin who was walking out of the room. Before they were gone, Rita turned to Henry. \"We will be back in a hour\". She said to him. Henry only nodded to her. When Carrie and Rita were gone everyone started to talk to each other. \"Quiet!. People were looking at there principal who was normally very silent and kind, but who now stared at his students with anger. \"When Carrie and Miss Desjardin are away we are going to have a conversation about bullying and what it can do to someone\". He said. \"Do we have to\". Said Tina Blake looking bored. \"Yes we are because it seems a lot of people dont understand the concept\". While Henry said that he stared at the students, but also the grown ups. Henry felt so ashamed. He thought that his school and students were great, something to be proud of. Of course he had knew that Carrie and other students were bullied, but not that it was this worse! He couldnt blame the students and teachers only, it was also his own fault for not being stricter and turning a blind eye. They hadnt saw a quater of the movie yet and he was already sick and disgusted with himself and everyone. He thought the wake up call was when Edwin tried to protect the students that bullied Carrie, like she was lesser than them! When this was done he had some important things to talk about with his staff. He felt a bit of his anger go away when he saw that a big part of the teachers, grown ups and teachers were looking ashamed and just as angry as him. Of course Chris Hargenson and her crowd were looking like they had done nothing. Ohh he would get them back for what they had done. Not only what he saw in the movie. He knew miss Desjardin wrote down what the students did to Carrie and she had tried to show him those notes, but he had not believed her saying she was seeing things. When this was done he had to apologies to Carrie and Rita. Henry snapped out of his thoughts when he saw people staring at him. \"Alright lets begin with the talk. Bullying...\". 1 hour later. \"And that is why bullying is so wrong and disgusting\" \"Remember all what I told you the next time you want to bully a girl of boy because he or she is different\". The crowd was silent after Henry was done talking. The words wouldnt leave there head or that video of some children who killed them self because they were so much bullied that they couldnt handle it anymore. Some of the children in that video were 10 years old! Sue Snell had tears falling down her cheeks. One of the girls in the video had reminded her of Carrie. A horrible thought enterd her mind. Had Carrie ever tried to kill herself? She saw the video again, but now Carrie was among them. Before she could throw up , she was picked up by the strong hands of her father. \"Sssss Susie\". Everyone was sitting still and looking at others or there hands (even Chris and her crowd who were also shocked by the video). 5 minutes later the door craked and Rita and a very red Carrie were coming inside again. When Carrie was walking to her seat she was looking to some of the boys, before she became even more red and looked away. At the moment that Carrie's but touched the chair , many students started running to her and hugged her. \"Were so, so sorry Carrie!\" \"We didnt knew what we were doing!\" \"I promise I will never bully you again!\" \"Please dont kill yourself!\" Carrie was looking at the students with disbelief, slightly anger and fear. Miss Desjardin noticed how uncomfortable Carrie was with so many people touching her and she pushed some students away from Carrie. \"Its all very nice that you apologies, but that doesnt makes everything alright!\" The students started shaking there head. Of course that wasnt enough. Were they really so stupid to belief Carrie would forgive them everything in a clock tick? \"Plus dont start hugging Carrie all at once! You scare the crap out of her!\". She said to the students. One of the students walked forward to miss Desjardin and Carrie. \"I know that sorry isnt enough Carrie, but I promise I will never hurt you again\" Said Jessica Upshaw (a ultra who has bullied Carrie). The students started walking back to there seats when Carrie didnt respond. \"Thank you\". It was almost a whisper and if there were people talking nobody would have heard Carrie saying these words. Jessica turned around and looked at Carrie who had tears in her eyes. She nodded to Carrie and took her seat. The black screen changed and the movie continued... Alright posted the next chapter. Is my grammer better this time or not? Please let me know! I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. The next months i have it very busy so I probably update once a month. I hope that I can update faster than that, but if that is not the cause, the maximum is once a month. Reviews and advice is always welcome![Chapter 7] Chapter 5 Remembering. Carrie, Miss desjardin and the principal walk into the office. Principal: Are you feeling better? Principal: Can I get you some asperine? The principal ticks Carrie on her back. Carrie jumps and looks scared. Principal: Some juice or something... The entire female population plus some men look at the principal. \"Juice?\" asks Melinda Blake (Tina's mother), shaking her head. Principel Henry blushes a bright red at the looks he is getting from the female population. Miss Desjardin: Juice? Really ,Henry? Principal: Maybe you just want us to leave you alone. Miss desjardin: Carrie, honey. I am so sorry that I slapped you. I should have handled it better. \"You handled it good, Rita\" says principal Henry. The adults shake their head and even some students look at her with respect. Carrie turns to Rita and smiles at her. Rita melts when she sees Carrie looking to her like that. She wants nothing more to rip of Carrie's kerchief, Let Carrie's beautiful, long, curly strawberry blond hair flowing thrue her fingers, while holding Carrie in her arms. And when Carrie was safe and well, kiss her on those plumpy, rosy lips... Stooopppppp! Rita would have slapped herself if she wasnt here with almost the whole of Chamberlain. She had to stop thinking about Carrie that way. Carrie trusted her! Carrie was her 15 Year Old Student! She's almost 16, said a voice in her head. Rita shook her head and turned her face to the ground. Many people thought she protected Carrie so much because she found her a nice girl. Of course that had been her reason at first, but when she got to know Carrie that changed. People saw Carrie as a ugly, shy, religious person who was horrible in sports. Of course they were for a part right. Carrie was shy and not good in sports, but she wasnt ugly and as religious as people thought. Carrie was sweet, quite smart, had respect for others, was good at making thing and had a good sence of humor. She had noticed she had feelings for Carrie 2 months ago. At first it had been possible to control them. That all changed the first time Carrie took off her kerchief. Rita had been speechless when she had saw Carrie without it. Carrie was beautiful, with those big brown eyes, long strawberry blond hair, beautiful face and cute noise. Rita had stared at Carrie for a few minutes, trying her best to not take Carrie against the wall. After that Rita's emotions had been out of control. If people, especially Carrie, knew about how she felt... No, they couldnt know. Carrie trusted her! She couldnt betray her trust by having improper dreams and feelings for her! There was still a change that Carrie was at least understanding. She was after all bisexual. It was Carrie's biggest secret. No one except her knew this. And Rita understood why. If Margareth White would ever find out about this... She had no doubts that Margareth would try to change Carrie or kick her out of the house. If that ever happend she would take Carrie in. Its totally normal for young girls to get their periods. It usually actually happens a little bit earlier. Is this your first time? Honey do you understand what is happening to your body? Do you know what it means? Carrie: What? I dont know. I felt something moving down there. While almost all the males felt sorry for Carrie, they felt no need to talk about menstruation. It was than no surprise that all the males were looking down or staring at there hands. Hoping that the scene was almost done. Miss Desjardin: Oh honey. Principal: Whoa! Maybe you could, uh, talk to a counselor about that \"A counselor?!\" Henry became red in the face again. While The entire female population was starting to think that the principal was clueless about females. And the men were embaressed or laughing at Henry. Ol' a nurse. Um, what i need to know is who started throwing...things. Miss Desjardin: It was Chris Hargenson and all her friends. \"Why do you look like that at each other?\" Asked Sarima Thibodeau (mother of the Thibodeau twins). Gwen Wilson started looking at Sarima and got suddendly a knowing look on her face. \"They're the Ultra's arent they?\" When Gwen spoke that name, the parents of pupil misfits threw a look of pure hatred to the girls in question. They had heard of the Ultra's from here children. Rich, populair and beautiful girls who bullied other students. There children had never said who those girls are. Saying that the ringleaders father made sure they werent punished (very hard). \"You let those girls bully other students!\" Was Mr Holt screaming at the principal. \"Now hold on, my daughters are no bullies\". Said Romy Wilson (mother of the Wilson twins). \"And if they did pull some harmless pranks on other students, they must have deserved it\". When Mrs Wilson was done with talking, she threw Carrie and other misfits nasty looks. \"You crazy********!\". Mrs Holt saw red in the face. \"They dont need to be bullied by youre manipulating, goth whores\"!. \"What did you cal my daughters!\". Screamed miss Wilson, getting purple flaws in her rage. Before the two woman could start a bitch fight, both were pushed back by there partners. Principal Henry was looking at the woman and decided it was time was taken action. \"When the video is over, we will niet all talk about this, alright\". \"But we have for now a movie to watch, so if everyone wants to take her or his seat, please\". The parents decided to listen and sat down. Principal: Cassie. Miss Desjardin: Carrie. Principal: Carrie did Chris Hargenson start this? Miss Desjardin: Honey, you dont have to protect them. What they did was unforgiveable. Principal: Okay, uh... It doesnt seem that Carrie is going to point the finger, so Miss Desjardin, I need you to get the bottom of this. Let the punishment fit th de crime. Miss Desjardin: Okay. Principal: Carrie your excused from P . E class for the rest of the week. Miss Desjardin: Just take study hall, okay? At the library. Principal: Yeah ,were going to call your mom, Carrie. Carrie: What. In the background bubbles start to rise. Principal: Were going to have to call your mother, Carrie. I know she's had problems with us in the past, ever since the state stopped her from homeschooling you anymore, but we've got to bring her into this, okay? Mmm-mmm. No. The pure look of terror on Carrie's face was enough to make every single person in the room starting to worry about Carrie. There was something wrong, but what? What could make Carrie having a reaction like that? Miss Desjardin: Sweetie, we have no choice. We have to tell your mother what happend. Carrie: No! The watermachine in the room breaks. Miss Desjardin: Carrie. Carrie sits on a bench. Two boys who sit next to her look at her. Boy 1 ( ) Hey. Hey you. Carrie looks at them and they make sexual gestures. \"Freddy Delois and Henry Tennant!\". \"Detention! Tommorow after school! Said the principal. When the two boys wanted to defend there case, Henry gave them a look. Both boys started muttering. Man, since this movie had begon the principal had grown balls and everybody felt sorry for Creepy Carrie. What the hell was happening next?! Carrie looks away in disgust and closses her eyes. When Carrie opens her eyes again Margareth stands in front of her. The adults that had known Ralph White felt a chill going down there backs. The look on Margareth's face was that of her late husband Ralph White! The scene changes and now showes Carrie and Margareth walking out of the school. Margareth drags Carrie to the car. Carrie turns around to the Ultra's and Chris boyfriend Billy Nolan who point and stare at her. Chris says something and shows Billy the video. \"Your sick Hargenson\". Says Lila Thibodeau. Chris snares at Lila. \"Like youre any better, you laughed to and threw tampons like the rest of us\". Lila got a color and looked away. Billy laughs at it and Carrie gets in the car. The scene changes again. Now you see Margareth and Carrie in the car. Carrie looks after a few seconds at her mother. Carrie: I'm sorry you had to come to school today, mom. \"You dont have to apologise for that Carrie\". \"It wasnt your fault\". Said Elton Mott (Margareth's boss). \"Really?\" Asked Carrie timidly. \"Yes, youre mother was already done with her work\". Added Elton. \"Carrie gave him a small smile and got hugged tighter by Rita. Elton was at the meantime looking at Carrie. She was very well manered. So different then her mother who would yell at his clients. He had never saw her before, but had heard she was like Margareth. Had she been judged too soon? Margareth doesnt look at Carrie, but takes her hand instead. Margareth parks the car for the house and stands still. Margareth: Let's go inside, little girl. You need to come inside with me. Carrie: Mama, why didnt you tell me? I was so scared, mama. I thought I was going to die. Mama they laughed at me and they threw things at me. Margareth steps out of the car and looks finally at Carrie. Margareth: We'll talk about this inside, Carrie. Carrie:No! Margareth turns around and gives Carrie a look full of disgust and loathing. Carrie shrinks down. Carrie: I want to talk about it right now. I dont want to get inside with you. The people of Chamberlain had never thought that the could feel more disgust to Margareth White. Guess what, they were wrong. Not was she only a crazy bitch, but a bad mother. Carrie was clearly in need of comfort, but the crazy bitch does nothing except trying to force Carrie in the house. The students were looking at Carrie with pity. Funny thing, if you had said to them that they would feel sorry for Carrie White, they had laughed them out in the face. But now seeing how Carrie was in need of comfort and that her own mother wouldnt even hold her... Shame and sorry was at the moment Carrie looks behind her and sees a boy on his bike. When the boy is away Carrie looks forward again. Carrie wants tonstep out of the car, but at her side is the boy on the bike. Boy: Crazy Carrie, Crazy Carrie! Tommy Erbert (the boy) pulls his face to the window and makes snorts. \"Im sorry Carrie\". Said Tommy Erbert. But Carrie didnt seen to hear him. She was with her thoughts somewhere else. Carrie jumps slighty and looks at the boy who is now behind her again. Tommy: Crazy Carrie, Crazy Carrie. Carrie looks angry at Tommy, suddendly Tommy falls with his bike. He gives Carrie a nasty look, before getting up and away from her. Carrie looks shocked and slightly scared about what happend. It seems she's muttering something. \"What's wrong Carrie?\" \"And why keeps everything falling around you\" Asked Christine Jones (a Senior). It was a fact that Carrie was a klutz. Everybody at school knew that, but this was ridiculous! Carrie again didnt seem to heard it and stared at the screen. Carrie looks above her to the sun and trees. They come closer and closer, till the screen turns black. Hello everybody, sorry that this chapter is a few days later than promised. I was on a fieldtrip to London and I thought I had posted it already. Wasnt, oeps. Again sorry. The good news is that I have already begun on the next chapter and where are getting closer to the revealing of Carrie's homelife. If anybody has reviews of tips for that let me know. Thanks from samlem15.[Chapter 8] Chapter 6 A shocking secret revealed. Carrie walks inside the house. The teenagers and adults look at the interieur of Carrie's house. It's full of figures, paintings or other stuff about Jesus. \"Holy shit\". \"Where is the Tv\". Asks Jessica Upshaw. Carrie looks at her with a shy smile. \"We dont have a Tv\". All the students look at Carrie with horror. \"Why not? Your not that poor! Are you?\". Carrie becomes so red that people see it, despite the fact she wears a kerchief. \"Mama says its from the Devil\". \" Youre mother doesnt allow any electronica in your house, Carrie?\". Asks Mrs Snell. Carrie shakes her head at the question, like she is emberessed to admit it. \"No wonder you spend so much time in the library...\" Think many of the students while the movie continues. A sound is coming from upstairs and Carrie walks to the stairs. When Carrie is upstairs she walks to a room. In the room is Margareth White bumping her head against the wall. \"Is she hurting herself because Carrie got her first period\". Whispers Mr Frogg to Miss Martina (Spanish teacher). \"I think so\". Answers she back. Disgusted with the womans behavior. Margareth: Oh God, help my child, she is lost. \"She is lost!?\". Screams the female population. Carrie: Mama, stop it. Mama! Margareth stops bumping her head against the wall and looks at Carrie I dont want to upset you. \"Carrie, stop apologising\". \"It's not your fault that you got youre first period and that Margareth is overreacting\". The girl in question looks a bit better, but stil incredible scared. Everyone was looking like they wanted to attack Mama and they hadnt saw everything yet. Margareth: So, you're a woman now. Margareth: And god made Eve from the rib of Adam. -And what ,Carrie? Say it. Carrie: No , Mama. Margareth: Say it. Carrie: Talk to me. Please just talk to me. People were starting to dull there nails in there chairs. Carrie was in clear need of comfort and Margareth was forcing her daughter to say things out of the Bible. There hate for Margareth was heading to a high point. And Eve was weak. I just want you to talk to me. Margareth: And the first sin was the sin of intercourse. Carrie: And the first sin was the sin of intercourse. Carrie: Why didnt you tell me, Mama? Margareth: And god visited Eve with a curse. And the curse was a curse of blood. Carrie: I'm not going to say that. That's not even in the Bible. \"Yeh, alrigh Carrie! Tell it her!\". Were people screaming. It doesn't say that anywhere. Margareth: Oh Lord. Help this little girl see the sin of her days and ways. Show her that if she had remained innocent, the curse of blood would not have come upon her as it did on Eve. Carrie: I'm not Eve, Mama. I didnt sin. Margareth: You showered with those other girls. You had lust-filled thoughts. While people started mummering about what Margareth was now saying, Carrie was looking like a child who had done something bad. She looked up at Ms Desjardin. Like a mantra she heard her mother's voice saying those words again. You had lust-filled thoughts. Carrie: Everyone has to shower, Mama. Everyone. That 's just the rules. Margareth: You must be different, because He can see you. Carrie: I don't want to be different, Mama. I want to be like them. The teenagers and adults were looking with surprise at Carrie. Why would she dress like that if she wanted to be like the rest? Suddendly, a idea went off in their heads. \"Carrie, has Margareth been forcing you to do things you dont want to do?\" Asked Mr Holt. The silence that followed answered the question. The crowd was to shocked to say or do anything for a few minutes. Suddendly Mr Hargenson jumped from his chair. \"Thats it! Im calling Social Services!\". Before John could do it, a piece of paper fell from the sky. Dear John, The scene is not done, but you can call Social Services when the movie is over. The crowd didnt look happy, but accepted it and continued watching the movie, Margareth: He can smell the sin on you. And he will punish you. Margareth takes her Bible and slaps Carrie with it in the face. Hard. There was completly silence in the room. Girls and woman had tears in their eyes and the men hold them. Their eyes turned to Carrie, who Rita was holding extra hard. Rita pulls a the sleeve of Carrie's dress. The crowd holds a deep breath when they see the bruses on her wrist. \"Carrie...\" Before anyone could say or do something Carrie escaped from Rita and was running to the door. But before she was there, she was stopped by some parents and teachers. Carrie started screaming and moving, but the adults hold her tight. After a few seconds Carrie didnt try to escape and became quite. Henry and Rita were walking to Carrie with some adults and teachers behind them. The moment Carrie noticed Ms Desjardin, she looked to the ground \"Carrie, please look at me\". Carrie did like she hadnt heard Rita and continued looking at the floor. Rita couldnt stand that and gave Carrie a hug. Carrie became stiff, but relaxed after a few moments. Everyone was looking at her with expressions of deep sorrow and hatred (towards Margareth). \"Ms White, when this scene is done we are going to the office and talk about this\". Said Principal Henry. When he tried to comfort her, she pulled closer to Rita. Rita gave Henry a shake with her head and moved with Carrie back into their seats. She pulled Carrie again in a hug and tried her best to not go after Margareth or cry. She had to be strong now, for Carrie. I will not let that come down upon you. I will not. Lord have mercy. Carrie: No, the Lord is good. His unfailling love endures forever, and his faithfulness continues through all generations. Psalms 100, verse 5. Margareth: I'm going to keep you away from that school. \"She cant do that\". Said Mr Frogg. Carrie: You can't. Carrie panicks and walks away, downstairs. Margareth follows her down the stairs. Margareth: We'll pray. We'll pray together. To save our women-weak, wicked, sinning souls. Carrie: You didn't tell me and they laughed. I didn't sin, you sinned. Margareth gets a stoick look on her face while looking at Carrie. Carrie starts looking at her mother with fear and gulps. Margareth: I did not. I did not sin. Go to your closet. People look confused about what Margareth say, but Rita turns slightly green. She remembers the terrified look Carrie had in the first scene of this movie. Carrie: No, Mama. Margareth opens the door next to her. Margareth: Go to your closet and pray. Margareth graps Carrie and drags her to the closet. Carrie: No. No! No! Get off me ! Mama ! Stop it ! People in the crowd are starting to cry. It hurt so much to see Margareth hurting her daughter, who faught tooth and nail to escape from her mothers grip. Margareth: Go to your closet and pray for forgiveness. Carrie: No! Margareth: You pray. Carrie: Mama! Help! No, Mommy! The tears and shouts become worse. They know Carrie isnt going to win this and they have to listen to her pleas to Margareth to let her go. Margareth: Come on. Carrie: Please! Help! Margareth throws Carrie in the closet and closes it. Carrie becomes stiff and Rita hugs her tighter. When this movie is done she is going to kill Margareth. How does that woman dare to hurt her Carrie!? Margareth: You pray, little girl. Pray for forgiveness. Carrie: Mommy, let me go! Let me out! Mom! Margareth starts hurting herself while keeping the closet shut. The adults notice the scars on Margareth's upperarm. With a sick feeling they understood that Margareth had done that before. God, you son of a...! A thin line appairs in the door of the closet. Everyone sees this, but is still too shocked to react on it. Margareth looks above her and starts praying. The screen moves to Carrie who is locked in the closet. Carrie looks around her and her eyes land on a Jesus figure. When the students and adults see this, they cant keep it down anymore. Several people throw up and cry and scream harder then before. How could Margareth do something so inhumane, against her own daughter!? Locked in a closet, like she was a animal. Carrie starts to pray, but suddenly the Jesus figure starts to bleed. Carrie tries again to pray, but she stops with it and starts crying. Help me. Help me. When the screen turned black Principal Henry walks to Carrie with the school Nurse, Ms Drew, Mr Frogg, Mrs Martina, Mr Snell, Mrs Watson and Mrs Holt and gives Carrie a sighn to follow them. Rita pulls Carrie gently of her legs and then stands up herself. She takes Carrie's hand and walks with Carrie to the adults. They gave Carrie a warm smile, in the hope she will calm down a bit. Carrie and Rita walk with the rest of the group to the hall of the school. When no one can see the group anymore, all Hell breaks down. Hello dear readers, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. So, now the secret is out. In the next chapter youre going to read the reactions of diffrent persons (Chris, Sue, Rita, etc). I think to add a scene between Rita and Carrie in which they admit they like each other? Should it be normal or large? If any of you have tips or things you would like to see in this fanfic let me know.[Chapter 9] Chapter 7 Painful truths. Carrie POV. Carrie was playing with her skirt, avoiding looking at the adults around her. The adults in the room were talking to each other. They were very pale and had expressions of anger and sorrow on their faces. They were at the moment sitting in the office of the principal. They had been her now for several minutes. The principal was sitting behind his office. At the right and left of him were Ms Drew, Mr Frogg and Mrs Martina. Right behind Carrie was Mr Snell, Mrs Holt and Mrs Watson. The school Nurse was in her office, waiting for Carrie. And Rita was of course next to Carrie. \"Carrie, please talk to us\". Carrie felt Rita holding her hand. She knew they wanted to talk to her about what her mother had done to her. She couldn't. They would fell disgusted with her if she told them everything that had happend in her house. How she had let her mother abuse, control and manipulate her. Rita would hate her too. She was a ugly, hopeless, weak person and she never understood why Rita payed her attention. Now Rita was at the point of finding out everything she had tried to keep hidden. Rita POV. Rita was shaking with rage. That old, crazy harlot of a mother was abusing her Carrie! Sweet, beautiful and shy Carrie. It wasn't only Margareth at who she was angry though. She blamed herself for not seeing it. How many times had she saw Carrie with a bruise of something like that? And everytime she had believed Carrie when she told her how she had got that bruise thanks to her own clumsiness. She thought back to the things she had seen. She would get Margareth for all the things she had done to her daughter. Maybe Carrie could come and live with her. She would treat her like the treasure she is. She looked at her left to Carrie. Since they came in the office fifteen minutes ago, she hadn't said one word. Rita took Carrie's hand and gived a slight push. Making clear that she was there for her. Sue POV. Sue Snell was a girl who got it all. Great friends, great looks, an amazing boyfriend and loving parents. It was thanks to that hard to think that Carrie had grown up without those things. She looked up at the screem, Carrie was crying and bleeding. She heard the screams, the whispers and tears from her peers and those families. It was funny to think that not an hour ago Carrie was the most hated (with her mother) person in Chamberlain and that now everyone was feeling sorry for her. Not in a 100 years she had thought that Margareth White could hurt her daughter. She was crazy, but no one had thought she was violent. How much had Carrie sufferd? What had that woman done to her? That were questions she had no right on asking. They all felt sorry now, but how many times had they hurt Carrie? No one had beat her up or something like that, but they had bullied her for years. The name calling, cruel jokes and so much more. Carrie would never forgive them. Chris POV. Chris felt like she was kicked in the stomach. Whole her life she has know that her looks and wealth got her everywhere. That it was better to screw, than get screwed. She had bullied Carrie because of her mother, shyness and behavior. But that was not Carrie's fault. For the first time pieces started to fall in place. Her behavior and of course Margareth's behavior. Margareth wasn't a loving mother, but a manipulating bitch. Driving Carrie every day to school for her own good. Pfffffffffffff! How many times was Carrie abused by that moron? Her mother Cecilia had told her many times not to bully other childeren, that she didn't know what she was doing to those kids. That had been the reason that her parents had divorced. Her father never saw how Chris really was. Ohhhhh! If she had listened to her mother! For the first time in her life, Chris Hargenson felt sorry. Billy POV. Billy felt sick. Everyone thought he was a hopeless case and a criminal. Alright, maybe the people were not wrong about that. But he had one big secret. His father, before he left him and his mother, was alcoholic who slapped him and his mother. No one knew this, but his friends knew that he couldn't stand parents who hurt their children or people who hurt children. A old friend of his father had tried once to rape a little girl. Billy had, when he heard that, beat the guy up with his friends. That man had lied and told everyone that Billy had robbed him. Of course he never got to the police for this. Asshole. Billy smirked. When this video was done he and his friends would bring Margareth White a visit. Freddy Holt POV. Freddy Holt was a very smart guy. He got A's very easy and had known Carrie since second grade. Then how hadn't he noticed something? Maybe it was because he had been blinded like the rest. Carrie wasn't mean or ugly (not that you could tel that with her kerchief), but she was different. She has always been quite, naief and dressed weird. None of that is her fault. Freddy had the sinking feeling that Margareth had abused Carrie her whole life. And of course she hadn't told that to anyone. The teachers ignored her and her peers bullied her. The only person in the school was their new gym teacher Miss Desjardin. From Miss Desjardins reaction he could tell that Carrie hadn't told it to her. He didn't know everything what his (more populair) peers had done to Carrie, but he had heard all the rumors. And while he had never bullied her, he hadnt helped or befriend her either. No one had ever done that. Even the biggest nerds and losers. Most of them had exactly bullied Carrie too, in the hope to gain some popularity. Freddy started looking at the door. He wonderd when his mother would return. He was in the need of a hug of his mother. So this are some reactions of the characters. In the next chapter Carrie admits everything and you read what happends after that. The Rita/Carrie scene is also in the next chapter. I hope you enjoy this and please leave reviews. Btw thanks for all the nice reviews. I still cant believe so many people are interested in this story. Till next time![Chapter 10] Chapter 8 A stolen childhood. In the principals office. \"Carrie, we need to know what your Mother did to you\". Said Principal Henry. When Carrie said nothing, he took his face in his hands. He didn't know why he even tried. Carrie wasn't going to say anything. \"Why?\" All the adults in the room stirred up. It was the first thing Carrie had said in 15 minutes. \"What do you mean, sweetheart?\" Answered Mrs Watson utterly confused. \"Why do you all want to know that?\" Whispered Carrie. \"Carrie, from what we have seen your mother isn't treating you right\". Answered Mrs Holt, worry in her eyes for the young girl. \"She loves me\" Said Carrie, but you could hear the doubt in her voice. \"Sometimes she gets mad, but she only wants the best for me\". \"No she doesn't! If she loves you she wouldn't hit you and lock you in a f***ing closet!\". Screamed Mr Frogg. Carrie's eyes were shining with tears from the words of Mr Frogg. She knew he was right, but she was so scared of what Momma would do. \"Carrie, please we only want to help you, but for that we need to know what Margareth has done to you\". Pleaded Mrs Martina. On Mrs Martina's words Carrie exploded. \"Why do you all suddendly care?!\" The adults took a step back from Carrie, who was looking at them with a murderess expression. \"For the last 15 years you all ignored me or treated me like crap! You never gave me a chance! You all asumed I am like my mother!\" \"You allowed my fellow students to bully me! You never came to me to see if I was alright! You... You...! Carrie broke down in front of the adults. All the anger, sadness, fear and so much more she had from 15 years of abuse, bullying and suppression came out. Carrie was crying on the floor, her body pressed together. It felt so good to finally let all the emotions she had free for everybody to see. She was surprised when she suddendly felt strong arms around her. She dared to look up and saw the teachers, the principal and Mrs Watson, Mrs Holt and Mr Snell looking at her with sorrow and pity. Rita. She was in Rita's arms. Rita... Did Rita still love and care about her? Love... Love was such a new and confusing something for Carrie. Being loved by someone for who you are. Who gave you compliments, didn't hit you and made you feel good (about yourself). \"Carrie?\" At the sound of Rita's voice she snugged Rita harder, refusing to look at her. \"Carrie, look at me\". \"Carrie\". Rita took Carrie's face in her hand, forcing Carrie to look at her. Carrie had expected many different looks of hate or disgust, but was met with eyes who were full of worry. \"Carrie, whatever has happend isn't your fault\". \"Your mother shouldn't have treated you the way she has and is still doing\". \"We want to help, all of us\". The other adults nodded their heads. \"We can take you away\". \"Make sure she will never hurt you again\". Carrie didn't answer. Rita stroke her hair. It was time for her final card. \"You could live with me, if you want\". Carrie made her decision with those last words from Rita. Go and live with Rita was like a dream for Carrie. She had been to Rita's house before. She had even spent some nights there (her mother thought she was helping in a church). Rita didn't force her to cook and clean while she read The Bible. By Rita she could always be herself. Rita would treat her good and maybe she could be herself for the first time in her entire life. Carrie sat down at the chair before Principal Morton and started to tell about her mother and what she had done to her. In the cafeteria. The students, teachers and adults were waiting for Carrie and the other adults to come back. They didn't scream and talk anymore about what they had seen. No, there was completely silence now. Suddendly came true the doors Mrs Martina, Mr Frogg, Mrs Holt, Mr Snell, Mrs Watson and Mrs Drew. The first thing that everyone noticed was that Carrie, the Nurse, the Principal and Mrs Desjardin weren't with them. The second thing was that all of them were very pale. They walked to their chairs and sat down in them. \"Hey Beth, could you please give me a glass of water?\" Asked Mr Snell to the lunchlady. Beth started walking to get a glass of water, but was interrupted by Mrs Drew. \"Screw it, I need whiskey\". The students became even more worried. What was so terrible that Mrs Drew of all people would drink Whiskey? 5 minutes later Beth came back with 6 glasses and a bottle Whiskey. \"How bad is it\" Asked Norma Watson. The six people looked at each other. After 1 minute Mr Frogg took the word. \"Terrible, what that woman had done to Carrie is inhuman\". \"Margareth has abused Carrie emotionel, physical and verbally as long as Carrie can remember\". Everyone that didn't know that gasped. Of course they had there suspices when they had seen that scene, but to heard it been said aloud was different. \"Everytime that Carrie doesn't listen to Margareth or does something she considerds a sin, she will beat Carrie up, starve her and call her names\". \"Jezubel Slut, The Devils Whore, worthless, pervert and many others\". People were staring, how could you do that to your own daughter? Knowing Margareth's version of \"sin\" they had no doubts that Carrie hadn't done anything wrong to begin with! \"If the thing that Carrie does is so terrible in her eyes, Margareth has special punishments\". \"What for special punishments?\" Asked Sue Snell with tears in her eyes. \"Locking her in a closet for hours sometimes days, whipping her with a belt, kicking her out of the house so she has to sleep outside, burn her... Mr Frogg couldn't handle it anymore and started crying. Mrs Holt decided to tell farther. \"And that was only the physical abuse\". Students were looking at each other. It was getting even worse!? \"She has been forcing Carrie to wear those clothes and kerchief and act like she wants Carrie to act\". \"It doesn't matter to her what Carrie wants\". \"Carrie isn't allowed outside, the only place Margareth allows her to go is school\". \"But I saw Carrie yesterday outside by Kelly's!\". Said Tina Blake. People were confused. They had seen Carrie also outside school. \"Margareth works from 10.00 am till 17.00 sometimes 18.00 am, doesn't she?\" Asked Chris Hargenson. \"Yes, indeed Mrs Hargenson\" Said Elton Mott. He was furious with Margareth. He couldn't believe he hadn't noticed how sick she really was. \"Well, then is it very simple\". \"When Margareth isn't home Carrie goes out\". \"If that is true that girl has balls\". Said Billy DeLois with respect in his voice. On this Mrs Martina smiled. \"She is a very strong girl\". \"Most people would have killed themselfes or be in much worse shape with everything that she has experienced\". The students felt terrible. Carrie had suffered so much not only because of Margareth, but from them too. They had bullied her for something she wasn't to blame. If they hadn't be so stupid they could bave figured this out years ago and put a stop to it. \"Well most of the time\". Said Mrs Watson sadly. \"What do you mean, Nellie?\" Asked Mrs Upshaw. Mrs Watson took a deep breath and continued. \"When Carrie was 10 almost 11 she tried to kill herself\". The reaction was huge. Some started crying and others threw up. Realising how close they had been to losing Carrie. \"Why?\" Asked Romy Wilson. \"Carrie started puberty early\". People cringed, wondering what Margareths reaction was on THAT. \"At first she could hide it from Margareth, but somehow she discovered it\". \"Margareth was behind anger\". \"I don't know what Margareth had done to Carrie, she wasn't ready to tell that\". \"But it was so terrible that Carrie tried to hang herself\". \"Thanks Goodness it failed\". Said Sarima Thibodeau. During all this Vicky Hanscome had been quite. She remembered something, but didn't dare asking about it. \"Has Carrie ever hurt herself?\" She wondered. She didn't realise she had said that loud enough for everybody to hear. The crowd started to mutter again. \"Please, can everybody be quite!\" Screamed Mrs Drew. She then turned to Vicky. \"What do you mean Miss Hanscome\". Vicky felt a bit uncomfortable with everyones gaze upon her, but was determined to say what she wanted. \"I saw Carrie 2 years back with scratches on her arms\". \"At that moment I didn't thought much about it, but it looked a bit like the scratches on Mrs White arms\". Mrs Drew took her glass of Whiskey. \"Carrie cut herself for almost a year\". \"She stopped with that the moment Rita came to this school and started to care and protect her\". \"Did Mrs Desjardin knew about it?\"Asked Mr Hargenson. He had seen how close Carrie and Mrs Desjardin were and wondered if she had know about Carrie being abused. \"Rita didn't know that Margareth abused Carrie till a hour ago\". Answered Mrs Drew. \"When Carrie was done telling, Rita looked ready to kill Margareth herself\". \"The only reason she hasn't done that yet it because Carrie needs her now\". The student who know how protective Rita is of Carrie couldn't help but smile. There were no doubts that Margareth was in serious trouble. \"Were are they anyway?\" Asked Billy Nolan to Mrs Drew. \"Carrie, Rita and Principal Henry are at the moment with the School Nurse in her office\". Answered Mrs Drew. \"She is healing some of Carrie's wounds and checking her\". \"Principal Henry is there because he has to be there as the Principal and Rita because she is refusing to leave Carrie\". \"They should be back here any minute\". In the nurses office. Carrie was with the nurse, the principal and Rita in the nurses office. She was lying on a bed while the nurse was nursing some of her wounds on her arms. She was so happy, but also terrified. After she had told the grown ups everything, they were crying and hugging her. They had told her it wasn't her fault and that they would take care of Margareth. She didn't need to see Margareth again, they would handle everything. It was so unreal. Just this morning she had no one except Rita, but now she felt that things were going to change. For the better. Almost everyone was so sweet to her since the movie. Her fellow students had even promised to stop bullying her. Would they be her friend? It was such a crazy thought. But with everything that was happening today , everything seemed to d be possible. It would be so nice to have friends! Not that Rita wasn't a friend. Rita was the most important person in her life! And now she was going to live with her. Rita had said they would decorate a room for her, buy nice clothes and stuff for her and so much more. Her feelings for Rita had become stronger after all this. Carrie's thinking was disrupted by the voice of the nurse. \"What?\" Stutters Carrie. \"I said that I and the principal will talk in my office\" Said the nurse. \"We will be back in 15 minutes\". The moment the principal and nurse were gone, Rita picked up Carrie from the bed. Rita was red in the face. A sign she was angry. \"Everything is going to be alright now Carrie\". Said Rita. \"Are you really not angry at me?\". Asked Carrie timid. \"Of course not Carrie\". Answered Rita. She gave Carrie a little perk on her check. She was telling the truth. She wasn't angry at Carrie, but at Margareth. The only thing that was holding her down from killing her was Carrie. What that woman had done to her Carrie... But now that was going to change. Margareth would be arrested and Carrie was going to live with her. She would treat Carrie as a little princess. \"Imagine Carrie\". Said Rita. \"Nice clothes and stuff, staying up late, eating delicius things, watching tv on tge couch. \"Can I have a pillow?\" Asked Carrie. Rita cursed Margareth in silence. \"Yes you can have a pillow honey\". Answered Rita. Suddendly Rita got a great idea. \"You could also have a stuffed animal to sleep with\". \"Or you can sleep with me if you're scared\". On the last words of Ms Desjardin Carrie became as red as a cherry. Carrie felt her heart beating faster and faster. Rita was so sweet to her. Without thinking Carrie placed her lips on those of Rita. Rita was thinking about Carrie living with her, when she was interrupted by a pair of rosy lips. It took her a few seconds to understand that Carrie was kissing her. Did Carrie like her?! When she was behind the shock, she started to kiss back. The kiss was amazing. It was sweet and pure. She felt bolts of electricity going throw her. Carrie tried to deep the kiss, but she couldn't. Rita suppressed a chuckle. Carrie was so innocent. The kiss continued for a few seconds. Suddendly Carrie stopped. \"I'm sorry\". Carrie stared to the ground. What had she been thinking?! \"Why are you sorry Carrie?\" Asked Rita. \"That I kissed you\". Stutterd Carrie. \"Why? I enjoyed it\". Said Rita with a smile. \"Really?\" Asked a shocked Carrie. Rita bow herself forward to Carrie and whispered in her ear: \"I enjoy kissing the girl I love\". Carrie felt herself smiling. Rita loved her? \"I love you to Rita\". Said a blushing Carrie. Rita stepped forward with the intention of kissing Carrie again, but was stopped by the entrance of Henry Morton. From the look on his face she could tell that he had heard everything. He stared at them with a smile on his face. \"You and Carrie can stay here for a while and talk if you like\". Asked Henry. Rita nodded her her while Henry walked away to the cafetaria. But not before he winked to her. She knew that she would have to discus the situation between her and Carrie with Henry. But for now she was happy to hold Carrie and kiss her pain away. In the cafetaria. The people in the cafetaria were waiting for Carrie, Rita and the principal to come back. The school nurse was already in the cafetaria. She was pale and refusing to talk to anybody. The doors of the cafetaria opened and principal Morton came in the cafetaria. He was looking sick and angry. Despite that they could swear that they saw a flash of happiness in his eyes. \"You all don't have to worry. Carrie and Rita will come in a few minutes time\". Said principal Morton. \"We will continue to watch the movie after they are back\". \"You can ask Carrie question or talk with her during the next break\". The students and adults nodded. He didn't want that people would look for the two of them. If they did, they would probably get a nasty shock. He really was clueless about females. How he hadn't noticed that his gymteacher had feelings for a student? He would have a conversation with Rita about this, no doubt about that. But he saw the love between the two f them and wouldn't seperate them. He also got the feeling that even if he would forbid it, Rita would just quite her job and leave with Carrie. Also, Carrie deserved to find love and happiness after everything that happend. When the nurse was busy nursing Carrie he had saw some pretty huge brushes on her arms and legs. On that moment he had wanted to kill Margareth White. Despite his anger he had noticed that Carrie had some really nice legs. Rita had a good taste in woman. 10 minutes later Carrie and Rita walked threw the doors of the cafetaria. Henry noticed that Rita's lips were slightly swollen. He also noticed the looks of guilt in his students eyes when they were looking at Carrie. Maybe he should make a list who when was allowed to talk to Carrie. He thought that it else would become a mess. Carrie and Rita walked to there place and sat down. The screen started to play again. Hello everybody! Sorry that the last part of this chapter took so much time. I had it very busy the last weeks with projects and tests. I also didnt know how to end this chapter. This is version 2 of chapter 10. Many people don't like version 1. I think thst they are right. I don't like it either. It's just that I got the idea from someone and I didn't know what else to write. If anyone has good ideas let me know. I hope you all like this better. Thanks for the reviews and till next time. Oh yeah! About my grammer... I have found a person who would like to help me with it. I also have found a site that improves grammer mistakes. I want to use one or both for my chapters. I probably will update all my chapters again, but now with better grammer. And of course the future chapter. Bye![Chapter 11] Chapter 9 The screen shows a black jeep that moves up and down. Sue and Tommy look first at the screen, than too each other and than back to the screen. Both feel their cheeks go a vibrant red. The other people in the room stare also at the screen. In the dark it is difficult to see who's car it is. Although most seniors could swear they had seen that car before... Inside the car are Sue and Tommy having sex. The people in the room stare at the screen, than at Tommy and Sue and than back to the screen. It takes everybody a few seconds to understand what they are watching. The parents of young teens and Rita put their hands about their children/girlfriend eyes. \"Nice going Sue\". Says Tina with a wink. Sue dares too look up and sees her (male) classmates stare with lust and desire to the screen. Just when she thinks it can't be worse, her father starts to whisper something about Tommy, a truck and dynamite. Thanks goodness her mother notices and takes her fathers hand. Tommy leans forward to kiss Sue, but she turns away. Ohhhhhh Tommy! I think you're doing something wrong!. Screams Billy Delois. Some friends and classmates of him laugh about the dirty joke. Before anyone can say or do something, a piece of paper falls right in front of Principal Morton. Everybody is in a seconde quite. \"What does the note say\". Asks Mr Wilson. Will you please shut up and watch the rest! You're going to see a lot more of things. Billy Delois and his friends became quite, while the rest wonders what they are all gonna see. Tommy: \"What?\" Sue: \"Sorry.\" Tommy: \"What.\" The next scene shows us Tommy and Sue with their clothes on outside the jeep. A lot of people feel a bit more comfortable now that the two teens are wearing clothes again. Tommy: \"Hey, what's wrong?\" Sue: \"I really messed up today, Tommy.\" Tommy: \"What, that thing with Carrie?\" \"We all messed things up Sue\". Whispers Heather to no one. Sue: \"You know about that?\" Tommy: \"Yeah, everyone knows about it, but you're not responsible for what Chris does.\" \"It wasn't only me loverboy\". Says Chris. Tommy turns around to tell Chris to shut up, but sees to his surprise not a smug look on her face. The look on Chris face expresses smugness, but also sorrow. Could it be that Chris felt the slightest bit of sorrow for what she had done to Carrie? Sue: \"Yeah, but it was me, too.\" Tommy: \"You threw tampons at Carrie White?\" The surprise in Tommy's voice makes Sue and other girls who threw tampons cringe. Tommy: \"I kicked a kid in the ribs once.\" \"Yeah, while he was knocked out.\" A lot of people look surprised. Tommy Ross was against violence. They couldn't remember a time he had hit or said an unkind word to someone. \"Danny Patrick\". Said George Dawson with half a smile. \"Because this kid, he used to beat the living shit out of me every day in sixth grade.\" \"Why would he do that?\" Whispers Carrie to Rita. But in front of Carrie sits Tommy who hears her. Tommy turns around and gives her a small smile. Rita pulls Carrie closer to her. Tommy notices that Carrie looks very peachfull and calm. Having Rita as her personal bodyguard must help. Rita on the other hand looks angry at him. It takes him a few seconds to understand that she isn't angry at him, but that she is worried about Carrie. After what he had seen the last few hours, he couldn't disagree with her. \"I don't know why either Carrie\". He says to the shy girl. The girl stares in his eyes. He notices that she has really beautiful eyes. \"Those people are the real losers\". He says. Miss Desjardin gives him a gratefull smile, while Carrie blushes. \"Danny Patrick.\" \"Do you mean Danny D Patrick?\" Asks Geraldine Jones. \"What do you know, aunt Geraldine?\" Asks Billy Delois. His aunt stares at him for a few seconds. He stares back at her. He and his aunt don't get along that well. \"In Prison\". \"Did you apologize to Carrie.\" Sue: \"Did you apologize to Danny Patrick?\" Tommy: \"No, but we're not in sixth grade anymore.\" Tommy tills Sue up and kisses her. Sue: \" Don't.\" Tommy: \"He was a dick to me.\" \"What did Carrie White ever do to you.\" A red car drives in a street and parks before a big house. Chris and Tina: \"Whooooo!\" Chris: \"And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why he lost his license.\" \"Ohh really Mr Nolan!\" Says officier Geraldine. Billy Nolan curses under his breath. \"Than why are you still driving?\". Billy has no answer on that question. At the same time Tina and Chris get looks from there parents. Yet another thing they would have to talk about with them later. Tina: \"Then why are you still driving?\" Billy: \"I don't need a license if they can't catch me.\" \"But we have you now, don't we Mr Nolan?\" Says policeman Zack Rigger. \"Look, I'm sorry! I promise it won't happen again\". The police was expecting Billy to deny everything or be angry. Not to promise he wouldn't do it again. Maybe, just maybe, there was hope for him. \"Alright Mr Nolan, but only this time\". Answered policewoman Maggie McGreger. Billy Nolan looks surprised for a moment, before he gives her a wink. Maggie can't help, but laugh a bit. Maybe some things would never change. The screen shows a big and modern bedroom. The (unpopular) students who had never seen Chris room look at the screen with wonder. The doors opens and the teenagers get inside. Chris and Tina jump on the bed. Chris gets to her laptop. Chris: \"Jackie's email, Jackie's email!\" Tina: \"Chris, no. No!\" Billy: \"Wow. Why don't you two kiss or something while you're at it?\" \"Yesss, do it!\" Scream many male students and some female students. Most of the adults decide to ignore this and continue watching, while the others try to shut up the students. Chris smiles at the crowd and gives them a wink. Before anyone can progress what's happening, she jumps on Tina and starts to kiss her. The students yell and stare with shock. The kiss continues for a while, before the two seperate. Carrie stares at the two girls kissing and feels suddendly uncomfortable. Rita who senses her change in behavior, hugs her tighter. The other students don't have anything against relationships between the same sex. Chamberlain, Maine is actually a very sociale and accepting place. It's one of the reasons her mother is so hated for her weird and backward ideas. Despite that, would people accept that she was in a relationship with a woman who is actually a bit too old for her? Billy: \"Oh baby.\" Chris: \"Don't be stupid.\" Chris runs to Billy and starts kissing him. Tina: \"Wait.\" \"Do you think we're going to get detention because of that?\" \"Yes\". Answers Tina with a grimm expression on her face. \"Because that would suck.\" Chris: \"No.\" \"They should be thanking us for helping her through her first period.\" \"Thank you Miss Hargenson\". Says Mr Rodney with a sneer. Chris tries to ignore it, but feels her checks go pink. \"I got her a tampon. So what?\" Tina: \"You were only trying to help her, right?\" \"Right\". Whispers Eleanor Snell. She could only shake her head at the what her daughters friends were saying and doing. She knew that they weren't the best people, but she had thought more of them than this. Chris: \"We should post it.\" \"I will delete it after the movie\". Says Chris to the people who look at her. Despite this, people still look at her. She doesn't notice because her attention is fixed on 2 people in peticulair. While Carrie still doesn't look at her and Mrs Desjardin still looks ready to punch her, she feels better about herself. Tina: \"No, i'm in it.\" Chris: \"No one's going to see you, Teenie.\" \"Billy: What? What are you doing?\" Chris: \"Carrie White.\" Tina: \"Favorite movie?\" Chris: \"Bloodsport.\" Billy: \"Favorite drink?\" Chris: \"Bloody Marie.\" The scene changes again to the living room of Carrie's house. Inside is Margareth, who sews and sings a song from the radio. The crowd watches with disgust how Margareth enjoys her evening after abusing her daughter. Where was Carrie anyway? Margareth: \"Brightly beams Our Father's mercy.\" \"From his Lighthouse evermore.\" \"But to us he gives the keeping of the lights along the shore.\" \"Let the lower lights be burning.\" Margareth stops sewing and turns of the radio. She walks to the prayer closet and opens it. Inside is Carrie, who is sleeping. \"You were at that time still in that torture room\". Screams Principal Henry with rage. The other people in the room seem to have the same amount of rage as him. Some of the students and adults look ready to go and beat Margareth up. Unfortortuntly, the cops keep an eye on them. Rita stares at the little beauty in her arms. The cops would without doubt arrest Margareth after this. Images of a little Carrie stuck in that room for hours, even days enters her mind. She shakes her head. That were thoughts for later. Margareth shakes Carrie who wakes up. Margareth: \"Did you finish youre prayers, little girl?\" Carrie: \"Yes, Momma.\" Margareth kisses Carrie's check. Margareth: \"That's my good girl.\" Carrie watches the scene unfold and bursts out in tears. The other people in the room look from the screen to the crying girl. Rita picks her up and pulls her in a hug. \"Ssshhhhh\". She whispers gently. \"I love you.\" The Wilson twins look at the screen. The scene would have been sweet if Margareth meant what she said. The twins knew a lot about manipulation and what Margareth was doing was that definetly. Just when you think a person can't become worse... Carrie: \"I love you, too, Momma.\" Alright people here is chapter 9. Hope you enjoy it. Sorry for the long time it took. I was out of inspiration. Next one will show Carrie's discovery of her powers. Love to write the reactions! Please let reviews behind.[Chapter 12] Chapter 10 Surprise? The screen shows a big sport field. On the sport field sit some teenage girls. Rita Desjardin stands in front of them. The crowd looks at the screen. Man, that woman was looking angry! Even some of the bravest men had to admit that the gym teacher looked really scary. Rita: \"All right, stand up!\" The girls stand up. \"Line up, please\". Rita stares at the girls when she walks past them. \"You have a big week coming up\". \"Junior Prom\". Freddy Holt watches the exchange on the screen. People were looking a bit more calm thanks to the relaxing scene. They probably thought they would see a milder scene. He could only chuckle. While he didn't know exactly what had happend during Miss Desjardins detention, he knew from the rumors that it was ugly. Looks like they would finally see what had really happend. \"Are you excited?\" \" You probably all have your dresses\". Sue looks to the floor. She knew that it was the right thing to let Tommy take Carrie to prom, but that didn't mean that it didn't hurt. The girls start to laugh and talk with each other. \"You have your dates by now\". Rita stops in front off Chris. \"What about you, Chris?\" \"Who's the lucky guy?\" Chris:\"Billy Nolan\". \"You don't know him\". Chris was looking at Miss Desjardins past self. She could only shake her head at her own past self. It was really dumb of her to behave like that, especially with how angry Miss Desjardin had been. \"He doesn't go to this school\". Rita:\"Are you going to get him a boutonniere?\" \"Or are you just going to pin a bloody tampon to his lapel?\" Some of the people in the crowd start to couch out of surprise and shame. At the same time some boys couldn't help but wonder how that would look. The girls start to whisper. Chris:\"I so don't need to hear this\". Chris tries to walk away, but Rita stops her. \"Bad move Miss Hargensen\". Says Mrs Martina while shaking her head. Rita:\"You're not going anywhere\". Rita turns now to Sue. \"What about you, Sue?\" \"Are you and Tommy busy campaigning to be Prom King and Queen?\" Eleanor Snell wants to tell Miss Desjardin to leave her daughter alone, but discovers that she can't. Her daughter did something horrible to Carrie and she has to face the consequences. She looks at the girls in Rita's arms. She feels a wave of sorrow They all had to face the consequences of what they had done. \"Its hard, isn't it?\" Whispers her best friend Geraldine Jones. She shakes her head to her lifetime friend. \"Sometimes you have to punish them hard, because else they won't know their bountries\". While saying that she looks to her nephew Billy Delois. \"I would have voted for you\". Rita walks away from Sue. \"Not now\". Sue stares ashamed to the ground. \"You all did a shitty thing yesterday\". \"A really shitty thing\" . \" And one of you had the audacity to post a video\". \"Yes, Miss Hargenson!\" Yells Henry Trennant while standing on his chair. Chris gives him a glare and continues watching the movie. \"Get of that chair, Mr Trennant\". Warns Mr Fromm. The girls start to whisper again. \" Somebody made a video of it?\" Chris:\" This is bullshit\". Rita:\" That's it\". \"Thanks to Miss Hargensen, you're all running suicides\". \"I really need to learn my mouth shut, don't I?\" Asks Chris. The students in the room look surprised at her, knowing how stubborn she could be. Some of the grown ups and teachers smile at the scene before them. Maybe this movie wasn't that bad after all. It give them the chance to change things for the better and it seemed to have a good effect on the students. All the girls start to moan. Chris:\" I'm not doing it\". Rita\" That's up to you\". \" That's up to all of you, but anyone who stops running is suspended\". The girls look defeated. Principal Morton shakes his head. At first he and some other had thought the punishment was too hard, but this showed that Rita had been right. \" And if you're suspended, you're not going to prom\". \" While you're running, I'd like for you to think long and hard about what it would be like to be Carrie White\". The room was completely silent. Everyone was thinking about what Carrie being bullied, Carrie being abused and Carrie crying and bleeding. The girls from gym class were shivering. The thought off living that day in and out was horrible. The screen changes. It now shows the front off the school. In front of the school stands an old car. Inside of the car sit Carrie and Margareth. The crowd looks with anger at the screen. Carrie was looking so submissive that it made many mothers sick. How could Margareth look so smug about her daughter being terrified of her? At the some moment Carrie stiffed at seeing her mother. Carri e:\"I'll be okay, Mama\". Margareth:\"I'm going to leave work early today and pick you up after school\". \"Fucking bitch\". Mutters Norma Watson. Margareth gives Carrie a kiss on the check. Carrie staps out of the car and walks inside the school. During this Margareth watches her. \"I think it would be handy for Margareth if she had the neck off a giraffe\". Said Vicky Hanscome. The thought of Margareth with a giraffe neck made some students snicker. The screen changes back to the sport field. All the girls are running rounds around the field. Chris:\"She can't do this to me\". Tina winches at those words and turns to Chris. \"Yes, she can Chris\". \"She has in fact done it already\". Chris smirks. \"Damn right she can\". Answers Chris. Chris couldn't help but admire Mrs Desjardin for what she did. It took a lot of guts, something that Chris admired. Sue:\"Just let it go, Chris\". \"We're almost done\". Chris:\"Then every day this week?\" \"All because of Carrie White?\" \"Like hell I will\" . Chris stops running. Rita:\"Keep moving, Hargensen\". \"Keep running or you're not going to prom.\" \"You enjoyed that, didn't you Rita.\" Says Principal Morton while trying not to laugh. The gymteachers gives him n response a cocky smile. Chris:\" Fuck you!\" At the same time John Hargenson shakes his head. How had he let it come so far? He should have listened to his ex wife. She had warned him, but he had refused to listen. The first thing he would do after this movie is calling her. Rita and the girls stare at her in shock. \"This is child abuse\". People look uncomfortable at the mention of child abuse. \"What did you say to me?\" \"I'm not going to run another goddamn inch because Carrie White got her period and was too stupid to know what it was\". \"Carrie is not stupid\". Says Ms Drew matter of fact towards Chris. \"She has in fact higher grades than you do\". After this some boys start to yell and chirp. Rita:\" You're suspended\". \" You're out of prom a nd you're out of my class\". Chris walks to Rita. \"Now\". \" No\". The two stare each other in the eyes Everyone in the room can feel the hate between the two woman on the screen. \"Bitch fight, bitch fight, bitch fight\". Screams Billy Delois suddendly with glee. His best mate Henry Trennant slaps himbagainst the head. \"Idiot!\". \"This has already happend\". He says. Billy looks at him for a few seconds. \"Ohhhhhhh\". He says. Rita:\"No ?\" Chris:\" You can't decide that\". \"It's a miracle Rita didn't slap her\". Whispers Mrs Martina to Mrs Rennie. \"She can't do this to us\". Rita:\"Goodbye, Chris\". \"The rest of you, keep at it\". The rest of them start to run again. Chris:\"Someone could die of dehydration\". \"Tina, you have a heart condition, right?\" Tina's father and mother look worried at those words. Tina's mother turns around and faces Mrs Desjardin. Mrs Desjardin looks kind at them. \"I know about Tina's hesrt condition and watched her\". Tina's mother relaxes visible after this and decides to continue watching the movie. Tina stares at Chris. \"If we all stick together, they're not going to suspend all of us\". \"They're not going to keep us all from prom\". \"There would be no prom\". \"Is that true?\" Asks Mr Wilson to Principal Morton. He shakes his head, but has a feeling in his stomach that Chris wasn't totally wrong. \"Nik, Lizzy?\" The twins shake their heads. Rita:\"Let's go, ladies!\" Chris:\"Heather?\" Heather hides her face behind her cap. \"This is bullshit!\" \"We didn't do anything wrong\". Rita:\"All right, let's go\". Chris:\"Right, Sue?\" Sue stares at Chris with shock. Chris tries to walk away with Sue. \"You're with me on this, right?\" \"Come on\". \"Sue\". Sue looks at Chris and shakes her head. Chris looks stunned. Rita:\"Come on\". \"Keep going, ladies\". Chris:\"This isn't over\". \"This isn't over by a long shot\". At those words Chris looks at her hands. Billy notices this and whispers: \"Do you want to continue our plan? Chris looks up at him and forms with her mouth the word no. The screen now shows Carrie walking in the school. People stare at her and some laugh. Girl:\"That's Carrie White\" . Vicky Handscome watches the scene with self loathing. How could Carrie forgive them for everything they had done? Carrie walks further and tries to ignore them. Carrie watched her past self with a blank face. Oh, how it hurt to be strong and ignore all the laughter. She touches Rita's nose with her finger and feels Rita laughing. By Rita she never had to be strong. She walks to her locker. She stares with tears in her eyes to her locker. In big letters is writing: Carrie White eats shit! Cindy Young looks at the grafetti with mixed feelings. To think that she and her other classmates found it a few hours ago hilarious. A janitor tries to remove the graffiti. Carrie runs to the girls bathroom. When she is inside, she walks to the mirror. Slowly she removes a part of her kerchief. The part of her face that is revealed is blue. People feel sick while staring at the big blue bruise on Carrie's face. They turn around and watch the timide girl. \"It's alright, I had worse and the bruises are almost gone\". Says Carrie after seeing the concerned looks. People seem to relax after this statement. \"Oh Carrie\". Whispers Mrs Snell sadness. Carrie touches it and jumps a bit. She stares at it and looks miserable. Suddendly the mirror starts to crack and it breaks. The people in thr room stare with confusing at the screen. How did that happen?\" Asks Jessica. She notices that Carrie has become pale. \"Just keep watching\". Carrie looks a few seconds at the now broken mirror.. She then looks at the piece s of the mirror. The pieces start to float . The people in the room stare with their mouths open at the screen. Most of them can't believe what they are seeing. After the get out of their shock, they turn to Carrie. \"What is that?!\". \"How do you do that!?\" \"What the hell is going on!?\". Carrie looks scared and tries to run for it again, but Rita stops her. \"Carrie will explain everything after this scene, right Carrie?\" Says Rita. Oh, oh... Carrie looks at it and smiles. When she turns around she sees Heather Shrys coming out of the toilet. She stops the pieces from floating, pulls her kerchief back and runs out of the girls bathroom. Hello everyone here is the rest. Hope you enjoy it. I don't think I will post a new (complete) chapter before Christmas and New Year. So I wish everyone A Happy Christmas and A Happy New Year. Reviews are welcome.[Chapter 13] Chapter 11 Superpowers The people in the room watch as the screen turns black. Shock is writing on the faces of many. They turn to Carrie and stare at her. Carrie shrinks under their stares and wishes the ground would swollow her. She knows there is no point in denying what everyone had seen, but stil... She swallows and takes a decision. She pulls away from Rita and looks in the faces of her students, their parents and her teachers. \"I guess you all have questions\". Before people can start to scream again, Rita talks . \"I have them to, but if you dont want to talk about it Carrie...\". Rita looks at Carrie while saying this. Carrie smiles thankfull at Rita. \"What!\" \"But!\" Rita glares at them. \"But I want to know how she did that!\" Whines Jessica Upshaw. \"Why? It is clear that Carrie has telekinetic powers\". Says Freddy. When Freddy notices what he said, his eyes go wide and he puts his hand on his mouth. \"What?!\" Screams the crowd. The Wilson twins look at Freddy like he is crazy. \"Yeah right geek\". Says Nikki. \"Telekineses doesn't excist\". Continues Lizzy. \"It does!\" Screams Malcom Palmer. Some other students meddle in the discussion \"You all read to many comic books!\" Screams Ruth Gogan. \"What's wrong with comic books?\" Says Heather Shrys angry. Carrie watches the discussion from her chair. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. There is no point in denying everything. The only thing she can do is hope everyone will not freak out. She looks to her fighting classmates and starts using her powers. The students keep arguing with each other. They are so busy arguing that they don't notice that they are being lifted from the ground. The other people in the room stare at the students with open mouth and eyes that almost pop out of their skull. \"And that's the reason why telekineses doesn't excist, Holt\". Says Ruth. She turns around and notices that there is no one behind her. \"Strange\". She turns back and notices that her classmates look speechless. \"What's wrong?\". Heather looks at her with awe. \"Look around you\". Ruth does what Heather says. When she notices she floates in the air she screams. \"Put me down!\" Immediatly, the chairs go back to the ground. \"Awwwww, Carrie!\". Whines Freddy. \"I want one more time\". \"Freddy Holt this is not a game\". Says Mrs Hokt stern. Principal Morton stands up and takes the word. \"Your mother is right, Mr Holt\". He than turns around and looks at Carrie. \"And your full of surprises, aren't you Mrs White?\" Carrie blushes at the compliment. \"Yeah, that is so cool Carrie!\". \"Girls, that was amazing\". \"I wish I could do that to!\" Carrie feels relief at the positive attention and relaxes a bit. \"My special girl\". Whispers Rita in her ear. Carrie faces Rita who looks at her with admiration. \"Excuse me, Carrie?\" Says Mr Holt. Carrie looks at Mr Holt. \"I don't know what to say\". \"I'm a scientist and I have seen many things, but I can't understand how this is possible\". Carrie shakes her head at the confused faces of some of the adults and students. \"I don't know it to sir\". \"I only discovered my powers a few days ago\". Carrie frowns. \"The things I know about my powers come from books and my own experience\". \"Your own experience?\". Asks Mr Fromm. \"I remember doing some things when I was little\". Answers Carrie. \"I always thought those memories were fake\". The crowd listens with great interest. \"Does that mean that Margareth knows\". Asks Eleanor Snell. Sue looks at her mother. What she says makes sense. \"Yes\". Answers Carrie. \"In fact, I think I got my powers from her mother, my grandmother\". The people in the room look shocked. \"Why do youn t hink that, Carrie?\". Asks Mrs Watson. \"Because it is passed from daughter on daughter\". Answers Carrie. \"I think it skipped my mother, but not me\". Carrie looks slightly uncomfortable when she says this. \"That fucking bitch\". Mutters John Hargenson. The crowd is silent for a few seconds. Slowly taking everything in that they were told. Billy Nolan looks at Carrie with interest. \"Hey Carrie\". \"Yes\". Says Carrie. \"Would you like going to the casino with me?\" He asks hopefull. The crowd looks confused for a few seconds before they understand it. \"Mr Nolan!\". Say many adults. Billy shakes his head and laughs. \"Come on!\". \"That girl can do a lot of things with her powers that can help us!\" He looks at Mrs Dean (the trainer of the lacrosse team). \"She can make sure Ewen High never loses again\". Principal Morton sees the greedy look on Mr Deans face and some of the lacrosse players and he decides its time to stop this. \"That's enough Mr Nolan\". \"Carrie is not a thing you or others can use for your own gain\". Mr Dean, the lacrosse players and Billy look slightly guilthy. \"I think it is the best if we continue watching the movie\". Says Rita. \"That's a good idea Mrs Desjardin\". Says Principal Morton. He goes back to his place and starts the movie again.[Chapter 14] Chapter 11 Bad teacher. Carrie walks inside the library. She walks down to the computers and sits down. Carrie looks how the boy next to her uses the computer. Carrie start searching: Magical Powers. \"You used that term, Carrie?\" Says Tina Blake. Carrie's cheeks turn lightly red. \"I think it is magical what you can do, Carrie\". Says Sue, while glaring at Tina. The next scene shows Carrie taking books from the bookshelves. She reads the books at a table. The title of one of the books is telekineses. The scene changes as and shows Carrie once again behind a computer. She watches a video of a girl moving paper without touching it. The boy who sat beside her earlier walks to her. Freddy Holt: \"Um, you know... Sorry\". \"I was just going to say, you can make it full-screen\". The crowd smiles at the display. At least some people treated Carrie good before this all started. Freddy looks at the screen with a frown. He feels slightly guilthy for not trying more to befriend Carrie. Maybe he and Carrie could become friends after this? He smiles at the thought. \"Watch\". Freddy clicks with the mouse and the screen becomes bigger. The screen turns black. The next scene shows Carrie with her classmates in a classroom. Carrie is staring outside at a flag. The flag starts to move. Cindy Yang laughs with some of her friends. The rest of the crowd looks with deep interest to the scene. \"So that was why Carrie was staring at that old flag!\". She says to Norma. \"I thought it was the wind!\". Says Norma Watson with pink cheeks. Mr Ullman: \"All right, who's next\"? \"Uh, Carrie. Favorite poem\". Carrie turns away from the window. \"Did you bring one\"? Carrie: \"Yeah\". Mr Ullman: \"Why don't you come to the front of the class and share it with us all? Carrie walks to the front of the class. Mr Ullman looks at Tina who bites on her pen. Principal Morton feels his stomach turn. He turns to his English teacher who looks away. He notices that other people, including Tina's parents, look also at Mr Ullman. Carrie: \"This unfrequented place to find some ease\". \"Ease to the body some, none to the mind\". \"Times past, and what once I was and what am now\". \"O wherefore was my birth from Heaven foretold\". \"Twice by an Angel, who at last in sight\". \"Of both my Parents all in flames...\". \"...ascended.\" \"Well done, Mrs White! \". Says Mr Frogg \"I didn't know you were this good at reading poems\". Carrie turns red and lookx away. Mr Frogg notices this and decides to try another routine. \"If I'm right that poem is about Samson, right?\" Carrie shakes her head. \"I like reading myths and English books\". Says Carrie. Mr Frogg laughs and slaps Mr Ullman friendly on the back. \"At least you have one student that likes your subject\". Mr Ullman:\"Okay, uh, that was, uh...\" Tina gives him a look. \"...disturbing\". The adults in the room glare at the teacher and student, while the students look slightly guilthy. The principal and the teachers look at each other. It wasn't the first time and it defenitly wouldn't be the last time that a student and teacher would flirt, but this was outragious! \"I would like to see you in my office after the movie, Edwin\". Says Principal Morton to an ashen Mr Ullman. Tina smiles at Mr Ullman. \"How did that guy ever became a teacher?\" Whispers Mrs Upshaw to Mrs Watson. \"I have no idea\". Answers Mrs Watson back. \"That is the most you've said in class all year\". I\"s there anything else you'd like to share or are you done scaring us for the day\"? The sdults and students look angry. \"It's pathetic you bully a student to get some attention from another student\". Says Jessica Upshaw with a sneer. Agent Geraldine looks at the flushing faces of the student and teacher. She ticks her partner on his shoulder. \"Look at that\". She whispers. \"I think there is more going on than \"just flirting\". Her partners eyes turn cold. \"We will take that guy to the police station to hear him out after this movie\". He answers. Tommy: \"Asshole\". The students and some of the adults laugh. \"I knew you called him a asshole, Ross\". Says George Downson. Mr Ullman:\"Excuse me, Mr. Ross\". \"Did you say something\"? Tommy: \"I said, \"Awesome.\" \"I just thought what Carrie read was awesome\". \"Didn't you, Mr. Ulman\"? Mr Ullman: \"All right, who's next? Uh...\" \"Nicki\". \"I mean, Lizzy\". The scene turns black. The screen now shows Mrs Snell in a shop. Mrs Snell:\"Is anyone working\"? The screen turns to Margareth who is trying to ignore Mrs Snell. \" Do we really have to watch that bitch again?\". Whines Vicky Hanscome. \"Whoever send us her said we have to watch the ENTIRE movie, Vic\". Answers Nicki and Lizzy Vicky pouts, but continues watching the movie. \"Excuse me\". \"Is anybody working\"? Margareth hurts herself accidently. \"That's karma bitch\". Screams Malcom Palmer. Margareth walks to the front of the store and greets Mrs Snell. \"Oh, Margaret\". \"I'm sorry to disturb your. \"I don't know where Hugo and Gloria...\" Margareth:\"Can I help you, Mrs. Snell\"? Mrs Snell: \"Yes, I'm picking up\". Mrs Snell shows Margareth a card. Margareth walks way to get the dress. A few seconds later she comes back with the dress. \"Margaret, I want to say how sorry I am about what happened at the school\". \"There's no excuse for what Sue did, but she's a good girl\". Margareth:\"Are any of those girls good\"? \"What does she mean with that?\" Asks Ruth Gogan. Carrie looks at her and shakes her own head. \"Believe me you don't want to know it\". Mrs Snell pulls up the dress and starts to inspect it. Mrs Snell:\"Oh, that is beautiful work, Margareth\". \"Thank you\". Margareth starts to hurt herself. \"That woman was hurting herself while Mrs Snell was in the room!?\" Screams Elton Mott The other people in the room look slightly ill. \"I'm terribly sorry, Eleanor\". Says Elton Mott. \"It's alright Elt\". Answers Eleanor Snell back. \"I love what you've done with the neckline\". \"And the stitches\". \"You can barely see them\". Margareth's arms starts to bleed. Some people turns green at seeing this. Elton Mott looks at the scream with disdain and wonders if Margareth has cut herself in his shop before. \"So few people can sew like this anymore\". \"I could never do anything like this myself\". \"Sue's going to look beautiful\". \"I am so excited for her\". \"I remember my prom\". \"Anyway, she's going to love it\". Margareth:\" These are Godless times, Mrs. Snell\". \"Especially for you, because you're going to jail!\" Says Lila Thibodea. Hello Everybody! Here is the new chapter. I want to thank all the people who follow me. 114 people follow me and 100 people have favorited my story. I never thought when I began with this story, that so many people would be interested in this story. I hope you enjoy this chapter! Ps I have a question. Do you think I give everyone enough to tal? Or. does someone talk to much or to little? Please let me know and than I will do something about it.[Chapter 15] Chapter 12 Lawyers and cat fights. The screen shows Mrs Desjardin, Principal Morton, Chris Hargenson and her father. The four off them sit in the principals office. Mr Hargenson:\"This gym teacher was running Chrissie into the ground and used profanity\". \"What about you're daughter who said fuck you against a teacher\". Says agent Zack Rigger. \"Oh and let's not forget the rest\". Adds agent Maggie Mcgreger. John Hargenson looks at the floor. \" I believe the term \"shitty\" was used\". \"She can't do that\". \"It's abuse of power\". Chris Hargenson: \"You're right, Daddy\". \"That's what she said\" \"Shitty.\" She's really abusive\". \"No, she isn't\". Says Carrie to Chris. Chris feels a bit guilthy at those words, remembering the way that Margareth treats Carrie. And here is she complaining. Principal Morton: \"Ms. Desjardin was reprimanded for what happened in class today\". \"But you know we've had a lot of problems with your daughter in the past\". \"Another student would have long been expelled by now\". Whispers Mrs Martina to Mr Frogg. \" And now, with what she did to her classmate, Carrie White\". \"The girl was having her...\" \"Period, Henry\". Says Rita to the mortified principal. \"What your daughter and her posse...\" Mr Hargenson: \"I'm not going to sit here and listen to half-truths\". John looks around and sees a lot of people staring at him. While he know he deservices it, doesn't mean it isn't annoying. \" Iknow my daughter\". \"She said she didn't do it\". \" I want her prom privileges restored\". \"You can't prove she did anything, can you?\" Mrs Desjardin: \" I believe that there is a video of the incident\". \"And I think your daughter is the one who took it\". \"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh\". Say several students. \" Ithink a video like that would probably be pretty damning to anyone in it and to the person who made it\". \"Don't you, Mr. Hargensen?\" The students and some adults stare with shock and admire to the gym teacher. \"Never piss of that woman, Sue\". Whispers Mrs Snell to her daughter. \" I don't know\". \"I'm just a gym teacher, but it seems like a video like that would probably affect college admissions, possibly a lawsuit, tons of bad publicity\". Carrie stares full of love and admiration to Rita. \"Thank you\". Says Carrie. She gives Rita a quick kiss on the lips when everbody is to busy with looking at the screen. The two woman are so busy kissing, that they don't notice someone looking at them. \"I wonder what The Today Show would do with a video like that\". Romy Wilson smiles at the cunning of the gym teacher. John Hargenson is a laywer and his image would probably be damaged if Mrs Desjardin would expose what his snotty brat had done. She defeated him at his own game. \" I think we should just look at her phone and if it's not there I owe you a huge apology and she should be allowed to go to prom\". \"But that video is still on her phone\". Says Tina to no one in particular. Mr Hargenson: \"Chris\". \"Chris\". Chris Hargenson: \"Daddy, I'm not going to give them my phone\". \" I have personal things on here\". \"Isn't that invasion of privacy or something?\" \"And you think it isn't obvious when you refuse to give your phone?\". Says Heather. Chris turns red. \"It isn't like I had any other options, Heath\". \"I forgot to delete the video from my phone\". Chris says. Mr Hargenson: \"Chrissie, if you want to go to prom, just give them the damn phone and we can be done with this\". \" Ihave to get back to work\". Chris Hargenson: \"Dad\". Mr Hargenson: \"God damn it, just give them your phone, Chris\". Chris Hargenson: \"No\". Chris walks away. Billy Delois walks to an table and climbs on it. And the winner is Ritttaaaaaaaa\". Screams Billy Delois. \"Everyone give her a big applause\". Says Hehry Trennant from his chair. The students and some adults start to clap. Rita rises from her chair and bows. The screen shows the gym, now decorated for the prom. On the stairs sit the Ultra's. They all turns their heads to the door. Chris walks from the door to her friends. Chris Hargenson: \"So, I'm officially out of the prom. I bet that cocksucker Morton loses his job, though\". \"Detention, Mrs Hargenson!\" Screams Principal Morton. \"My dad is suing him\". \"Jesus, Sue, why didn't you stand up for me?\" \"We could have had them by the balls\". Sue Snell: \"We deserved it for what we did to Carrie White\". \" I thought I deserved it\". \"Desjardin was right\". \"We did a shitty thing for no reason\". \"At least one of the girls got the message\". Says Rita to Sue. Chris Hargenson: \"Bullshit!\" \"That Carrie goes around saying that everyone but her and her mother are going to hell and you stuck up for her? \" \"I have never said that\". Says Carrie. \"Mo...Margareth did, but I didn't\". The other people in the room look at the tiny girl with pity. \"Come on!\" Sue Snell: \" You can be such a pig sometimes, Chris\". \"What did Carrie White ever do to you?\" Chris Hargenson: \"She's been begging for it since the first grade, Sue\". Sue Snell: \"I've got to go. Sue walks away. Chris Hargenson: \" I seem to remember you were in there throwing shit with the rest of us\". \"What was it that she was calling her?\" \"Freak?\" Sue feels guilthy again, thinking about her role in the \"Period accident\". Tommy and George look at Sue with worry. \"Don't think about it now\". Says Tommy. Sue and George stare at Tommy. \"Why not bro?\". Asks George. \"Why were we send this movie?\". Tommy answers. Both think for a few seconds. \"To change the future\". Says Sue. \"Exactly\". Says Tommy. \"The Period Accident has already happend, which means... \"Something is gonna happen in the near future\". Finishes George. The three students look at each other. \"I think it is the best if we continue watching the movie and think about other things later\". Says Tommy. Sue realaxes a bit and the three students turn their heads to the screen. Sue Snell: \" I stopped\". Chris Hargenson: \"Oh, you stopped?\" Sue Snell: \" Yeah\". The girls cringe at the look on Chris face. It was that of a predator looking at his prey. Chris Hargenson: \"Why did you keep running?\" \"Hmm?\" \"Why did you keep running, Sue?\" Sue Snell: \"Stop it, Chris!\" Chris Hargenson: \"You kept running, Sue, little Suze, because you've been dreaming about senior year and the perfect boyfriend and the perfect prom your whole goddamned life\". \"You already booked the hotel, already practiced the sounds you're going to make when you and Tommy make love\". The people in the room stare with disgust to Chris. \"And you're supposed to be her best friend?\" Says Jessica Upshaw. Chris hears the other students and adults whisper to each other. \"That's why you had this bullshit change of heart\". \"You don't give a shit about Carrie White\" \"And everybody knows it\". \"Okay\". \"I'll see you around, Sue\". Chris walks out of the gym. Hello everyone! Happy Easter. I hope you all like this chapter.[Chapter 16] Chapter 13 Do me a favor. The screen shows Carrie in her room. She sits on her bed and stares at the books on her nightstand. Suddendly, the books start to move on their own. The books flow to Carrie and start making circles. The people in the room stare with awe. \"Oke, that's freaking awesome\". Says Billy Nolan. At the same time the bed starts to flow. \"How much can you lift, Carrie?\" Asks Melissa Blake. \"I don't know\". \"But I'm getting stronger every day\". Answers Carrie. \"So it is kinda like a muscle?\"Asks Mr Dean. \"You get better with training?\" Carrie is quite for a few seconds. \"I think so\". Answers Carrie. The screen turns to Margareth. Margareth is washing the dishes. Suddendly, the lights start to flicker. Margareth looks up. Margareth: \"Carrie?\". \"Carrie?\". Margareth picks up a big knive and starts walking to her daughters room. \"Seriously?!\". Screams Henry Trennant and some other students. The rest of the room look at the big knive in Margareth's hand. Some of the adults mutter to each other. \"Is she gonna kill Carrie?\"Says Sue worried. Was this the reason for having to watching this movie? Tommy takes her hand. \"No, this has already happend and Carrie is still alive\". Answers Tommy. The screen changes and shows a now terrified Carrie who stops with levitating her bed and the books. The screen changes again and now shows Margareth going inside Carrie's room. The room looks with worry at the scene. She sees Carrie sleeping in her bed. The people in the room feel relief at seeing this. She walks to Carrie and places the knive on Carrie's nightstand. Margareth strokes Carrie's hair. Margareth: \"I'm not going to let anyone hurt you, little girl\". \"You're safe here with me\". Carrie uses her telekinesis on the knive. It falls from the nightstand on the ground. \"Why did you do that, Carrie?\" Asks Norma Watson. Carrie looks at the girl. \"I was scared that Margareth would see that I wasn't sleeping and then beat me for not sleeping\". Answers Carrie. The people in the room feel like crying hearing this. Margareth looks at it and then at her daughter. The screen shows a big sportfield. Guys play lacrosse. One of them is Tommy Ross. Sue Snell, Tommy's girlfriend, watches him. Tommy turns around and sees Sue. He stops playing lacrosse and runs towards Sue. He and Sue kiss. Tommy:\"Got it\". Sue:\"Hey\". Tommy:\" How are you doing?\" Sue:\"Good\". Tommy:\" Good?\" Sue:\"Yeah\". Tommy:\"What's up?\" Sue:\"I want you to take Carrie White to prom\". \"Whatttttttttttt\"! The people in the room look at Sue and Tommy with godsmacked faces. \"You're joking right, Sue\". Says Lila Thibodeau. \"Why would you do that\". Says Carrie while looking at Sue. Sue looks Carrie in the eyes and smiles timid. \"To make it up\". Says Sue. The people in the room blink at those words. \"You deserve it\". Says Sue. Carrie blushes at those words and looks away. \"That's really kind of you, Sue\". Says Cindy Young. \"But what do you want to achieve with that?\". Asks Freddy Holt. \"I wanted to give Carrie one special night she would never forget\".Answers Sue. \"Thank you\". Whispers Carrie. \"But you should go with Tommy\". The crowd is silent for a few seconds. \"He is you're boyfriend, not mine\".Continues Carrie. \"But...\". Says Sue. \"Ladies you can talk about this later and continue watching the movie\". Says principal Morton. The two girls go silent and everyone starts watching the movie again. Tommy starts laughing. Tommy:\"Good one, babe\". Sue:\"Come on\". Tommy:\"Are you serious?\" Sue:\" I'm just trying to fix what I did\". Tommy:\"Yeah\". \"I get that, but this is...\" \"Sue, it's nuts\". Sue:\"Okay, so it's nuts\". \"But after what we did to her, \"I have to do something\". \"I have to do something that counts\". Tommy:\"Uh...\" \"What even makes you think that she would say yes to me?\" Sue:\"She'd say yes\". Tommy:\"We've barely even spoken\". Sue:\"I saw how she looked at you in class when you rescued her\". \"You have a crush on Tommy?\" Asks Chester Miller. Carrie gets red in the face and looks at Rita. \"I don't like Tommy!\" Says Carrie. Then she turns to Tommy \"I mean you're a nice guy but I don't like like you\". Says Carrie timid. Tommy smiles at her. \"No hard feelings, Carrie\". Answers Tommy \"What girl doesn't want to go to prom?\" \"What girl doesn't want one magical night?\" \"Maybe I can give that up for her\". Tommy:\"No. Babe, I want you to have that magic night\". \"I don't want to go to prom with Carrie White\". \"I want to go to prom with you\". Sue:\" I can't go\". Hey everyone. Here is another chapter. It isn't as long as the others, I hope you like it anyway.[Chapter 17] Chapter 14 Rejected. The screen shows Tommy walking through the hall. Multiple students and one teacher great him. \"Hello Mr Popular\". Says Freddy Holt. Tommy looks at his geeky friend. \"I love you too, you science geek\". Answers Tommy. Tommy walks to the cantine. He looks around and sees Carrie sitting all alone at one table. The sight of Carrie sitting all alone makes some people cringe. Tommy walks to her. Tommy:\"Hey, Carrie\". Carrie looks up from her books and sees Tommy. \"I was looking for you at the library because that's where they said you were\". \"But, uh, you weren't there, so I figured maybe you were here\". \"Great start of a conversation, Ross\". Says George Dawson. Tommy pushes him friendly in response. \"Telekinesis: Unlocking the Mind.\" Carrie:\" No, no\", Tommy:\"Is that about, uh, hypnosis?\" Heather Shrys and some nerds look at Tommy with horror. \"Everyone knows that telekineses is the abilithy to move objects with you're mind!\". Says Heather Shrys. The other nerds shake their heads. \"Nerd\".Whispers Nikki to Lizzie. \"Because me and my friends, we tried that\". \"We actually hypnotized my boy's dog\". \"Really?\" Say some people. \"It's a really funny story\". Answers Tommy with a smile on his face. \"After all we have seen, nothing surprises me anymore\". Says Mrs Drew. \"Anyway, um...\" \"How are you doing?\" Carrie: \"I'm okay\". Tommy:\"Cool\". \"So you know how, um, prom is next week?\" \"You know?\" \"Um, I was wondering, if you don't have a date already, maybe you want to go with me\". Carrie:\"What?\" \"I would react the same\". Says Cindy Yang. The rest of the group looks at Tommy. \"What?\". Asks Tommy and his father They look confused. Mrs Ross shakes her head. \"That is not the way you ask a girl, let stand one that you barely know!\" Says Jessica Upshaw. \"And that is bullied\". Says Sue Snell. \"The most popular boy in school asks out a unpopular girl...\" Says Mary Thibodeau. \"...and said boy also has a girlfriend!\" Says Lila Thibodeau. Father and son are blushing at the end. Tommy pulls at his hair. \"Sorry?\" \"Well the good thing is that you can try again, Ross\". \"This hasn't happen yet\". Says Chester Miller. \"I will help you with it\". Continues Chester Miller. Suddendly the boys hear a noise. \"I think it is in everybodys favor if we continue watching the movie\". Says Rita Desjardin. Beside her Carrie is blushing. Both the boys shake their head. The movie continues... Tommy: \"The prom\". \"Next week\". Carrie looks around her and sees multiple (popular) students staring at them Carrie takes her books and walks away. \"I'm sorry\". Says Carrie timidly to Tommy. Tommy shakes his head. \"You don't have to apologise, Carrie\" Says Tommy. \"This is my fault\".Says Tommy \"I should have thought more on this one\". Says Tommy. Carrie still looks uncomfortable. \"Girl, it isn't youre fault Tommy can be clueless\". Says George Dawson. George walks to Carrie and puts his arm around her shoulder. \"You know, I never understood how he and Sue got together with him being so clueless\". Jokes George Dawson. Carrie and several others laugh at this. \"Now you accept his apologie and we continue watching the movie\".Says George Dawson. \"Okay\". Says Carrie with a small smile. Tommy runs after her. Tommy:\"Carrie\". \"Hey\". \"Carrie\" Carrie:\"Stop!\" \"Please, just stop trying to trick me\". Most students stare at the ground with shame at this. \"No, I'm not trying to trick you\". \"I'm not tricking you\". Carrie:\"Aren't you with Sue Snell?\" Tommy:\"Yeah, I'm with Sue Snell, but she doesn't want to go\". \"Really convincing, Tommy\". Says Ruth Gogan to her friends boyfriend. Carrie:\"I'm sorry. Carrie walks away, but this time Tommy doesn't follow her. The screen changes again and now showes Carrie crying in the girls changeroom. \"Shit\". Whispers Tommy. He never wanted to make her upset. The other people look at the scene with pity. Suddendly Rita walks through the door. Rita sees Carrie crying and walks to her. Rita:\"Did one of the girls try something again?\" \"Right on the case, aren't you Miss Desjardin\". Chuckles agent Zack Rigger. Rita smiles at him. \"You have no idea\" Say several students and teachers. Carrie:\"No\". \"I got invited to prom\". Rita:\"Really?\" \"That's great news\". Vicky looks at the screen with confusing. Did Mrs Desjardin look sad for a moment? Vicky shakes her head. She is imagining things. \"With who?\" Carrie:\"It's Tommy Ross\". Rita:\"Wow\". \"Tommy Ross?\" \"He is pretty dreamy, huh?\" Carrie:\"Yeah\". \"I know who he goes around with\". \"Yet another reason not to trust it\". Says Sue. Her plan to do something nice for Cartie was failing. She had thought that Carrie had a crush on Tommy, but that was apparently not true. There were many holes in her plan. She had to change her plan. \"They're just going to trick me again\". \"Right?\" Rita:\"Maybe he really meant it\". Carrie:\"No\". Rita:\"Yes, of course he did\". Carrie:\"Why?\" \"Why would he want to go with me?\" The people in the room feel bad at the girls clear lack of confidence. Knowing that they are all in one way or another responsible for it. \"You're smart, you're funny... Says Malcom Palmer. \"You have superpowers\". Says Billy Nolan. He turns to Carrie. \"You know, the offer still stands\". Says Billy Nolan. \"Mr Nolan!\" Scream Principal Morton.. Most of the adults and students frown at him. \"What?\". Says Billy Nolan with a cocky smile. Principal Morton and several others just shake their heads. Rita:\"Come here\". Rita takes Carrie in her arms and they walk to a mirror. \"Do you know what I see?\" \"I see a beautiful young woman\". \"How can you say that?\". Asks Chris Hargenson \"You see almost none of her face!\" Continues Chris Hargenson. The other people in the room look confused. \"Wait a seconde...\" Says Mrs Watson \"You have seen Carrie without her kerchief, haven't you?\" Continues Mrs Watson. Rita nods her head. \"How does she look?\"Asks several people. \"Beautiful\" Says Rita with a big smile. The room is quite for a few seconds. People look unconvinced. \"Are you...\". Says Tina Blake. Before Tina can finish her sentence, Rita speaks. \"I am 100 procent sure\". Says Rita. She glares at the peoplewho looks unconvinced. Daring them to say a word. Everyone decides is best to not start a fight with Rita and not harm Carrie's self-esteem farther \"Maybe wear a little make-up\". \"Pinch your cheeks a little bit, put some color in there\". \"Curl your hair\". \"Stand up straight\". \"There you go\". Hello everyone! I'm back! I got my results today and I passed! I'm officially graduating. Ohhhhh I am so exciting. I promised to post again after I was done with my exams, so here it is! I want to thank all the people that follow me, have favorited me, left a review or just read my story. I really appreciate that. I hope you all like it and I will try to post the next chapter as soon as possible. Till next time![Chapter 18] Chapter 15 Offer accepted. The scene shows Sue Snell, Tommy Ross and Mrs Desjardin in a classroom. Sue and Tommy sit next to each other, while Mrs Desjardin sits opposite them. \"What did you two do?\" Asks Vicky. \"I don't know Vicky\". Answers Sue. She looks at Tommy who doesn't seem to be any wiser then her. \"Yeah right Sue\". Says Vicky. Vicky looks unconvinced. \"Girls, remember this movie shows parts of our future.\" Says Mrs Desjardin. The girls and Tommy look at Mrs Desjardin. \"So you say that you don't know why Tommy and Sue are in trouble\". Asks Vicky. \"What makes you think Sue and Tommy are in trouble?\". Asks Lila Thibodeau. Vicky turns to her left and looks her friend in the eyes. \"The look on Mrs Desjardin's face\".Answers Vicky. Lila and her twin sister Mary look at the big screen. \"Good point\". Says Mary Thibodeau. Rita:\"Come on, Sue\". \"You and Chris are best friends\". \"We WERE best friends\". Says Sue. \"If you two...\". \"If you three are planning on playing a joke on a lonely, defenseless girl...\". Realisation shows up in everyone's face. \"You think that Sue is trying to pull a prank on Carrie?\" Says Beth (the nurse). \"Not just Sue, but Sue, Tommy and Chris\". Says Mrs Drew. Everyone in the room looks at Rita Desjardin. \"You know, I can't blame her\". Says Tina Blake. \"You have to admit that it is strange\". \"A defensless girl?!\" Shouts Freddy Delois. Freddy stands up and points at Carrie. \"The girl can move things with her mind!\" A lot of people in the room can't help themselves and burst into laughter. \"She can put me into a hospital without moving a finger!\". Continues Freddy Delois. Some people stop laughing and look at Carrie. Carrie is looking at the screen and doesn't seem to notice the stares. They suddendly feel uncomfortable. They know that Carrie wouldn't do something like that, but the thought that she can do that isn't a nice one. Tina Blake walks in the room. She stands still and listens to the conversation. \"Tina, what did I tell you about respecting other people's privacy!\". Says Melissa Blake. \"Sorry, mom\". Says a embaressed Tina Blake. Sue:\"This has nothing to do with Chris\". \"Or you, Miss Desjardin\". \"And for me...\". Tommy:\"Listen, with due respect, Miss Desjardin, this is between Sue and me\". \"He is right Rita\". Says principal Morton. The people in the room watch in silence the gym teacher and the principal. \"I am protecting her\". Says Rita Desjardin. \"You can't interfere with the personal life of youre students, Rita\". Says Mr Frogg. Rita glares at the teachers and principal. \"Why do I have a feeling this isn't gonna end well?\" Whispers Ruth Gogan to Norms Watson. \"I am protecting Carrie!\" Says Rita. \"I know Rita, but it is against the rules\". Says Mrs Drew. \"Something you and the other teacherd clearly failed at\". Says Rita. Rita claps her hand over her mouth in shock and her eyes grow wide. The teachers and principal look hurt and ashamed. \"I'm sorry\". Says Rita \"We know we have failed Carrie\". Mrs Martina There is a awkward silence between the teachers and principal. No one knows what to say. \"I think we should continue watching the movie and talk about this later\". Says Mr Holt. Everyone just nods and turns their heads to the screen. \"It's kind of like a private thing\". \"And what is the big deal anyway?\" \"It's just for one night, right?\" \"Famous athletes like Tim Tebow, he takes kids to prom all the time and everyone loves him for it\". \"I never thought you could be so arrogant, Ross\". Says George Dawson. Tommy laughs and punshes George in the shoulder. Rita:\"Really?\" \"You're hardly a famous athlete\". \"This is a really big deal for her\". Tommy:\"Listen. it doesn't matter\". \"She said no\". Sue:\"So you'll try again\". Rita:\"Don't\". Tommy:\"Okay\". \"With who do you agree, Tommy?\" Asks Heather. \"Uhhhhhhhh\". Says Tommy. Mrs Desjardin and Sue shake their heads. Sue:\"It's not okay\". Rita:\"Tommy\", \"When you show up to prom with Carrie White on your arm, don't you think you're going to look the tiniest bit ridiculous?\" The crowd goes silent and turns to Rita. Rita is pale and faces Carrie. Carrie looks at Rita with hurt and betrayel in the eyes. \"I don't mean it that way, Carrie\". Says Rita. \"So, it is not embarrassing to be seen with me?\" Asks Carrie. Only Rita, principal Morton and the mystery person pick up the double meaning. \"No of course not sweetheart\". Says Rita. Carrie still looks a bit hurt. \"I was trying to stop Tommy for asking again, I think\". Says Rita. Rita gives Carrie a kiss on her forehead. The crowd looks with smiles at the scene before them. Well, almost everyone. \"Do those two seem a bit too close, or is it just me?\" Whispers agent Maggie Mcgregor to her partners. Geraldine Jones and Zack Rigger nod. \"Yes, but we can't just jump to conclusions\". Whispers agent Geraldine Jones. \"I know, but if those two are in a relationship...\". Whispers agent Maggie Mcgregor. \"What is the problem?\". Asks agent Zack Rigger his partners. Agent Maggie Mcgregor glares at him. \"She is underage and her homelife is horrible\". \"Such girls are vulnerable and are often taken advantage off\". Whispers agent Maggie Mcgregor. \"That is true, but that girl seems to have her gymteacher around her little finger\". Whispers agent Zack Rigger. \"Guys we don't know if those two are really in a realtionship, so stop it!\" Whispers agent Geraldine Jones. The two agents nod and stop bickering. Sue:\"We don't care how we look\". \"Do we?\" Tommy:\"No\". Sue:\"Come on\". The scene shows Carrie walking home from school. She sees Tommy Ross getting out of his car and walking to her house. \"You are going to my-my houssseee?\" Asks Carrie. It takes the crowd just a few seconds to understand why Carrie is so scared. \"Oh shit\". Says Cindy Young. She runs to him. Carrie:\"What are you doing here?\" Tommy:\"Aren't you going to ask me in?\" Carrie:\"What do you want?\" \"You can't be here\". Carrie starts to shake, thinking about how her mother would react on Tommy. She is going to whip me with Daddy Ralph's old balt and call me horrible names... She doesn't notice the worried glances that are send to her by the other people in the room. Tommy:\"Right to the point, huh?\" \"Cool\". \"About the prom\". \"You kind of left me hanging\". Carrie:\"I already told you\". Carrie looks at the cars behind Tommy. The crowd looks with worry at the screen. Tommy:\"I know, but I was hoping that you'd change your mind\". \"Girls change their mind all the time\". Carrie:\"Why are you doing this?\" Tommy:\"Because I want to\". A car that looks a lot like that of Margareth White is behind Tommy. \"Oh no\". Is the thought of almost every single person in the room. Carrie:\"You need to leave\". Rita takes Carrie in her arms and hugs her. \"She can't hurt you\". Says Rita. Rita keeps saying this and feels Carrie relax a bit in her arms. Tommy:\"I'm not leaving until you say yes\". Carrie:\"Why is this so important to you?\" Tommy:\"Because I think that we would have a good time\". \"And because I think that what you read in class was cool\". \"I looked up that book in the library myself\". \"That's the guy who brought the temple down. Samson, right?\" The car that looks like that of Margareth White rides out of the street. Carrie:\"Yes\". \"And now leave before that crazy mother gets back\". Says Romy Wilson. Yes, okay, I'll go. Tommy:\"I have to be back by 10:30\". Carrie:\"Sure, okay. Um...\" Tommy:\" I'll pick you up here at 7:00?\" Carrie:\"Okay\". Tommy walks to his car and leaves. Carrie watches him ride away. The crowd feel their worry go away with. After a few seconds their relief turns in surprise. \"Wait, Carrie is going to prom with Tommy?!\". Says Jessica Upshaw. The students start to whisper with their friends. Here is the entire chapter. I hope you all like it. Till next time![Chapter 19] Chapter 16 The confrontation. The screen shows Carrie looking at some shops. A lot of girls start to giggle and whisper with their friends. \"What is she doing?\" Asks Henry Trennant. Billy Nolan slaps Henry on his head. \"Owwwww!\" \"What was that for!\" Asks Henry Trennant. \"For being a idiot\". Says Billy Nolan. One shop is a dress shop. \"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, now I get it\" Says Henry Trennant. At the same time Vicky Hanscome jumps up and down on her chair. \"Vicky, calm down a bit!\" Warns Mr Hanscome his daughter. Vicky pouts at her father. \"But daddy, she is searching for a prom dress\". Says Vicky Hanscome like it is the most important thing in the world. Vicky turns to Carrie. \"What kind of dress do you want, Carrie?\" Asks Vicky. Hanscome. Carrie looks at the floor. \"I don't know what kind of form I want my dress to be, but I would like a pink dress\". Answers Carrie. \"Do you like pink?\" Asks Vicky Hanscome. \"Yes\". Says Carrie shyly. The other people in the room see an oppertunity to get to know Carrie better. \"What other colors do you like?\" Asks Cindy Young. \"I like green and purple\". Answers Carrie. She walks inside and looks at the dress materials. She touches a soft pink material. \"Why are you standing by the material?\" Asks Lizzy Wilson \"I thought you were going to buy a dress?\" Adds Nicki Wilson. \"I know how to sew, so I think my future self iss going t o make her own prom dress\". Answers Carrie. \"You know how to make an prom dress?!\" Says Jessica Upshaw. \"It's not that much of a surprise\". Chucles Elton Mott. \"Her mother is one of my best sewers\". \"She learned you how to sew, didn't she Carrie?\" Carrie nods. The Ultra's stand outside and see it all happen. \"Lizzy Wilson:\"Cra zy, right? \". \"Tommy Ross and Carrie White\". The screen turns black. The next scene shows Carrie walking down a street. It is dark and it is raining. Carrie walks to her house. Before her house stands Margareth. Carrie looks at the screen with horror, fear and surprise. \"She isn't supposed to be home so early\". Says Carrie. The other people in the room give Carrie sad looks. \"When were you going to ask Mrs White to prom, Mr Ross?\" Asks Elton Mott. \"Tuesday\". Answers Tommy Ross. Elton shares a look with the woman beside him. \"We were going to close the shop earlier on Tuesday this week\". Answers Elton Mott. \"Bad timing, man\". Says Chester Miller. The next scene shows Margareth pushing Carrie inside the house. \"She isn't going to beat Carrie again, is she?\" Whispers Freddy Holt to his mother. \"I don't know sweetheart\". Whispers Mrs Holt back. \"I hope so\" . Margareth: \"Where have you been?\" \"I was worried sick\". \"Come on\". \"Come inside\". Carrie: \"I'm sorry I'm late, Mama\". Margareth: \"Just get inside\". \"Your supper's cold\". \" I'm going to have to heat it up\". \"You know, she doesn't seem so bad right now\". Says Mr Ullman. People from all across the room glare at him. Carrie takes of her jacket. \"I didn't know...\" Margareth looks at Carrie. \"You're immodest\". \"Never mind\". Says Mr Ullman. Margareth takes Carrie's jacket and walks towards the kitchen. \"I didn't know where you were\". Carrie follows Margareth. \"I didn't know\". \"She is almost sixteen years old!\" \"When I was 12 my parents didn't know were I was most of the time\".Says Romy Wilson. \"Yeah, and look how she turned out\". Whispers Mrs Snell to Mrs Watson. Mrs Watson bursts into a fit of laughter. Carrie: \"No, Mama. I took a bus to Main Street and I bought cloth for a dress\". Margareth places Carrie's jacket on a chair in the kitchen. Margareth: \"You are not to go anywhere but to school and back\". Billy Nolan looks slyly at Carrie. \"So, you are not allowed to go anywhere but school and to your house?\". Asks Billy Nolan. Carrie nods. \"But I saw you two days ago at Dominos\". Says Billy Nolan. Carrie becomes red in the face. \"Someone has been a bad girl\". Says Billy Nolan. \"Mr Nolan!\". Says Mrs Martina. \"Stop teasing, Mrs White\". \"It's alright teach\". Says Billy Nolan. \"I am actually proud of her\". The people in the room look pleasently surprised. \"You are?\". Asks Carrie White. \"Of course!\". Says Billy Nolan. \"It takes guts to do that\". Carrie smiles at him. \"Chris can do whatever she wants, but I am not going to drop pigs blood on that girl\". \"You know that\". Margareth puts Carrie's supper in the oven. Carrie: \"Mama, before you say anything else, I've been asked to prom\". \"What?!\" Scream several people. \"Why do you tell her that , Carrie?\". Asks Cindy Yang. Carrie turns to Cindy Yang. \"I can't keep something like that secret\". \"It is better if I tell it her myself, than that she founds it out one way or another\". Answers Carrie. \"Mama, I've been asked to prom\". Margareth looks above her. Margareth:\"Oh, God, why?\" \"It's just prom\". Says Sue Snell. Carrie: \"It's next Saturday and he's a very nice boy\". \"And he'll come and meet you before and he promised to have me home by 10:30\". Margareth shakes her head. Margareth: \"No, no, no\". Norma Watson begins to shake. The image of the furious Margareth White is enough to make her want to hide under her bed. How can Carrie just stand there? Carrie:\" I already accepted\". \"I know this scares you\". \"It scares me, too\". \"The other kids\". \"They think I'm weird\". \"But I don't want to be\". \"I have to try to be a whole person\". Margareth takes Carrie's face in her hands. \"Before it's too late\". The entire room is speechless. Regret and guilt are clear on the faces of many students. It finally sinks in just damaged and insecure Carrie is. And they and Margareth are to blame. Margareth:\"He'll hurt you\". \"My man Tommy?\". \"He wouldn't hurt a fly!\" Says George Dawson. He stands up and walks to Carrie. He takes her hand and kisses it. \"Let stand such a sweet girl\". Says George Dawson. He takes the seat beside. Carrie blushes. \"Thank you\". \"You're really funny\". Says Carrie. Carrie pulls away from her mother. Carrie:\"No, Mama\". \"No, Mama, there are bad people, but not Tommy\". \" Look she gets it!\". Says George Dawson. \"He's good\".\" \"You'll like him\". \"He's a very nice boy\". \"Boys, boys\". \"After the blood, comes the boys sniffing, slobbering like dogs\". \"What?!\". Carrie:\"Stop it, Mama\". Carrie walks away from the kitchen, but her mother follows her. Margareth:\"He's going to paw at you until he finds where that blood smell comes from\". \"He's going to take you, Carrie, in his car out to the wilderness, out where it's cold and the roadhouses are and the whiskey\". People look at shock and disgust at the screen. \"That crazy bi... woman think that...\". Says Mr Hargenson. \"Oh my god\". Says Tina Blake. Carrie looks at Tommy. For the first time she understand what her mother means. Tommy notices that Carrie looks at him. \"Carrie, I would never do that\". \"I am not that type of guy and I have a girlfriend\". Says Tommy Ross. Carrie nods. \"So guys don't expect from their dates that they...\". Says Carrie. People wince. \"Margareth means something else, sweetie\". Says Rita Desjardin. \"I will explain it later\". Carrie:\"Stop being so crazy\". Margareth:\"You tell that boy you're not going\". Carrie:\"No\". \"You have balls, man\". Says Freddie Delois. Margareth:\"We'll move from here\". \"We're never going to stop moving\". \"You're going to go to your closet and you're going to pray\". \"You're going to get in there and you're going to pray for forgiveness\". \"No\". Whimpers Carrie. The rest of the room feel their blood freeze. \"No!\". Screams Carrie. All the lockerdoors jump upon. The people in the room turn around and look at the now open lockers. \"Carrie, it's alright sweetie\". \"She can't hurt you here\". Says Rita Desjardin. Carrie:\"No, never again, Mama!\" All the furniture in the room and Margareth are levitated for a few seconds. \"Holy shit\". Whispers Heather Shrys. \"Mama, stand up\". \"Mama, stand up!\" Carrie levitates her mother from the floor. \"Can you let me fly, like Superman?\". Asks Freddy Holt. \"Freddy!\". Says Mrs Holt. \"Sorry\". Says Freddie Holt. \"Mama, I'm going\". Margareth:\"Witch\". Carrie:\"I'm not a witch, Mama\". \"There are no witches\". \"The devil's got her now\". \"Like he did before\". Carrie closes her eyes. Images of flying bottles and stones flash in her mind. Carrie:\"It's not the devil, Mama\". \"There are other people out there like me who can do what I can do\". Margareth:\"You poor child\". \"Don't you know he's working through you?\" Carrie:\"Mama, it's inherited\". \"It was passed down from Grandma and it skipped you\". \"You know that\". Mr Holt listens carefull. He writes everything in his notebook that he has always with him. Margareth shakes her head. \"Maybe it came from Daddy\". Margareth:\"He gave me a cancer\". \"I thought you were cancer\". The room is deathly quite. People are too shocked to say anything. It is one thing thinking youre child was cancer, but saying it to her? Billy Nolan looks around and sees Carrie barely witholding a sob. \"That bitch is dead!\" Screams Billy Nolan. He stands up and walks to the door. His mind wanders and he sees his father before him. The room seems to wake up and turn to the furieus man. \"Billy\". Says Chris Hargenson. She tries to calm him down, but he pushes her away. \"Parent aren't supposed to say things like that\". Screams Billy. \"You're right mister Nolan, but I still have to ask you to sit and be quite, please\". Says principal Morton. Billy sits down and the crowd continues to watch the movie. Carrie flinches and levitates Margareth more. Carrie:\"That's awful\". \"Don't say that\". Margareth:\"She's lost to me\". Carrie:\"Pray all you want, Mama, but I'm going\". \"And nothing's going to stop me\". \"And I don't want to talk about it anymore\". Carrie releases Margareth. Margareth falls to the floor and cries. The crowd looks at awe and slightly fear at the screen. It finally sinks in of what Carrie is capable of. Hey everyone! It's been a while. 4 months... I was extremely busy the last four months. I work fulltime and I am not always in the mood to write when I am free and I had some major writing block. I also lost many chapters of this story that I was working on, because of my own stupidity. I plan to restore those chapters and finish them. And then finish this story. I want to make clear that I am NOT going to quite this story. Till next time. From Samlem15. Ps what you can expect in the next chapter... Let's just say that it is probably gonna be revealed that Billy was abused by his father. I am sorry for those who want the movie to play further, but I think now is the best time for the characters to take a break. They had a lot to swallow and the real stuff is going to happen from this on.[Chapter 20] Chapter 17 Pigs blood for a pig. Note: The ending of the last chapter has been changed. Read that first. The screen shows Billy, Chris and some of Billy's friend riding in a Billy's car at night They stop in front of a farm. \"What the heck are you doing so late at my farm?\" Asks Irving Henty. \"I don't know old man\". Says Billy Nolan. He looks at the screen and waits till his plan gets revealed in front off all people in Chamberlain. He was in so much f*cking trouble. Billy and his friend take a hammer and other equipment out of the car. Chris:\"What are we doing?\" \"You are trepassing on Mr Henty's land, Mrs Hargenson\". Says agent Geraldine Jones. The teens in question and their parents groan. \"Not so fast Geraldine\". Says agent Maggie Mcgregor. \"We can't arrest them for something they haven't done, yet\". \"What does this have to with Carrie White?\" \"Good question\". Whispers Tina Blake. She doesn't know what her best friend, her boyfriend and said boyfriends friends are planning. And that kinda hurts. She and Chris have been bestfriends for years. The usually tell each other everything. Billy: \"Baby, you said you wanted us to do something about her\". They stand still before a group of pigs. \" What are they doing\". Think the people in the room. Jackie:\"It's a Piggy!\" \"Here, piggy, piggy\". \"Here, piggy, piggy\". Chris:\"It smells like shit in here\". \" That is to be expected on a farm, Chris\". Says Jessica Upshaw. Billy:\"Chris, pick one\". \"Pick one that looks like her\". \"Hey!\" Scream multiple people. \"Sorry\". Says Billy Nolan. \"And what do you mean 'pick'?\". Says Irving Henty. \"Those are my pigs, not yours!\". Most people are too busy watching the shouting contest between Farmer Henty and Billy Nolan and don't notice Carrie. Carrie is looking at her hands and wiggles with her feet. She feels ugly.. She is used to insults, but not 5 minutes ago Billy Nolan had been nice to her. \" Hey Carrie?\" Says Freddie Holt. She turns to him. \"What we are now seeing is future stuff, right?\". Says Freddie Holt She nods. \"I wouldn't put much value in it\". \"The future is changing now\". \"For the better or for worst, I don't know\". \"We just have to see, right?\". She feels herself relaxing and smiles at him. \"Thank you\". She says. Freddie smiles at her. \"I was wondering... when all of this is over..., would you like to hang sometime?\" Asks Freddie Holt. Carrie stares at him with round eyes. \"Carrie?\" \"Are you serieus?\" Asks Carrie. Freddie nods. \"I would like to know you better\". \"I...I...I would love to\". Says Carrie. \"Great!\". Says Freddie Holt. Carrie feels her smiling like a madwomen. \"Somebody has got a new friend\". Whispers RitacDesjardin in her ear. She only beams at Rita. At the same time the shouting between the two men stops and the movie continues. \"Pig's blood for a pig\". \"What do you mean with that, Mr Nolan?\" Says Rita Desjardin. She gives Billy a look that makes many people want to run for their lives. Billy turns to Chris. \"They are going to find out anyone\". \"Just get over with it\". \"Me, Billy and the guys had devised an plan to humilate Carrie on prom night\". Says Chris Hargenson. The entire room is quite. John Hargenson is the first to speak. \"You were planning what?\" \"What was your plan\". Demands principal Morton. \"We were going to drop pigs blood on Carrie after she and Tommy got elected King and Queen of the prom\". Says Chris Hargenson. The people in the room look at the group with horror, disgust and anger. Especially Carrie looks like she is going to throw up. \"Are you sick in your mind?!\". \"Pigsblood...\". \"F*cking b*tch\". \"Spoiled brat\". \"They should lock you up and throw away the key!\". Chris, Billy and his friend just stare at the ground. \"Christine Cecilia Hargenson\". Says John Hargenson. \"Yes daddy?\" Says Chris. \"After this scene is done, we are going to talk\". Chris feels her water turning cold. \"I think that it is a good idea, Mr Hargenson\". Says agent Zack Rigger. \"Principal Morton, could you stop the movie after this scene?\" \"Yes, I can\". Says principal Morton. \"Good\". \"I also think Mrs White and Mrs Desjardin should come\". Says agent Maggie Mcgregor. \"We see who will come with us after this scene\". Says agent Zack Rigger. Chris points at one. Chris:\"That one\". Jackie Talbott walks towards the pigs with a hammer in his hands. Billy:\"Go on\". \"One quick swing, all right?\" Jackie:\"I got this\". \"Oh Jackie...\". Whimpers Mrs Talbott. Mr Talbott takes his wife in his arms and looks at his son. Jackie Talbott pretends he doesn't see them. He rises the hammer above his head. \"Don't worry, little piggy, Uncle Jack is going to bash your head right in\". \"That's animal cruelty!\". Screams Morgan Yang (Cindy's mother and a member of Greenpeach). \"Yeah\". Screams Cindy Yang. \"You're not going to feel one...\". Billy:\"Shut up!\" \"Do it already. Jesus\". Jackie Talbott stops. Jackie\"I can't\". Billy takes away the hammer. Chris:\"God, you guys are such goddamn pussies\". \"Better a pussie than a psychopath\". Says Heather Shrys. Chris turns red. Jackie:\"Shut up!\" \"I'm sorry, Billy\". Billy takes away the hammer from Jackie Talbott and kills the pig. He signals that Chris has to come to him. Chris walks to Billy. Billy gives her a knife and points to the pig. Billy:\"Come on, you got this\". \"All right, it's just one quick slice and...\". Chris slides in the neck of the pig with the knife. Bloods splashes everywhere. Quite some faces turn green at the sight of the blood and dead pig. Norma Watson has to keep herself from throwing up. Jackie:\"Oh, my God\". Billy:\"Good job, baby\". Billy kisses Chris. Billy's friend cheer on the background. \"This scene remind me of a movie I saw once\". Says Chester Miller. \"Now is not the time for that, Chester\". Says George Dawson. \"Okay\". Says Chester Miller. Hello everyone, here is the newest chapter. Hope you like it. It may be a bit short, but there is plenty of conversation between the characters, so I hope that will make up for it. I descided after some thinking that it would be better to let the break take place after this scene. I hope you agree and understand. I don't know if I ever told this, but I live in the Netherlands. The last month has been very exciting. We had here elections. It was madness. A lot of people wondered if we would be the next domino. You know, if we would choose Wilders and have a referendum about Nexit. Maybe you saw something on the news? Anyway, the elections are now done and I can concentrate on writing again. Believe me, I tried to write this chapter 3 weeks ago, but all that I could think about was the elections. So once again I apologise for not posting sooner. Man, this is getting old. The only thing I can say is that I have promised myself to face my problem and work on it. So, is making a timetable a good idea? If some of you have ideas that will help me, please let me know. Love from Samlem 15.[Chapter 21] Dear readers. I am taking a break from writing. My grandma was admitted in the hospital 4 weeks ago and she passed away just last week. I just can't concentrate right now and write new chapters. Once I feel better, I will start again. I am really sorry and I hope you understand. From Samlem15. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Prologue. It was a sunny day in the small town of Chamberlain, Main. The children were a"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Quest for Camelot","Author":"Disneybenderfan92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12455306","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Character bio: Alanna Family: Sir Lionel (father), Lady Juliana (mother), Kayley (younger sister) Allies: Garrett (soon to be love interest), Devon, Cornwall Enemies: Ruber, Griffin, Minions Biography: Alanna is the oldest daughter of Sir Lionel and Lady Juliana and the older sister of Kayley by 2 years.[Chapter 2] I don't have anything against the pairing between Kayley and Garrett, but I wanted to explore something different. Alanna belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. Chapter 1: The Camelot Saga Our story begins with a family of four riding their horses on the shoreline near their house. This is Sir Lionel with his wife, Lady Juliana and two daughters: Alanna and Kayley. Alanna has her mother's looks with her father's eyes while Kayley has auburn-brown hair and amber eyes. Both sisters have dreams to become a knight although Kayley is more outgoing than Alanna. Kayley encouraged her family, \"Come on!\" When they arrived to their destination, Sir Lionel helped Lady Juliana and Alanna off their horses before going to Kayley. She was already standing on the saddle of her horse. Kayley giggled, \"Father!\" She leaped into her father's arms and together they rolled down a sandy bank, laughing. Kayley asked, \"Father, do you and Alanna really have to go?\" Sir Lionel responded, \"I'm afraid we must, Kayley. You know the king's knights will be here soon.\" Alanna asked, \"Can you tell us again why you became a knight?\" Lady Juliana smiled, \"Alanna, you and Kayley have heard it a thousand times.\" Sir Lionel remarked, \"Oh, but it's fine, dear. (Narrating as the story went into flashback after he drew three separate circles) Well, my daughters, before you were born, the land was dark and treacherous. The people stood divided, brother fighting brother. The only hope for peace was in the legend of Excalibur, for it was said that only the true king could pull the magical sword from its stone and unite the people. Many tried, all failed. Then, on the very day Kayley was born, an unexpected hero stepped forth. His name was Arthur, and he was that true king. With Excalibur at his side, (time lapses as Camelot was being built and everyone celebrated) he led us out of the darkness and together we built the greatest kingdom on earth. Everyone rejoiced.\" The flashback ends as Alanna and Kayley dance inside a drawn circle. Kayley giggled in excitement, \"Camelot.\" Sir Lionel further explained, \"And so these three rings represent the unity of our people. As a knight, I took an oath to protect Camelot, King Arthur, and Excalibur.\" Alanna pointed out, \"The knights are here, father.\" Sir Lionel said to Kayley, \"Alanna and I must go now, Kayley. The king has summoned his knights for a special day in Camelot.\" Sir Lionel lifted Alanna up from her horse onto his before passing the reins to Lady Juliana as he kissed her over Kayley's horse. Alanna said, \"We'll be back soon, mother.\" Sir Lionel said, \"Goodbye.\" Kayley said, \"I'm coming with you and Alanna, daddy!\" Sir Lionel said, \"Yes, when you are old enough, Kayley. I will take you to Camelot, I promise. I love you.\" Kayley whispered to herself, \"One day Alanna and I will be knights, like father.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 2: United We Stand Sir Lionel said to his fellow knights, \"Let's go!\" United we stand now and forever in truth, divided we fall Hand upon hand, brother to brother, no one shall be greater than all Three days later, they arrived to Camelot. The drawbridge lowered for them to enter inside. United we stand now and forever in truth, divided we fall Alanna smiles as she passes her friend, a blind boy who is practicing his skills. She met him not that long after she first came to Camelot before he became blind, which is a story for a later time. Hand upon hand, brother to brother, no one shall be greater than all Sir Lionel stopped his horse near the stairway to the castle where King Arthur waits with Merlin. It's been ten years we celebrate all that made our kingdom great liberty and justice for all Sir Lionel dismounted his horse before helping Alanna down. As soon as her feet were on the ground, she headed to the stables, where her friend is while Sir Lionel went with his fellow knights to follow King Arthur. Little did they know that they were followed by another knight, by the name of Ruber, who came out of a secret room. Each of us we now divide for equal shares our countryside promising equality for all we reside! United we stand now and forever in truth, divided we fall Hand upon hand, brother to brother no one shall be greater than all \"Liberty - Justice - Trust (shall be greater than all) Freedom - Peace - Honor (no one greater than all) Goodness - Strength - Valor\" (shall be greater than all)[Chapter 4] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. Chapter 3: Ruber rebels When Ruber slam his shield, surprising everyone, he said, \"ME! Charming sing along. Now let's get down to business. I waited a long time for this day. What about my new land!\" King Arthur remarked, \"Sir Ruber. Always thinking of yourself. As Knights of the Round Table, our obligation is to the people, not to ourselves. The lands will be divided according to each person's needs.\" Ruber retorted, \"Then I need more than everyone. I wouldn't have supported you all these years if I thought you were running a charity.\" Sir Lionel shouted, \"The King has decided!\" Ruber said, \"Then it's time for the new king, and I vote for me.\" Everyone moaned at Ruber's remark. King Arthur scowls, offended. Sir Lionel stands up. Sir Lionel said, gritting his teeth, \"I will not serve a false king.\" Ruber said, \"Then serve... (as he grabbed a mace from under the table) A DEAD ONE !\" He jumped on the table to charge at Arthur. The other knights jumped on the table to defend Arthur. Ruber then swung his mace and knocks Sir Lionel off the table with a hard force. Next, he throws down a knight with his arm and knocks out another one by head-butting him. Arthur gasps and then grabs Excalibur quickly to defend himself. Ruber runs toward Arthur, screaming. Arthur drew out Excalibur at the right time and holds it in front of him. Ruber swung his mace at Excalibur. After the mace came in contact with the blue, Excalibur's magic sends Ruber and his mace flying backwards. Ruber fell to the ground as Arthur glares at him while the sword's magic fades away. Ruber gets up, rubbing his right arm. Ruber shouted as he runs out of the room, \"One day that sword will be in my hand, and ALL WILL BE MINE!\" He closed the doors behind him just as the knights throw several spears at him. Ruber barricades a door before running off in exile as nine spears pierce through the doors briefly. Back in the room, the knights gathered around Sir Lionel who is lying on the floor. One knight asked, \"Lionel?\" The other knight questioned, \"Is he all right?\" The third knight asked, \"Sir Lionel?\" Sir Lionel made no response, for he is dead. Alanna and Garrett, the blind boy from before, were just talking when they heard a commotion going on. After it was over, Alanna suddenly had a bad feeling and it was confirmed when King Arthur approached them. King Arthur knelt in front of her and spoke gently, \"Young one, I'm sorry but your father died saving my life. We are going to return his body to your family. Your mother and sister will need you now more than ever. If you wish, you can ride on the wagon carrying your father's body.\" Alanna couldn't believe what she heard, but she knew that the king would never lie. She felt Garrett taking her hand for comfort and she slightly squeezed back in thanks. Alanna answered in a slight whisper as she let go of Garrett's hand, \"Thank you, your majesty. I would be glad to ride with my father.\" King Arthur nodded, coming back to his feet before escorting her to the wagon that will be carrying Sir Lionel's body. Little did Alanna know that it would be the last time she would see Garrett again. Meanwhile, back at Alanna's home, Kayley is pretending to be a knight on her horse until she heard a horse neighing in the distance. Kayley announced, \"Mother, listen! Father!\" She got off her horse to greet him. She looked ahead when she heard Alanna. Alanna shouted, \"Kayley! Over here!\" That was when she saw Sir Lionel's body being pulled by oxen, Alanna riding next to him. Kayley denied, \"No.\" Later, on a cliff where Sir Lionel's coffin is placed with stone pillars, Alanna wrapped her arms around Kayley as tears ran down both their faces. They watched as Arthur gave their father's dented shield to their mother, who is crying. Arthur consoled, \"Your husband died saving my life and saving Camelot. Lady Juliana, the gates of Camelot will always be open to you. (giving a eulogy) Sir Lionel was my most trusted knight and also my dear, dear friend. We will always remember how he bravely upheld the ideals of Camelot.\" Arthur took out Excalibur and held it in the air, the other knights following in respect for their deceased knight.[Chapter 5] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, I forgot to mention during the \"United We Stand\" chapter, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing Chapter 4: On My Father's Wings Kayley gently moved out of her sister's embrace before running to their father's coffin. She touched the three rings engraved before running to her horse, hugging it as she cries in sadness. If you were with me now I'd find myself in you If you were with me now you're the only one who knew all the things we planned to do Kayley goes over to a pond and one of her tears fell into the pond. As it ripples, the reflection of Kayley changes, transitioning from child to teenager to now a young woman with her hair in a ponytail. I want to live my life the way you said I would with courage as my light fighting for what's right like you made me believe I could Kayley is now sliding down a sandy slope at the beach, drawing a circle in the sand. Then she is hopping on some rocks, remembering when she and Alanna were young girls, playing with their late father. Kayley giggles as Sir Lionel throws her in the air. The flashback ends to Kayley landing on a rock and waves crashing on it. And I will fly on my father's wings to places I have never been There is so much I've never seen and I can feel his heartbeat still and I will do great things on my father's wings Kayley is now back on the farm. Juliana hands her a basket of waste and mud for the pigs. She fed them but in her daydreaming mode, she didn't notice that it landed on the pigs' heads. This world I'll never see my dreams that just won't be this horse's stride with one day's ride will have covered more distance than me Grabbing a pitchfork, she startled a white chicken with red comb and climbed on a fence, jumping on one plank to another until she jumped onto her full-grown horse, riding to a barn. They hit a makeshift scarecrow en route. She throws the pitchfork at the target on the hay pile. The pitchfork hits a rope, which catapults it to an armor, then bounces off it and lands on the target. But I will fly on my father's wings to places I have never been there is so much I've never seen and I can feel his heartbeat still and I will do great things on my father's wings Kayley grabs the pitchfork and puts a large pile of hay into a cow's pen. She then heads over to a wooden door window and opens it. Someday with his spirit to guide me and his memory beside me She climbs on the window ledge, then jumping on a wooden plank, sending the white chicken from earlier flying. I will be free to fly on my father's wings Kayley grabs the soup's lid and spoon from a barrel to feed an oxen. The chicken lands in the barrel of soup. to places I have never been There is so much I've never seen Kayley does air-fighting with a spoon and finally feeds the oxen, tossing the lid away which hits the chicken by accident. And I can feel his heartbeat still and I will do great things on my father's wings On my father's wings She then runs up a hill next to the house and onto a stone ledge where she runs with her arms wide open and stops at the end. She then comes down from the ledge. Juliana and Alanna, who is now a young woman with her hair in a braid, smile and Kayley go to her mother and sister and they went inside. Meanwhile, with the chicken, he was lying down, being comforted by the other chickens until a female chicken arrives. The other chickens ran for cover. The white chicken tries to explain, but she grabs his wing and disciplines him.[Chapter 6] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing. My hope is to have the story complete before or exactly on May 15th when the movie premiered but no promises. Chapter 5: The Griffin attacks/Excalibur lost It's nighttime at Camelot. Outside the room, the magic stone's rings still glowed. King Arthur is having a meeting with his knights. He said, \"In the ten years since Sir Lionel's death, equality and freedom have spread throughout the lands. Excalibur has given us the strength to stand together against all injustice.\" The knights applauded in agreement. King Arthur continued, \"Camelot has prospered beyond our greatest dreams-\" However he was interrupted when a loud thunderous noise came from above. It was a Griffin. The Griffin broke through the roof and landed on the round table as his wings extinguished the torches, sending the room nearly into darkness. The knights drew their swords ready. One of the knights commented, \"It's a Griffin!\" The Griffin growls menacingly as King Arthur slowly reached for Excalibur with his hand but before he could touch the sword, the Griffin grabs it in its belt and scabbard with his beak, breaking Arthur's chair and slashing his arm which wounded Arthur in the progress. The Griffin flies up from the round table as other knights start to charge and throw spears at the Griffin. The second knight shouted, \"It's taken Excalibur!\" The third knight exclaimed, \"Arthur is wounded!\" King Arthur groaned, \"Never mind me! Find Merlin and go after the sword!\" The Griffin breaks out of the tower, destroying the entire roof, causing the guards to notice and shoot flaming arrows at the Griffin to no avail. The Griffin flew over the borders and the moat. The guard shouted, \"Send word across the land: Excalibur's been stolen!\" The guard on the tower blew the horn as the drawbridge lowered and the knights ride out to get Excalibur back. On the tower, Merlin arrived. Merlin exclaimed, \"Silver Wings, protect the sword!\" Meanwhile, as the Griffin was flying above the Forbidden Forest with Excalibur in his talons, a glint of silver appeared in the sky and attacked the Griffin. This is Ayden, the silver-winged falcon. He swooped away and attacked the Griffin again, causing him to drop Excalibur in the forest below. The Griffin dives down to try and retrieve the sword as it's falling. Excalibur breaks through the thorns. The Griffin screeched as thorn hands are emerging out through the thorns, trying to grab the Griffin. The Griffin flies away but then has to swoop back to regain Excalibur. The thorn hands grabbed his wings but his tail avoided them. As the Griffin bites on the thorn hands, more appear to grab him. Ayden watches as the Griffin escapes and flies away. Ayden flies down into the thorns, his wing glints.[Chapter 7] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing. Chapter 6: Where's the glory? Meanwhile, the horn continues to blow throughout the land. At a farm, a nearby farmer was harvesting grain when he heard the horn. He announced, \"Excalibur! It's been stolen!\" At Kayley's farm, she was collecting eggs when she heard the call. She gasped and runs into the house. After Kayley explained the situation, Lady Juliana said, \"No! Absolutely not!\" Kayley protested, \"But mother, Excalibur is missing. I must go after it.\" Lady Juliana commented, \"That's a job for knights, not for a young girl.\" She was holding two white dresses that the seamstress has been making. Alanna is holding still for the seamstress to measure before she moved on to Kayley. Kayley objected, \"But I want to be a knight, going on grand adventures, (air sword fighting) fighting evil, (moving around so much it was hard for the seamstress to measure her in comparison of size for the sisters) rescuing damsels in distress. What is a damsel, anyway?\" Alanna responds to her question as she put on her white dress before helping her mother, \"A damsel is a young unmarried woman like the two of us.\" Lady Juliana said, putting the other white dress over Kayley with Alanna and the seamstress's help, \"Now, Kayley, Kayley, stand still and try on your new dress.\" Kayley complained, \"Mother, I don't want a new dress. I want to save Camelot. If you'd just let me, I know I'd find Excalibur all on my own.\" Alanna said, remembering how the knights looked out for each other during training whenever she visited Camelot, \"Kayley, the knights will find the sword and they'll do it by working together.\" Kayley commented while taking Sir Lionel's shield from a servant who was going to clean it, \"While I work here doing the chores, fetching the eggs, (returning the shield to the servant) taking care of the house! Boring! Where's the glory in that?\" Lady Juliana reasoned, placing her hands on Kayley's shouder, and then placing one hand on her cheek, \"Kayley, one day you'll learn what Camelot means. Till then, you'll stay here with me.\" Kayley escapes from her mother's embrace. Kayley relented, \"Oh, all right!\" She takes off the dress and runs off to her room. Lady Juliana sighs and then looks at a framed tapestry of herself, Sir Lionel, Alanna, and Kayley. Lady Juliana asked, \"What would you do?\" Alanna places a comforting hand on her shoulder, her other arm smoothly holding the white dress she had taken off.[Chapter 8] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing. Chapter 7: Invaded by Ruber Kayley is outside, collecting the eggs while the white rooster tries to flirt with the other chickens. The female chicken sees him angrily. She heads over to the rooster and stomps on his talon before smacking him, sending him flying to Kayley who was going to see what's going on. She looks at the rooster with a depressed look. Kayley asked herself as she begins collecting the eggs and putting them in the basket, \"How am I ever going to do great things if I'm stuck here with these silly chickens?\" A shadow appeared on a wall. The chicken shrieks and Kayley gasps, dropping one of the eggs she's holding. Inside the house, flaming arrows shoot through the windows. A large flame breaks the doors down. One of the arrows landed on the table, scaring Juliana, Alanna and the servants. Then several barbaric men charge through the doorway. Juliana gasps as a man in red armor with a horned on his head enters through the doorway. The man said from inside his helmet, \"Knock, knock?\" Alanna demanded, standing next to her mother, ready to protect her if necessary, \"Who... Who are you?\" The man removed his helmet, revealing to be Ruber. Juliana gasped, \"Ruber!\" Ruber said, \"Juliana. I was in the neighborhood and I thought I'd invade. How about a little kiss? (placing a hand on Juliana's chin) I hear you're still single...\" Juliana shouted disgustedly, slapping Ruber's hand away from her chin, \"Impertinent pig!\" Ruber asked, \"Is that a no?\" Alanna bravely stated, \"We demand you leave immediately!\" Ruber mockingly said, \"So rude. And after all I came all this way just to see your mother.\" Juliana questioned, \"What do you want?\" Ruber replied, \"Camelot.\" Let's go back to war and violence I'm so bored with peace and A servant shakes a cup in fear before dropping it. Ruber shouted, \"SILENCE!\" The servant protects his family, who are terrified. Knights of evil filled with fear Ruber grabs Sir Lionel's shield from above the mantelpiece. Your worst dream that's my idea of fun He flings the shield across the table. Alanna grabs it before it crashes. Alanna exclaimed, \"You're mad!\" Ruber commented, \"I'm glad you noticed! I've been working at it for years!\" Let darkness find its sad ways Let's go back to good old bad days No more foolish acts of kindness He stamps his foot on the table, making a sword on the end of the table fly across the room. He catches it. Arthur and his kingdom will be mine Ruber said, using the sword to cut out a section of the tapestry depicting Kayley, \"And pretty Juliana... you're going to help me.\" Juliana said, \"I would sooner die!\" Ruber pulled the torn section of the tapestry which depicts Kayley, holding it up to block the door. Ruber retorted, \"I think you'll find you won't be able to RESIST!\" He used the sword to decapitate Kayley's head in tapestry, revealing that Kayley has been captured by his men. Juliana gasps in shock and Alanna's eyes widened in fear. Kayley is dragged across the room. Kayley shouted, \"Mother!\" Ruber laughs, giving the sword to one of his men as Kayley is thrown down on the floor in front of him. Alanna yelled from her place where the men held her, \"Kayley!\" Juliana shouted, \"Don't you dare harm her!\" Ruber smirks and turns around. Kayley quickly grabs the mace from one of his men. Ruber said, \"Follow my plan...\" Kayley tries to strike him with the mace but he grabs it before it could hit him and he moves it around with his hand. Ruber continued, \"And she won't be hurt.\" They moved to outside the house with Ruber standing in front of the well. Ruber exclaimed, \"Years from now, no one will bother to recall your good King Arthur because all of this will be mine! This will all be mine!\" The servants cowered in fear. I have a plan it includes you You, Juliana, will lead me to Camelot where I will claim all that is mine In the back of your wagons, my men will all hide You'll sit up front as the gates open wide Now watch me create my mechanical army with pride One of the men presented him with a box. Ruber grabs a green glowing liquid potion labelled \"ACME\". With this potion I bought from some witches He grabs the rooster from the chicken. He puts a drop on the chicken before putting a few more drops into the well. A drop on this chicken and watch as it switches into a weapon that I can use at will Ruber places the potion in one of his armor plates and grabs an axe that was thrown at him before hurling both it and the chicken into the well. Now this chicken can kill The powerful blast of steam and smoke rises so fast it spooked Alanna, Kayley, and Juliana. Ruber cackles as the rooster is now an axe-chicken hybrid. Tada! Behold, um, Bladebeak! Bladebeak lands, feeling his new look. Ruber walks around the well, humming. Stand right up and enter quickly He kicks a henchman into the well, throwing two chain maces with him. One powerful blast and steam and out appears the mace-wielding henchman hybrid. I'll transform the meek and sickly into iron men with hands of steel Ruber's men made a line to be changed into various weapons-merged hybrids. One of Ruber's thugs places a pile of weapons next to him. Yes, yes, into the water quickly Now, go you fools Next stand up straight now Move it along One of Ruber's thugs shows him a fork. No, no, no, no, no, no, that's no good Ruber snatches the fork from him and hands him a crossbow before shoving him into the well. The thug jumps out in his new form with a cannon for his hand that shoots arrows. Prepare for the dawning of a new age Two of Ruber's men, who were holding Alanna and Kayley, lets them go and runs to the well. The Ruberian age Year one The newly formed thug hold Juliana as Kayley and Alanna hide to prevent being spotted. Juliana whispered, \"Go to Camelot. Warn Arthur.\" Kayley whispered back, \"We won't leave you here.\" Juliana informed, \"Kayley, Alanna, Ruber will be in Camelot in three days. Take the main road. Get there before us.\" Alanna started to protest, \"But mother...\" Juliana firmly said, \"Go while you have the chance. Go, children. You're our only hope.\" Kayley and Alanna go through the hole of the wall. Juliana whispered, \"Be careful, dears.\" By now, everyone, except the one holding Juliana, have been turned into their new form, dancing around the well. Ruber cackles evilly. Only one will be revered worshipped, hated, loved, and feared Bladebeak joins in the dance around the well in a weird fashion. I just like to say a few words I, ME, MINE You are mistaken if you believe Ruber was someone who'd crumble and leave Now I'm back and I'm staying this time! Ruber jumps from the stacks of crates and lands in front of the well. I told you once I told you twice Everything you see before you Every last bit of it Will Be Mine Now The three interlocked rings formed behind Ruber and his iron army. They then turn into snakes and disappear into streaks of stream. Ruber laughs maniacally.[Chapter 9] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing. Chapter 8: Sword hunt/Forbidden Forest/Garrett While the iron army started packing things into the wagons, Ruber announced as he climbs the slope up to the stone ledge, \"To the wagons! Next stop: Camelot!\" One of the henchmen grabs the female chicken before placing her in a small cage. Alanna and Kayley were sneaking away quietly when they saw the Griffin flies up the stone ledge. They hid so they won't get spotted and they heard the following conversation. Ruber said, \"My faithful pet. How was the flight? Panic sweeps across the land.\" The Griffin agreed, \"Precisely.\" Ruber continued, \"My plan is perfect.\" The Griffin repeated, \"Precisely.\" Ruber mentioned, \"Without the sword, Arthur is vulnerable.\" The Griffin repeated again, \"Precisely.\" Ruber finished, \"And now Excalibur is mine.\" The Griffin grunted, \"Here's where we enter a gray area.\" After hearing this, Ruber grabs the Griffin by the ruff of his neck, which made him groan in pain. Ruber asked, \"Excuse me? You lost Excalibur? How?\" Alanna and Kayley climb up some stones to listen more of the conversation carefully without being seen. The Griffin answered, \"I was attacked by a falcon.\" Ruber remarked, \"What? My magnificent beast outmatched by a puny, little pigeon?\" The Griffin corrected, \"It wasn't a pigeon. It was a falcon with silver wings.\" A falcon with silver wings? Alanna thought. He must mean Ayden. I wonder what he's doing so far from Camelot. Ruber mocked sarcastically, \"Silver wings? Ooh, scary. (grabbing the Griffin by the ear) You stupid animal! (fixing his hair back up) Where is the sword now?\" The Griffin cryptically replied, \"In a place of untold danger.\" Ruber assumed, \"The Forbidden Forest.\" Alanna and Kayley looked at each other, nodding in agreement, before quietly heading to the barn. The Griffin answered, \"Precisely, Master.\" Ruber said, running his finger along the Griffin's beak to the top of his head, \"Have I told you today how magnificently and totally worth...LESS YOU ARE?!\" He strips a feather of the Griffin's eyebrow, which causes the Griffin to screech in pain. Ruber commented, walking away in annoyance, \"Excalibur is the one thing that can keep me from my conquest of Camelot!\" Then Ruber suddenly heard a pair of horses neighing from the distance. He turned to see Alanna and Kayley riding off towards the gate of their farm. Ruber screamed, \"OH! THE-THE GIRLS!\" He turned to his 'clumsy' army. Ruber commanded, \"You! You! And you, Fancy Feet! After her! And bring her back! (to the Griffin, grabbing hold of his head) And you... you are going to lead me to Excalibur!\" Alanna and Kayley charge through the gate and ride off on the stone path. Juliana, being put into the wagon by Ruber's men, watched Kayley and Alanna riding off into the distance. I pray you'll be my eyes and watch them where they go and help them to be wise and help me to let go Alanna and Kayley arrived to the crossroad where one direction says \"Camelot\" and the other \"Forbidden Forest\". They turn to see Ruber's men riding on boars chasing after them. Then they rode down the path going to the Forbidden Forest. Every mother's prayer Every child knows The arrow-shooting thug fires several arrows at Kayley and Alanna but they dodged each arrow. The arrows hit an old tree which collapses, blocking their path. Lead them to a place Guide them with your grace Give them faith so they'll be safe Kayley and Alanna go around the tree into a shallow river. The thugs followed them. Lead them to a place Guide them with your grace to a place where they'll be safe They stopped at the edge of the forest. Frightened by the fog forming into a mouth, the horse accidentally made Kayley fall off. Alanna jumped off her horse to help Kayley up. The horses ran away, scared as the thugs arrived. Kayley said, \"The Forbidden Forest.\" They headed into the forest, the thugs following them. Bladebeak asked, \"We're not going in there, are we?\" The Arrow Thug commented, \"Chicken.\" Kayley and Alanna were running in the forest, encountering a few branches. One of the branches undid Kayley's ponytail tie, which made her hair go loose. The thugs smash their way through the branches. They come to a rocky ledge, but continued running when they saw the mace-wielding thug after them. They jumped over a few ledges, but as they were looking back to see if they lost the henchmen, they tripped over a root and fell off a cliff. Fortunately, they landed into the pond unharmed. Kayley emerged from the pond coughing, Alanna following except Alanna wasn't tangled by a net. She headed over to help Kayley get out of the net. A voice shouted, \"HEY!\" Alanna turned to the source of the voice, which was a young man. She swore he looked familiar to her. She didn't know then, but the young man is Garrett. Garrett said, \"That's my net.\" Alanna was about to explain the situation but then the thugs landed into the water. Garrett looks around, knowing there was trouble. The Arrow-thug grabs Bladebeak and throws it at him, but Garrett dodged at the right time from Ayden's screech. Garrett uses his staff to whack the thugs. The mace-wielding thug emerged to attack behind but Garrett hits him in the crotch before lifting him up where a tongue from a rock-stump creature wraps around him and swallows him. Alanna and Kayley gasped as the creature belches. Ayden flies down to help Garrett, who was holding his staff ready. At Ayden's signal, Garrett whacks a vine where Ayden was. Before the thug could do anything about it, a hanging log hits him into a whirlpool where it closes and left with gurgling noises. Garrett smirked in victory. Alanna finally helped Kayley free from the net. Kayley complimented, \"That was incredible! How you smashed those creatures! How you... you avoided that... that thing! You're amazing! You're-\" She noticed that Garrett was not listening, focusing on examining his net. Kayley muttered, \"Not even listening to me.\" Garrett complained as he gets the fish that he caught in the undamaged part of the net, \"Great! Took me six weeks to make this net.\" Alanna apologized with a hint of gratitude, \"I'm sorry about your net, but thank you for saving our lives.\" Garrett shrugged, \"Well, everyone can make a mistake.\" The fish he was holding in his grip slipped out and landed back into the water. Kayley chuckled, \"Oh, I get it. This is where King Arthur sends his unfunny jesters, right?\" Alanna chastised, \"Kayley!\" Garrett chuckled before becoming serious, \"And now I'll thank you.\" Kayley asked, \"For what?\" Garrett replied, \"For reminding me why I'm a hermit! Good day!\" He drops the net and begins to walk away. Ayden watches from a branch. Kayley said, \"But wait. What's your name?\" Garrett answered, \"It's Garrett.\" Alanna gasped in shock and realization. That's why he looked familiar. Alanna thought. I haven't seen him in ten years and this is where he's been living. Kayley introduced, \"I'm Kayley and this is Alanna.\" Garrett stopped in shock. Alanna walked up to him and stood in front of him, placing one hand on his, wondering if it would help him remember when was the last time they saw each other. Kayley seemed confused on how Alanna and Garrett knew each other. Alanna said, subtly trying to tell Kayley why Garrett's not looking at her, \"I would like to say it's good to see you again, Garrett, but I seemed to have forgotten that you were...\" Garrett asked, \"What? Tall? Rugged? Handsome?\" Alanna remarked, \"Blind.\" Kayley looked astonished at the comment. Garrett chuckled before saying sarcastically, \"You know I always forget that one.\" Alanna smiled, chuckling while Kayley sighed in annoyance. They didn't noticed that Bladebeak was following them. Bladebeak hide behind a bush, but it moved. Bladebeak commented, \"Ah! Moving bush! Woo!\"[Chapter 10] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing. Chapter 9: I Stand All Alone/Searchers Ayden tries to tell Garrett something by chirping. Garrett said, \"Not now, Ayden.\" Alanna said as he landed on her arm, \"Hello, Ayden. It's good to see you again.\" Kayley commented, \"Hey look! Your falcon has silver wings.\" Garrett remarked sarcastically, \"Really? I'll have to take your word for that.\" Kayley corrected herself, \"Oh no, I'm sorry. It means he knows where Excalibur is.\" Garrett said, \"Sure he does. In Camelot. You know: big castle, lots of flags.\" Alanna said as Ayden flew off her arm, \"Not anymore. It's somewhere in the forest. Ruber has stolen it and he's taken our mother hostage.\" Kayley added, \"That's why we're here. We must find the sword and return it to Arthur or Camelot and our mother are doomed.\" Ayden lands on Garrett and chirps to him about Excalibur. Garrett asked, \"Excalibur is here? Right. We're going after it!\" Alanna asked, having a good feeling that he didn't include herself and Kayley in that comment, \"And by 'we', you mean you and Ayden?\" Garrett answered, \"That's right. We work alone. Although you can come along, Alanna.\" Kayley doesn't look amused as Alanna went to stand next to Garrett. She said, \"Well, I don't see any reason why I can't come along.\" I know the sound of each rock and stone and I embrace what others fear He taps the stone that they're on with his staff which raises and lift them up towards a cliff. you are not to roam in this forgotten place Kayley climbs up after them. just the likes of me are welcome here Everything breathes Garrett and Alanna walk up a fallen tree to a waterfall. and I know each breath for me it means life Kayley manages to get herself on the ledge and follow her sister and Garrett. for others it's death Behind them, Bladebeak raises his head behind a rock with a bush on his head. it's perfectly balanced Garett opens up the waterfall with his staff. perfectly planned more than enough for this man Kayley looked curious on how the waterfall managed to stay open a gap in mid-air. Then the waterfall closes on her. Garrett and Alanna are now standing next to a giant tree. Like every tree stands on its own reaching for the sky I stand alone I share my world with no one else all by myself, I stand alone They made their way through giant tree roots, Kayley following behind. Bladebeak watches from a distance as Garrett vocals to make the leaf creatures fly around him and Alanna. I've seen your world with these very eyes don't come any closer don't even try Bladebeak climbs along the branches, but one branch moved sharply, causing him to fall. I've felt all the pain and heard all the lies Garrett and Alanna made it through several tongue plants but Kayley was having trouble due to their whipping their tongues at her. but in my world there's no compromise Garrett and Alanna approach a lake where water fountains rises and each one lifted Garrett first, Alanna following step by step and one by one until they got on a ledge. Kayley followed, but having troubles with the fountains. Like every tree stands on its own reaching for the sky I stand alone They landed on a tree stump that formed legs and transports them to a slope which they slide down to a giant flower forest. I share my world with no one else Garrett holds one flower which lifts him up like a helicopter, Alanna following his example. all by myself, I stand alone Kayley finds a yellow flower, but it shrinks down. She finally finds a helicopter flower and grabs hold of it from the bottom. All by myself, I stand alone The flowers transport Garrett and Alanna to a tall giant rock surface. Meanwhile the flower Kayley was holding onto flies straight into a tree, which forced Kayley to climb all the way up the rock. All by myself, I stand alone Ayden lands on Garrett's hand. Kayley finally caught up with Garrett and Alanna by Alanna helping her to her feet. Kayley said, \"I stand alone, too.\" Ayden lands on Kayley's shoulder. Garrett said, \"Ayden.\" Alanna said, gently stroking Ayden's head, \"We need your help because no one knows the forest like you do, Garrett. Please.\" Garrett relented, \"All right, all right! But don't give me any trouble!\" Later on, at another part of the forest, Garrett gets himself dumped with purple sticky liquid. Garrett complained as he gets the liquid off his head, \"It's a fine mess you've gotten us into, Ayden.\" Kayley said, as she touches the flowers causing them to squirt out purple liquid, \"Hey, this isn't so bad.\" She steps on a patch of grass which forms a mouth but Garrett whacks it on the head. The thin thorn branches uncurl behind Kayley. Ayden warns Garrett who whacks them with his staff. Kayley commented, \"I don't know why you made such a fuss. I've had a tougher time collecting eggs!\" Alanna grabs a rock and throws it to a giant green flytrap creature who was behind an unaware Kayley. Garrett muttered to himself, \"Trouble, trouble, trouble. With a capital T!\" Meanwhile, back at the pond where Kayley, Garrett, and Alanna met, the whirlpool spat out the arrow-shooting thug and the stump spat out the mace-wielding thug. At the other part, with Ruber and his men, they and the Griffin were looking around. Ruber shouted as he grabs the Griffin and lets go of him, \"You wretched mythological moron! Where did you drop the sword?!\" The Griffin took out his monocle and looks around. The Griffin commented, \"It all looks so different from down here.\" Having enough, Ruber grabs the Griffin and throws the monocle away. Then Bladebeak arrives, jumping down the hill and landing into the mud puddle. Ruber commanded, \"You! Report!\" Bladebeak reported, \"The girls and the blind warrior are following a silver-winged falcon who knows where Excalibur is.\" This made Ruber grin. Ruber said to himself, \"They'll lead us right to it. (announcing to his men, motioning them to follow him) We're going after them!\" After Bladebeak manages to get some mud off of him, Ruber steps into the puddle, splattering Bladebeak with mud again. The eyeball creatures pop up and look at Bladebeak. Bladebeak asked, \"You're looking at me? You're... looking at me?\" He turns around briefly before turning back round suddenly, scaring the eyeball creatures into hiding back into their holes. Meanwhile, at Camelot, the knights returned with news that the sword is nowhere to be found. In the courtyard, the thorn vines grew on the stone which has the glowing ring to slowly fade away. In the round table room, the knights are fixing the roof. One of the knights shouted, \"Come on, men! We must repair this tower!\" In Arthur's bedroom, Merlin was tending to Arthur's arm. Arthur asked, \"Merlin, is there any news? Has the knights found Excalibur?\" Merlin replied, \"I'm afraid not.\" Arthur said, \"Then I'll go after it myself.\" He starts to get up but he collapses. Merlin catches him in time. Merlin refused, \"No. You'll have to regain your strength.\" Arthur questioned, \"Is there anything your magic can do?\" Merlin commented, \"You must rely on the courage of your people.\"[Chapter 11] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing. Chapter 10: Dragon Country/Devon and Cornwall/Fiery attack Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett continues walking through the Forbidden Forest. They didn't know that Ruber and his men had followed them. They made their way through the yellow fog. Garrett got down on one knee and sniffed the air. Kayley asked, \"Have you got a cold?\" Garrett shushed, \"Shh!\" Ayden landed on a tree stump, which suddenly collapsed. Kayley inquired, \"What is it?\" Alanna said, sniffing the air, \"I think we're in Dragon Country.\" She looked at Garrett who nodded in confirmation. Kayley said, \"Oh. (sniffing the air) Right.\" As they walked through Dragon Country, yellow and green geysers come shooting out. Kayley commented, \"Are you sure this is Dragon Country? Shouldn't there be a sign or something? Hey, it could say 'Welcome to Dragon County'. You don't think we see any, do you? (entering the gorge filled with skeletons, carcasses, eggs, and geysers) Is a group of dragons a pack or a flock? Is it a gaggle or pride? Is it a herd...\" Garrett commanded, putting his hand out, \"Quiet!\" Alanna asked, \"What? Did you hear something?\" Garrett answered, \"No. I just wanted her to be quiet.\" Alanna shook her head in mild amusement while Kayley looked annoyed. They continue walking down until something dropped in front of Kayley, making her jump back. Kayley looked up to see what caused it. She looks around cautiously and slowly backs away until her right foot steps on an egg. Alanna continued to follow Garrett, unaware of what was going on with Kayley. Kayley manages to shake the slime off her foot before hearing growling noises, making her look around. Garrett and Alanna were nowhere in sight. Kayley shouted, \"Garrett! Alanna! Where are you!\" She runs to find cover after seeing a shadow of a dragon, but when her back was turned, one pair of hands reach out and pulled her in the eggshell while the one from the other pair covers her mouth to cover her scream. The one who grabbed her was Garrett and the one who quieted her was Alanna. They slowly looked out of the eggshell to see if it's all clear. Then Kayley spotted something on the wall. She gasped, \"Dragons!\" The tall-headed dragon on the shadow asked, \"Where? I don't see any dragons!\" Kayley and Alanna turned to see a tall dragon's head and a short dragon's head next to them, Kayley screamed while Alanna gasped. Kayley fell backwards, breaking the eggshell they were in while the tall-headed dragon screams, lowering himself back inside the other half of the shell. Alanna commented, \"Wait a minute. You're dragons.\" The tall-headed dragon said, \"Oh, heavens! Someone's found our hiding place!\" The short-headed dragon commanded, \"Shut up, cricket ball! Let me handle this. We are dragons! Ferocious hungry dragons! So go away before we eat you!\" Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley look at each other confused as the voice made a shadow puppet on the wall, depicting a monster's mouth which is not very effective. The tall-headed dragon remarked sarcastically, \"Good show, Corny. That is clever. (tapping the hand) Here, let me have a go.\" He makes a shadow puppet of bunny as he hums. The short-headed commented sarcastically, \"Oh great! The bunny of death! They're always cringing in fear.\" He grabs the other hand and they start fighting. While they were fighting, Garrett approached the eggshell and raps his staff several times, making the dragons stop what they were doing and raise their heads out of the eggshell. The tall-headed dragon begged, \"Please don't hurt us!\" Garrett scoffed, \"And I thought you were ferocious dragons.\" The short-headed dragon corrected, \"Well, not exactly. The real ferocious ones were the most fire-breathing bullies out there.\" The tall-headed dragon agreed, \"Yes! They're always picking on us, calling us names, pushing us around! I hate them!\" Garrett poked what seems to be the dragon's body with his staff. The short-headed dragon said, pushing the staff away, \"Hey hey! Easy with the stick, buddy.\" Garrett asked, \"What are you?\" The tall-headed remarked, \"Well, frankly we're the reasons cousins shouldn't marry.\" As they get up, they break down the eggshell, revealing that they are an conjoined dragons. Kayley looked speechless while Alanna looked dumbfounded. The tall-headed introduced, \"Oh. Enchanté, mademoiselles. I'm Devon and this growth on my neck is Cornwall.\" The short-headed dragon, now named Cornwall, added, grabbing Kayley's hand, \"But you can call me 'Corny' for short.\" Kayley giggled as Alanna's dumbfounded look turns into a small smile. Devon retorted, \"Yes, short on wits, manners, and charm. Everything I hold dear.\" Cornwall responded, grabbing Devon's nose, \"How 'bout holding your breath?\" Garrett said, \"Come on, girls. Let's go.\" They turn and began heading on. Cornwall asked, letting go of Devon's nose, \"Hey, hey! Where are you going?\" Alanna answered, \"To save Camelot.\" Devon exclaimed, \"Camelot! The restaurants, the theaters!\" Cornwall added, \"The waitresses, the actresses.\" Devon continued, \"The dragons.\" Then a dragon's roar was heard. Devon and Cornwall shouted, \"The dragons?!\" Suddenly, Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley saw something as they started running. The creature reveals itself to be a gigantic fire-breathing dragon. It blasts fire at Devon and Cornwall, making them shout in pain. As they run off, they get blasted a few times. When they caught up with Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett, Kayley sees a lake of acid with floating dragon eggs. Kayley asked, \"Wait! What is it?\" Devon and Cornwall crossed the acid lake by hopping on the floating eggs. Devon reassured, \"Don't worry. It's perfectly safe.\" Garrett, Alanna, and Kayley stop at the edge of the lake. He pokes his staff in the acid lake, which burns the staff's tip. Garrett asked, \"Safe?\" He breaks off the charred part of the staff as Kayley gets to the other side. Cornwall added as he and Devon jumped on two eggs and nearly losing their balance, \"As long as you don't step in it.\" Alanna said, \"Even with Ayden's help, you may not be able to cross the lake by yourself. Do you trust me enough to let me carry you across? Even if you don't, there's no time to argue.\" Garrett responded, \"I wasn't going to argue. I was going to say I trust you, Alanna.\" Alanna briefly smiled before lifting Garrett on her shoulders. She carefully began to hop on the eggs. Meanwhile, the dragon reappears with a comrade as they fly toward our heroes. Alanna nearly slips as Garrett begged, \"Ayden!\" Ayden helped Alanna catch her balance before hopping to another egg. Kayley encouraged, \"Alanna, hurry!\" Alanna retorted, \"You think this is easy?\" As she jumps to another egg, another dragon emerges from the acid creek and breathes fire. It leaps and causes a wave of acid, allowing Alanna carrying Garrett to get to the other side. Kayley helped Garrett back on his feet before doing the same to Alanna. What they didn't realize at the time was Alanna had scratched her palm while trying to stop her fall. The third dragon emerged from the acid lake with its two comrades. As they chase Kayley, Alanna, Garrett, Devon and Cornwall, they breathe fire on the trail, which explosively blows up parts of the ground, but they managed to jump away from the fiery breaths. Cornwall said, seeing something, \"Yikes! It's another dragon!\" The winged creature emerged from the fog, revealing himself to be the Griffin. Alanna corrected, \"That's not a dragon. It's a griffin!\" Ruber and four of his minions emerged from the fog. Kayley added, \"And Ruber! They've found us!\" Cornwall directed, \"Down here!\" Devon and Cornwall jump in a wormhole, Kayley, Alanna, Ayden, and Garrett following. As Ruber and his men stop to see them gone, Ruber turns to see the dragons. They land wildly on their feet as they roar at the villains while they prepare for combat. One dragon sees Ruber, who throws his sword, slowly backing up on the wall and remains still. As the dragon approaches him, it opens its mouth to reveal sharp teeth and green saliva. Ruber, rolling his eyes in annoyance and knowing he is wasting his time, violently punches the dragon very hard, causing it to breathe fire in pain.[Chapter 12] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Ruber/Garrett/Cornwall singing, bold represent Kayley/Lady Juliana/Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna, underline represent Devon singing, bold/underline represent Devon/Cornwall singing. This chapter is dedicated to Don Rickles who voiced Cornwall born today in 1926 and died last month on the 6th. Chapter 10: If I Didn't Have You/Leaving Dragon Country Meanwhile, Kayley, Alanna, Garrett, Ayden, and the two dragons were sliding down the wormhole. When Devon and Cornwall got out, they accidentally landed on a sharp stalactite. Kayley, Alanna, and Ayden got out next. While no one was looking, Alanna took the time to take a knife hiding in her boot to tear a strip of cloth from her shirt to wrap around her injured palm. Kayley gets up, but Garrett falls on her. Alanna asked, finished wrapping her palm, \"Are you sure we're safe down here?\" Cornwall answered, pulling the stalactite off of their rear end, \"It's a lot safer down here than it is up there.\" Devon informed, \"We know all the best escape routes.\" Cornwall added, throwing the stalactite away, \"We've been dodging those bullies since we were 200 years old.\" The stalactite hits Garrett by accident, knocking him down. Devon asked, \"Were we ever that young?\" Cornwall stated, \"Of course we were, you moron!\" Devon objected, \"I'm not a moron!\" Cornwall retorted, \"Yes, you are!\" Devon repeated, \"No, I'm NOT!\" Garrett commented, Alanna helping him to his feet, \"With all that bickering, I'm surprised you haven't fried each other.\" Devon asked, \"'Fried'? We can't even simmer.\" He tries to breathe fire, but coughs out a smoke ring instead. Cornwall added, \"Yeah, you see: unlike most dragons, he can't breathe fire or fly. Hmm, sad really.\" Devon corrected, \"Oh excusez-moi, Mr. Self-Denial, but WE can't breathe fire or fly.\" Cornwall remarked, \"Only cause you're holding me back. If I didn't have you, I do a lot of things.\" As Cornwall spoke, a bubble forms from the lava pit which then splits into two containing Devon and Cornwall separately in each bubble. I'd be rocking with the dinos Cornwall uses a dinosaur skeleton's ribcage as a xylophone. swinging with the rhinos The skeleton becomes a rhino as Cornwall grabs it. I'd de-dragonize this cave in a minute Cornwall is now in a cave-styled living room with a lava lamp, a chair, and a television with Devon's head inside, which he turns off with the remote. 'Cornwall' they would sing Devon grabs hold of Conrwall and holds him up high a la \"The Lion King\" cause I would be the dragon king Then Cornwall was dropped back into his chair where the dartboard with Devon's head is seen in front of it. I would love this world without you in it He throws a dart at Devon's head, transitioning to a lava lamp. If I didn't have you If you didn't have me? Cornwall turns to the volcano pit that erupts a dish If I didn't have you Well how about if I didn't have you, huh? Cornwall shoves an apple into Devon's mouth. Oh what I could be if there was only me! Oh what I'd do if I didn't have you They are now shown as their separate selves. Kayley commented, \"Stop bickering and get your act together.\" Act? Did someone say act? I can act! They are seen collided together in a spotlight, Devon dressed in a kimono from \"The Mikado\" and Cornwall as \"The Phantom of the Opera\". If only I had separate parts Devon bonks Cornwall on the head with his fan. My career would be the arts Devon is with a sculpture of Cornwall in a Venus de Milo style, which he cracks into bits with Cornwall's eyes popping out and blinking. I'd be the star of Camelot Then there's a silhouette of Devon with a model of a castle. You'd the half that the whole world forgot Then the castle was turned into a ball, which is now Cornwall's head. if I didn't have you Devon throws Cornwall's head in the air. I should be so lucky He lands next to Devon's head and he zips Cornwall back on the body. If I didn't have you Oh wait you'd be dead Oh what I could be if there was only me Oh what I'd do if I didn't have you Cornwall is now wearing a hockey's mask, wielding a chainsaw which Devon avoids. Oh what I'd do if I didn't have you Devon and Cornwall are tied down about to be sliced in half by a wood-cutting blade, Devon reading a book with a lamp at the side. Trapped! Aah! Trapped There was a boulder rolling down a curved slope with Devon's head laid down on it, about to be flattened. Stuck here with you for 500 years Oh dear it's learned to count They're inside the boulder, Cornwall face-palming before Devon pokes him in the eye. If you'd got me a good lawyer, I would have split 400 years ago Now listen here pal! I didn't come here to be insulted Cornwall is on trial, Devon as the judge. Oh? Where do you usually go? I'd be a fire-breathing lizard Devon morphs into Godzilla and breathes fire at Cornwall. I'd be one high-flying wizard The flame transitions into Devon and Cornwall as inflatable. You'd be nothing without! You'd be extinct! You'd cease to be! Devon drills on the cliff where Cornwall is standing on, making fall into the canyon a la the Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner cartoon. I'm so tired of your nagging And I'm so tired of your bragging Without me, you'd have no brain With which to think Devon sticks his gloved hand into Cornwall's ear and then back out, leaving Cornwall stunned. I'd be rocking with the dinos (If only I had separate parts) swinging with the rhinos Inside Cornwall's ear, he runs up and flirts with Red Hot Riding Hood until she morphs into Devon, making him run. I'd de-dragonize this cave in a minute (My career would be the arts) Devon is looking at the mirror until the reflection morphs into Cornwall. Cornwall, they would sing (I'd be the star of Camelot) Cause I would be the dragon king Devon grabs hold of him and makes him into an egg and bounces him. I would love this world without you in it If I didn't have you The egg bounces into a cave where it hatched into baby Devon. Then another egg bounced in and hatches into baby Cornwall. Devon shoves the half of the eggshell into Cornwall's head, prompting him to fight. If I didn't have you If I didn't have you If I didn't have you As baby Devon and Cornwall fight, three eggs dance in until a cane hooks them away. Yeah, yeah, yeah This way! Let me lead Devon and Cornwall walks in, Devon trying to dance. Yeah, yeah, yeah No, this way, twinkletoes Cornwall lifts him up. Life could be so sweet If these were both my feet They are in a Picasso-style, stained glass window figures. What I'd do if I didn't have you They now popped out, dressed like Sonny and Cher. I got you babe! Oh what I'd do if I didn't have you Steam comes up, transitioning to a spotlight stage where Devon and Cornwall are dressed like Elvis and their back turned. Well Oh if I didn't They turn around. Oh, if I didn't have you They land in a 'thank you' pose. Thank you very much Thank you very much Thank you Devon has left the building You've never sung before, have you? Devon socks Cornwall in the face, the scenery back to the cave. Kayley claps. Kayley said, \"Come on, guys.\" Cornwall commented, \"You don't need him, honey. Now you got Cornwall keeping an eye on ya.\" Garrett and Alanna followed behind, Alanna smiling in amusement while Garrett looks annoyed. Ayden flies to him. They have reached the end of the cave. Garrett announced, \"Well, the good news is we're out of Dragon Country. The better news is this is where we say goodbye.\" Devon complained, \"But you can't leave us here! If we try to go back, we'll be banished! Ostracized. Exiled.\" Cornwall added, \"Not to mention kicked out.\" Kayley questioned, \"Why?\" Cornwall replied, \"We just broke the dragons' cardinal rule!\" Devon asked, \"What? 'Never wear brown shoes with a blue suit'?\" Cornwall corrected, grabbing Devon's head, \"No, you moron. 'Never help a human'.\" Garrett said, \"Come on girls. We must make camp before dark.\" Devon inquired, \"Camp?\" Alanna said, feeling sorry for the two-headed dragon, \"Garrett, let's take them with us. Please.\" Garrett relented, \"Oh, I suppose so. But no more singing!\" They made their way down the path heading to another part of the forest.\" Devon asked, \"How you feel about interpretive dance?\" Kayley and Alanna look at the dragons, Kayley giggling, Alanna smiling in amusement as Garrett sighs in annoyance.[Chapter 13] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Garrett singing, bold represent Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna . Chapter 12: Good as any knight Meanwhile, Ruber and his men were camping, roasting the dragon that Ruber had killed on the spit. Bladebeak takes a slice out, humming. Bladebeak presented, \"Dragon a la king!\" Ruber takes it and eats it. Bladebeak added hesitantly, \"It's such a pleasant relief from, uh, chicken.\" Ruber commented, \"I can't believe I'm reduced to chasing two little girls, a blind man and a pigeon! (to the Griffin as he throws the dragon meat to him) Find them all and report back to me!\" The Griffin didn't respond even after taking a bite. Ruber grabs the Griffin's head in annoyance. Ruber asked, \"Did you hear me?\" The Griffin responded, \"Sorry, Master. My mouth was full.\" Ruber stated, \"Typical. Of all the evil creatures in the world, I had to find one with table manners.\" The Griffin flies off. Ruber added, \"And no mistakes! Or I'll make space on the spit for you. (to Bladebeak) Hey, useless! Rendezvous with the wagons and tell them to press on.\" Bladebeak runs off. Ruber announced, \"As soon as I have Excalibur, we'll join them and the kingdom will be mine.\" Ruber laughs evilly. The smell of meat flows down to the forest. Meanwhile, our heroes continues walking through the forest. Cornwall said, \"I'm starving. All these heroics worked up my appetite! (sniffing the smell) Hey, hey. Something smells delicious.\" Devon agreed, \"Ooh, yes. I could whip up a little something.\" Garrett announced, \"Well, here's where we stop.\" Kayley asked, \"Stop? But what about Excalibur?\" Garrett stated, \"No one travels through the Forbidden Forest after dark.\" Kayley commented, \"Well, our father, Sir Lionel, would have.\" Garrett stops in his tracks, looking shocked. He had forgotten that since Alanna is Sir Lionel's daughter, that would make Kayley her sister. Alanna corrected, \"Even so, Kayley, sometimes knights need to rest in order to regain their strength for the next day.\" Devon and Cornwall tries to make a fire out of twigs. Cornwall said, \"C'mon, baby, c'mon! Light my fire!\" Devon commented, \"You know, there's nothing more pathetic than a flame-retardant dragon.\" Devon took over rubbing the twig against the pile. Cornwall said, \"Hey, Devon! You blew fire!\" Devon looks at the pile. Cornwall corrected, \"No, no. My mistake. Just hot air!\" Before Devon could do something to Cornwall, the twig he was holding comes alive and starts running off, the other twigs following. Devon and Cornwall looked at each other confused before chasing after them. Garrett confessed, \"Kayley, I must tell you. I knew your father.\" Kayley asked surprised, \"You did?\" Alanna added, \"That's how Garrett and I knew each other before. I met him the first time I came to Camelot with father and that was a little bit before his blindness.\" Garrett explained, \"I used to live in Camelot. I was a stable boy, but I dreamt of becoming a knight. One evening, there was a fire. I rushed to save the horses, but... well, I was hurt. At first, all I can see was shapes, then shadows. Finally, my world went black. After I lost my sight, your father and sister were the only ones who still believe in me. He told me that a knight's strength comes from his heart and his loyalty to the oath of Camelot.\" As Garrett narrated his story, Alanna can hear her father's voice saying, \"United we stand, (joined by hers and Garrett's younger selves) now and forever.\" Garrett concluded, \"Any hope I had of becoming a knight died with him.\" Kayley commented, \"We felt that way too, but we knew he wouldn't want us to give up.\" Alanna supported, \"He wouldn't want you to give up either, Garrett. You are good as any knight in Camelot.\" Garrett asked hopefully, \"You really think so?\" Alanna smiles, even though she knew he couldn't see it. She then gently grabbed his hand, squeezing it lightly like he did to her when she heard of her father's death. With Devon and Cornwall, they are still chasing after the twig. Cornwall said, \"Hey stick! Come back. Come back, stick!\" They ended up losing it. Ayden laughed. Cornwall stated, \"I've got three words for you, birdie: 'Dinner is served.'\" He grabs Ayden and swallows him, but then Ayden comes out of Devon's mouth unharmed. Alanna asked curiously, \"So how long has Ayden been with you?\" Garrett answered, laying down some leaves to make a makeshift bed, \"Since I came to live here. He just appeared one day as if destiny is watching over me. He taught me all the secrets of the forest. What can hurt you and what can heal you.\" After taking the bloodied bandage off her hand, Alanna subtly took a purple leaf and placed on her palm. Waiting a few more seconds, she saw the leaf suddenly dissolve and evaporate magically, her scratch completely gone as if it wasn't there. Garrett continued, drawing Alanna's attention back to Garrett, \"With Ayden as my eyes, I can survive anything. Look, I'll show you. (demonstrating) I take my position, faced my fears, (poking his staff to the plant, opening up to reveal its tongue with a red bulb on the end) and hold my ground until the last, possible moment, waiting for Ayden's signal (Ayden chirps the signal, Garrett moving at the right time as the tongue swings out towards him) to evade!\" He whacks the tongue on the tip with the staff, making it dizzy. Garrett commented, \"See? Simple. Now you try.\" He hands his staff to Alanna. Alanna said slightly nervous, \"All right. No problem.\" Garrett instructed, \"Take your position.\" Alanna repeated, taking a deep breath, \"Take my position.\" Garrett repeated, \"Face your fears.\" Alanna echoed, letting it out, \"Face my fears.\" The plant regained consciousness. Garrett concluded, \"And hold your ground until the last possible moment.\" The plant swings its tongue at Alanna, who tries to knock it out, but misses and the tongue hits her in the stomach, knocking her backwards into Garrett's arms. Ayden chirps. Garrett commented, \"Well, you moved too soon.\" Alanna retorted lightly, \"No kidding.\" Garrett stares out in blank space, glad to be with his childhood friend again. Alanna smiles while blushing. Unknown to the two, Kayley gave a knowing smile. Then the moment was ruined when Devon and Cornwall came back. Devon announced, \"Stand clear!\" Cornwall stated, \"Coming through.\" They walked in between Garrett and Alanna. Devon requested, \"Mind your backs.\" Cornwall said, \"Nice try, buddy.\" Devon inquired, \"I say, Alanna, do you have a light?\" At the camp at night, Ruber grabs a handful of burning coal and lifts them up high to his face. Ruber said softly, \"When I get my hands on those girls...\" He growls evilly as he clutches the coals in his hand.[Chapter 14] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Garrett singing, bold represent Alanna singing, bold/italic represent Garrett/Alanna . Chapter 13: Close Call/Looking Through Your Eyes Morning came. The group approached the thorn forest. Ayden flies over the thorns, chirping. Garrett announced, \"Ayden's spotted Excalibur! It must be near! Come on, let's go!\" Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett ran in joyfully. When they arrived, Ayden brings down the belt from the sword, Kayley catching it. Kayley stated, \"Look! This must be from Excalibur. Where's the sword?\" Garrett answered, \"Someone must have taken it (examining a giant footprint with his staff) or something.\" Kayley complained, \"Oh, we'll never find Excalibur in time!\" Alanna commented, \"Maybe if we follow these tracks, we'll...\" Kayley accused, \"Well this is all your fault.\" Alanna demanded, supporting her friend, \"How could it be his fault?\" Kayley replied, \"If we haven't stopped...\" Garrett shushed, \"Quiet.\" Kayley continued, not listening, \"We should have kept going.\" Garrett repeated, \"Shh.\" Kayley concluded, \"We have to save our mother.\" Garrett whispered, \"Please, I need to hear.\" Seeing that Garrett is trying to figure out what Ayden is warning him, Alanna turns her head to the direction where they came in. What she saw made her eyes widen in fear. But before she could give out a warning, an arrow grazed Garrett on the side, causing him to groan in pain and fall, Alanna barely catching him. Kayley exclaimed, \"Garrett!\" Ruber ordered, \"Get them!\" Kayley shouted, \"No!\" Alanna helps Garrett to his feet after he knocks Ruber into his henchmen, Kayley took the other side to escort him to safety. The spike-slinger thug follows behind, cutting many vines. This woke up the creatures to whack their hands to the ground, Devon and Cornwall narrowly dodging them and continues to run to safety. Kayley and Alanna turn around to see Ruber running up with his sword. Alanna requested, \"Get him out of here, Kayley. I'll catch up with you as soon as I can.\" Kayley and Garrett continued on as Alanna grabs a vine and hoops it onto one of the creature's arm. As Ruber and his henchmen are near the creature, she pulls it, making the creature to trap Ruber and his gang with his hand. Alanna ran to catch up with Kayley and Garrett to get to somewhere safe. The mace-wielding thug stated, \"We're trapped!\" Meanwhile, at night, the wagons are heading their way on the main road to Camelot. Inside one of the wagons, Juliana stares out of the window towards the moon. Juliana whispered, \"My brave daughters, please be safe.\" Bladebeak looks on sadly, but jumps up in fright when he heard a growl. Juliana turns around to see one of Ruber's iron-men enter the wagon. The spike-slinging thug boasted, \"Nobody can stop Ruber's plan to take over Camelot!\" He leaves. Juliana retorted, \"You don't know my daughters!\" She stares sadly out of the window again. Back at the Forbidden Forest, it was pouring rain. Kayley and Alanna continue to escort Garrett to a nearby cave. Alanna gently lays him down against a rock. She takes a leaf from the healing plant and places it against Garrett's wound. Kayley whispered from her spot near the entrance of the cave, \"Please, don't die. We can't do this on our own.\" Kayley, Devon, and Cornwall watch sadly as Alanna apologized, \"I'm sorry. It's my fault that you were hurt. I saw what was going to happen and I didn't warn you in time. (placing her face in her hands to conceal her tears) I'm no help to anyone.\" Hearing this, Garrett turns his head around, gently shushing her. Feeling Garrett's hand on her wrist, Alanna looks at Garrett, holding his hand. Garrett gently said, \"You're wrong.\" Alanna breaks down in tears, but Garrett gently wipes them away. Look at the sky, tell me what do you see? just close your eyes and describe it to me The heavens are sparkling with starlight tonight That's what I see through your eyes I see the heavens each time that you smile I hear your heartbeat just go on for miles Garrtt tries to get up but Alanna gently pushes him down. then suddenly I know why life is worthwhile The leaf suddenly dissolves and evaporate magically into his would, healing it and mending his tunic. That's what I see through your eyes Alanna hugs Garrett in relief, Garrett returning it heartwarmingly. That's what I see through your eyes Devon hugs Cornwall so tight that he forces him to let go of him. Alanna helps Garrett up with his staff and escorts him out of the cave which stops raining. Here in the night I see the sun Here in the dark our two hearts are one It's out of our hands, we can't stop what we have begun Alanna jumps on a field, causing parts of it to rise each step she takes. She falls backwards and Garrett catches her. and love just took me by surprise Looking through your eyes Devon cries in joy as Cornwall takes a leaf from a plant and hold it above his head. I see a night I wish could last forever Alanna and Garrett walk through an area of tongue plants. Garrett pokes the plant with his staff and shows Alanna how to defend herself against the plants. I see a world we're meant to see together He lifts the staff in the air and lowers it in front of Alanna who grabs hold of it. As the plants swing their tongues at them, Garrett helps Alanna to dodge them properly and at the right time. and it is so much more than I remember Alanna raises the staff in victory, but Garrett lowers it behind her back, smiling. The two share a smile as they fall in love. Ayden flies in, grabbing droplets of water with his wings and forms the three interlocked rings around them. More than I remember More than I have known Here in the night I see the sun Cornwall pokes a plant which swings its tongue at Devon, making Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley laugh. Here in the dark our two hearts are one More plants swung their tongues at Devon and Cornwall, two of them wrapping their tongues around them and kissing them. It's out of our hands, we can't stop what we have begun Cornwall tries to break free of the plants, but ended up hitting his nose. and love just took me by surprise Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley laugh again and they continue to walk on. Looking through your eyes Walking past a waterfall, Alanna opens up part of the waterfall with her hand and the waterfall closes. Leaf creatures fly up from the ground as Devon and Cornwall walk on. Looking through your eyes Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley walk past the field of helicopter plants which flew off. Devon and Cornwall ran to catch up with them as they head towards the Rock Ogre's cave.[Chapter 15] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Garrett singing. Chapter 14: The Ogre/Slip-Sliding away Meanwhile, at the cavern of thorns, Ruber breaks free through the soil and up to the surface. The Griffin follows. The Griffin commented, \"Well, Master, we lost them again.\" A brief second later, Ruber grabs hold of the Griffin's head, pinning him down and raising his fist. The Griffin closes his eyes in fright, but nothing happened. The Griffin opens one eye slowly to see Ruber staring at the tracks of giant footprints. Ruber stated, \"Ah. That's where they went.\" With our heroes, they are walking on from the part of the forest and encountered white fog covering the footprints. Kayley said, \"Uh-oh.\" Garrett asked, \"What is it?\" Alanna answered, \"We've lost the tracks.\" Suddenly a loud thumping sound was heard. Devon and Cornwall looked around. Kayley begged, \"Tell me that was your stomach.\" Garrett corrected, \"Just the ogre.\" Devon asked frightfully, \"Ogre?\" Cornwall said, \"Well, see ya! Good luck. Have a nice life... whatever's left of it.\" Alanna inquired, almost afraid of the answer, \"What's so scary about ogres?\" Suddenly, a rib-cage of an animal lands on Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett, but neither of them are hurt. Devon replied, \"Their appetite!\" Alanna, Kayley, and Garrett look around the rib-cage. Cornwall moaned, \"Oh, no. I think it's Uncle Yorik!\" Devon sighed, pulling out a dragon skull and holding it in a pose like in Hamlet, \"Alas, poor Uncle Yorik. I knew him well.\" Ayden chirps in view, giving Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett the signal. Garrett warned, \"Quick! Get out of the way!\" They dodged out of the skeleton just in time before the ogre steps on it. Alanna looks up to the ogre as parts of moss fell from him. Excalibur's scabbard fell with the moss and landed in front of Alanna. Alanna gasped, \"It's the scabbard from Excalibur!\" The rock ogre climbs into his cave. Alanna picks up the scabbard. Alanna confirmed, \"He does have the sword.\" They went into the cave. Garrett whispered, \"Ogres sleep during the day. We wait for him to fall asleep. Then we grab the sword.\" Devon said, \"Define 'we'.\" Garrett shushed, \"Ssh. Quiet. The slightest noise and we're finished.\" Devon remarked sarcastically, \"Oooh, charming place. I must get the name of his decorator.\" Garrett inquired, \"What's he doing?\" Kayley and Alanna poke their heads in the opening but they can only see rocks and moss in the cave. Kayley answered, \"I don't see him.\" Garrett assured, \"He's here. I can smell him.\" Suddenly the cave began to shake, parts of the rocks and moss move. It was the ogre. Kayley gasped, \"You're right. He is here.\" Garrett asked, \"Where's Excalibur?\" Alanna sees the ogre using Excalibur as a toothpick. Alanna responded, \"He's using it as a toothpick!\" Garrett requested, \"Tell me when he falls asleep.\" As soon as that was said, the ogre yawns and went to sleep, causing the cave to shake like an earthquake. Cornwall announced sarcastically, \"Let me guess: he fell asleep.\" Garrett inquired, \"Describe the layout.\" Alanna replied, finding a spot close to Excalibur, \"Let's see: there's a ledge that hangs just above the sword. By my guess, it's a 20-foot drop.\" Garrett used his staff and placed it next to Cornwall. He places his hand on the staff, compares it with Cornwall's height. Then he walks away, Devon and Cornwall looking confused. Later, Devon and Cornwall's tail is hooked on the rock as they hold Garrett as he holds Alanna with his staff trying to reach Excalibur. Kayley has her hands on Devon and Cornwall's tail to make sure it doesn't slip. Alanna requested, \"Lower down. A bit more.\" Not that far, Ruber and his men arrived. The arrow-shooting thug shouted, \"Hey, boss, look! It's Excali-\" He was quieted when Ruber shoved one of the mace-wielding thug's mace balls into his mouth. Ruber complained, \"I hate ogres. Walk this way.\" The minions tiptoed behind Ruber, making metallic noises as they walked. Ruber sighed in annoyance. Devon spotted the villains from the distance. Devon announced, pointing at Ruber, accidentally letting go of Garrett's foot, \"Oh, no! It's him!\" Garrett said, \"Hey!\" Devon commented, \"Oops.\" The chain began to jolt. Alanna nearly fell, but her feet managed to stay hooked on Garrett's staff. She lowered herself enough to Excalibur. Ruber climbed on the Griffin. As he took off, dust began to rise. The Griffin sneezed, \"Ah-ah-ahhh-CHOOO!\" Ruber gasped, then Cornwall, then Garrett, and lastly Alanna. Then the ogre opens his eye in front of Alanna. Alanna gasped, \"Oh, boy. Nap-time's over. Wait, I have an idea. Swing me back and forth.\" Garrett does so, making him groan. Alanna hypnotized, \"You're getting very sleepy. Sleepy.\" The hypnotizing worked. The ogre closed his eye. Garrett asked, \"Can you reach it?\" Alanna announced, grabbing hold of Excalibur, \"Got it!\" Devon and Cornwall moaned as Ayden grabs Devon's horns and pulls the chain to safety. Ruber and the Griffin fly off to try to steal back Excalibur. However the ogre, still groggy, yawns in front of them as the heroes ran for the exit. Ruber screamed as they fell to the ground. Three of Ruber's men chase after the group, but the ogre slams his hand into them, narrowly missing the group Ruber and the Griffin landed on the ground. The ogre yawns again as he lifts his hand in the air. The flattened but unharmed minions blinked. Then the ogre begins to change his sleeping position. Ruber and the Griffin gasped as the ogre's rear end is lowered in front of them. The ogre sits down in his sleeping position, trapping Ruber and the Griffin. Ruber stated, \"The ogre's butt!\" The Griffin commented, \"Well, master, at least things can't get any worse.\" As the Griffin says that, the ground began to shake. Ruber asked, \"Wanna bet?\" As our group ran towards the exit of the cave, breaking wind is heard. Cornwall warned, \"Whoa! Watch it!\" They dodged as Ruber and the Griffin are sent flying above them and crash in front of the wall, dodging its stalactites. The group ran past them. Ruber ordered in a high-pitched voice, \"Seize them!\" The Griffin replied in that same tone, \"Yes, master!\" Devon and Cornwall got out through the exit first, stopping at a cliff. Cornwall stated, \"There's no way out!\" Kayley said, \"There's one way out: you'll have to fly.\" Devon protested, \"We can't fly. (breaking fourth wall) We've explained that before our song.\" Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley bumped into them, knocking themselves off the cliff. Cornwall shouted, \"Houston, we have a PROBLEM!\" They slide down the cliff as Cornwall's voice echoed. Ruber stops at the cliff, followed by his henchmen. Ruber said, kicking them down the cliff, \"Off you go!\" Ayden chirps in view. The Griffin sees this and takes off to attack him. However the Griffin misses him and Ayden flies around Ruber who swings his sword at him but also misses. The Griffin's eyes widened and shrieks when he realizes what he's flying into. Ruber gasps. The Griffin crashes into the cliff, which causes Ruber to fall with the cliff. Meanwhile, with our group, they are still sliding the cliff with Kayley, Alanna and Garrett on Devon and Cornwall, Ruber's minions still sliding far behind. The Griffin and Ruber are behind the men. Devon announced, \"Ladies and gentlemen, please put your seats in the upright position!\" Cornwall continued, \"Assume the crash position and hope you don't smell your socks!\" Devon added, \"Tray tables up and...\" Cornwall concluded, \"Put away your sandwiches...\" Devon finalized, \"For turbulence!\" Cornwall declared, \"Hold on, gang. I think we're going in!\" Devon cried, \"Help! Mayday! Mayday!\" He tries to grab the branch but lost his grip and continues falling and sliding down the cliff. After the group slid away, Ruber's minions crash-landed on a rock, nearly knocked out. Then the Griffin and Ruber fell onto them, unconscious. Our group are still sliding down the slope, Devon and Cornwall's back are catching fire, due to them sliding down. Devon announced, \"We know you do have a choice so thank you for flying Dragon Air! Ow, OW, OWW!\" They landed on a lake, extinguishing the fire. Garrett fell into the water, but Kayley and Alanna stayed on. Cornwall said, Devon nodding in agreement, \"Tell you what. Next time you try to fly and we'll hold on.\" Alanna exclaimed, raising Excalibur in victory, \"We did it. We did it. I can't believe it! We did it!\" Then Kayley and Alanna hugged each other. Garrett chuckled, \"Congratulations.\" Kayley pulled Excalibur out of its scabbard that Alanna's holding. Kayley whispered, \"So this is Excalibur.\" Devon and Cornwall squabbled over each other to hold the sword. Garrett protested, \"No! Excalibur only belong in the hands of Arthur. Come on girls.\" Then he walked away.[Chapter 16] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. When it comes to the singing, italic represent Garrett singing. I'm getting close to reaching my goal. Two more chapters left and the story is finished. Chapter 15: Where Garrett belongs/I Stand All Alone (Reprise)/In the wrong hands On the main road to Camelot, Juliana stares out of the window sadly. Meanwhile, back at the forest, Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett climb down from a rock. Kayley asked, \"Garrett, do you think our mother's safe?\" Garrett reassured, \"If she's anything like you two, I'm sure she's fine. We must hurry. There isn't much time left.\" Devon and Cornwall walked on. Cornwall boasted, \"First dragons to enter Camelot! We'll be famous!\" Devon added, \"I can see us on the poster now: 'Presenting... the wonderful Devon... and his little head, Cornwall.\" Ayden flies in, chirping to Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett, the latter two holding hands that they have reached the end of the forest. Alanna announced, \"Garrett, up ahead. The sky.\" Garrett confirmed, \"The end of the Forbidden Forest.\" Kayley runs forward, Alanna starting to follow, bring Garrett with her, but he stops. She turns to him worriedly. Garrett lets go of her hand. Garrett encouraged, \"It's okay. You go on ahead.\" Alanna, smiling faintly, continues to run to catch up with Kayley. Garrett finished, his smile slowly fading, \"I'll be... right behind you.\" As Alanna caught up with Kayley, Garrett walks on sadly. Cornwall retorted, \"Why don't you shut up? How 'bout 'Cornwall and his obnoxious talking wart'?\" Garrett sighed, swinging his stick at them which they dodged, \"Knock it off.\" Devon and Cornwall looked at each other in confusion. Cornwall inquired, \"I don't know what's eating this guy.\" Devon suggested, \"Envy. Poor lad.\" Ayden flew through the last part of the forest and into the opening. Alanna pushes back the branch to reveal Camelot in the distance. Alanna introduced, \"Kayley, welcome to Camelot.\" Kayley awed, \"Oh, Garrett! It's so beautiful. I wish you can see it.\" Garrett walks to Alanna sadly and takes Excalibur off his shoulder. Garrett said, \"I have seen it and there was no place for me.\" Alanna questioned worriedly, \"Garrett, what's wrong?\" Garrett commented, \"Take Excalibur to Arthur. You don't have much time.\" Alanna looked between Excalibur and Garrett in confusion with a hint of denial. She runs up to him, blocking his path. Alanna insisted, \"But we'll deliver the sword together!\" Garrett firmly said, \"No. You deliver it. I... I don't belong in that world.\" He walks back into the forest. Garrett requested, \"Come on, Ayden.\" Alanna looks at Garrett sadly as he walks on. Alanna whispered, \"But you belong in mine.\" Tears were coming down her face as she turns around and walks towards Camelot. Garrett continues walking down the forest while Ayden flies around. Like every tree stands on its own reaching for the sky I stand alone Ayden chirps and squawks at Garrett, trying to tell him to go back. Garrett spoke, \"You don't understand. In Camelot, she'd only see me through their eyes. Not a knight. Not a man. (continues walking, shedding a tear) Not anything.\" I share my world with no one else all by myself I stand alone Alanna, Kayley, Devon and Cornwall are still walking from the forest. Alanna was still sad from Garrett's departure. Cornwall said, \"Forget about him. You're better off alone. He walks funny. He even looks funny. People throw darts at him.\" Devon asked, \"How can you be so cold-blooded?\" Cornwall remarked, \"I'm a reptile.\" He sticks out his tongue in a snake-like fashion. Devon retorted, \"Listen, you Jurassic twit! Alanna deserves someone who will love her. Someone... who'll hold her in his arms. Who runs his fingers through her hair. Look deeply in her eyes and... make her feel like a real woman!\" He kisses Cornwall, but Cornwall splutters which made Devon feel nauseous and turning green. They gagged, spitted, and spluttered dramatically. Cornwall commented, \"I got your tongue in my gums! Blech!\" Alanna and Kayley continue walking on the main road. Alanna looks at Excalibur and stops. Alanna said, passing Excalibur to Kayley, \"You keep going. I'm going to find Garrett.\" But before either of them could do anything, they were captured by the mace-wielding thug. Ruber said, \"I'll take that.\" Alanna grunts as Ruber takes Excalibur from its scabbard. Ruber exclaimed, \"Excalibur. Mine forever! (turning to the sisters) You've been quite annoying... for a pair of girls.\" Unaware of the danger yet, Devon and Cornwall carried on walking with Cornwall still spluttering. Devon encouraged, \"Cheer up! When we get to Camelot, we'll be kissed by the world's most beautiful women.\" Cornwall remarked, \"Right! We're a giant lizard with two heads! We have to beat him off with a stick.\" They stopped track when they saw Alanna and Kayley captured by Ruber and his men, the former holding Excalibur. Alanna took a glance back to see Devon and Cornwall, hoping Ruber hadn't noticed. She mouthed, \"Hide.\" Devon was about to call out for help but Cornwall clamped his mouth shut with his hand and they ran behind a rock and watch without being seen. Ruber announced, \"I've waited ten years to hold his sword. (laughing evilly) And now I'll make sure I'll hold it forever.\" He took out his Acme potion and swung Excalibur. He uncorks the bottle with his teeth and spits the cork out. Ruber shouted, putting a drop onto his hand and the hilt, \"Prepare for the dawning of A NEW AGE! \" Kayley denied, \"No!\" Ruber writhes in pain as the potion's magic and flames begin to shoot upwards, creating clouds of green smoke above them. One green comet shoots past the sisters and the iron-men. Cornwall pulls Devon's head down as a second one flies above them. During the painful process, Bladebeak runs around scared before jumping into the wagon. He pokes his head out and hold the curtains around it, shivering. The Griffin teased, \"Chicken!\" The potion's magic and clouds of smoke faded away. When Ruber blew the green flame out, it revealed his hand is now merged with Excalibur, its hilt turned black and his arm now entire mechanical. Ruber commented, \"It's hot.\" Kayley fell to her knees in defeat. Ruber walks up to her. Ruber falsely comforted, running his only left hand's fingers on her chin,\"Don't worry, little girl. I'll make sure Arthur gets it back. Or gets it in the back. (breaks into laughter) As the case may be. Throw them into the wagon.\" Alanna took one more glance at Devon and Cornwall and mouthed again, \"Find Garrett.\" Devon and Cornwall nodded their heads in acknowledgement and quickly backed away from their hiding spot to look for Garrett. The arrow-shooting thug grabs Alanna and Kayley and hurl them into the wagon. Juliana exclaimed, \"Kayley! Alanna!\" Kayley and Alanna said, \"Mother.\" Juliana, Alanna, and Kayley hugged each other. Juliana sighed in relief, \"Oh, thank heavens you both are safe.\" Alanna apologized, \"We're sorry, mother. We failed you.\" Kayley added, \"And now, Camelot will be lost.\" She cries on her mother's lap. Juliana consoled, \"No, dears. You were brave.\" Bladebeak and his wife look on sadly. Ruber's shadow looms over them. Ruber remarked sarcastically, \"What a touching reunion. But all this love is making me nauseous. And you've got a job to do, Juliana. Remember if you don't...\" The spike-slinger thug concluded, \"I'll do my job on them.\" Juliana whispered to Alanna and Kayley, \"Don't lose hope.\" Then she was dragged out of the wagon. Bladebeak blows his 'beak' with his hankerchief, tearing it apart in the process. I hope Devon and Cornwall got to Garrett in time. Alanna thought in despair. Devon and Cornwall just got to Garrett. Devon said, \"I say, Garrett, something awful's happened!\" Cornwall continued, overlapping Devon, \"Yeah, don't just stand here. We've got to go!\" Garrett continues walking on, ignoring them until... Devon announced, \"Alanna and Kayley have been captured.\" Cornwall added, \"And Ruber's got Excalibur!\" Garrett exclaimed, turning to them, \"What? Take me to them! Come on, Ayden.\" Ayden chirps. Cornwall commented, \"They'd be halfway to Camelot by now!\" Devon concurred, \"Cornwall's right. We'd have to fly to get there in time. Ruber drives me completely nuts. He makes me so mad and angry!\" Cornwll carries on, \"He's definitely a jerk! A giant jerk!\" While they were speaking, they didn't realize that their wings began to flap, making them flying. Devon agreed, \"That foul barbarian. Wait till we get our hands on him. I'll tear him limb from limb.\" Ayden saw Devon and Cornwall flying and flies back to Garrett, telling him the news. Cornwall stated, \"Yeah, we'll show him a thing or two. Won't we?\" Devon replied, Garrett swinging his staff underneath them to see if they are flying, \"Yes. We darn well will.\" Garrett announced, \"You're flying.\" Devon commented, both of them realizing this, \"Gosh. He's right. We are flying.\" Cornwall exclaimed, \"I did it! I'm great. (kissing his biceps twice) I love me. I did it.\" Devon corrected, hitting Cornwall on the head, \"Excuse me, egomaniac. You mean I did it.\" Then their wings stopped flapping, due to the argument, causing Devon and Cornwall to fall into a mud pool, splattering mud everywhere, some onto Garrett. Garrett inquired, \"Don't you get it? (Devon and Cornwall raise their heads from the mud pool, Devon having parts of the grass and mud on his head like a beret while Cornwall has parts of mud and a flower on his head and neck stylized as hair and a bra) The only reason you can't fly is because you can't agree on anything. There must be something you can agree on. You both love Alanna and Kayley, don't you?\" Devon and Cornwall spitted out mud before looking at each other.[Chapter 17] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. Here are the last two chapters for Quest for Camelot. Hope you enjoyed it. Chapter 16: Battle for Camelot The Griffin lies from a bunch of storm clouds. The wagons approached the drawbridge as the clouds circle the kingdom. Guard #1 announced, \"Wagons approaching!\" Ruber whispered, his face hiding in a cape, \"Not a word. And let's all keep our heads, shall we?\" Juliana turns to the inside of the wagon to see Alanna and Kayley's hands tied behind their backs and their necks close to the spike-slinger thug's blade. Juliana gasped before turning back to the front. Guard #2 commanded, \"It's Lady Juliana. Lower the bridge at once.\" The drawbridge lowers. Ruber grins evilly as he and the wagons enter Camelot. Inside Arthur's room, one of the guards stated, \"Pardon me, my king. Lady Juliana has payed us a surprise visit.\" Arthur responded, \"Oh, good. Tell her I'll receive her at the round table.\" The wagons arrived in Camelot. Ruber's minions have hidden themselves in the carts. Ruber looks around carefully to see if no one is suspicious. A girl plays with her doll as her dog barks happily. She drops the doll until her mother picks it up and hands it back to her. Ruber said to his horse, \"Steady, steady.\" Suddenly, one of the wagon's wheels goes over a rock, causing it to jolt. Inside the wagon, Kayley kicks the thug with her legs, causing him to fall through the floor and scrapes himself on the tiles. Kayley and Alanna dodge as the thug pierces the wooden beams with his claws. Bladebeak had finished clucking to his wife and turns to the sisters. Bladebeak offered. \"Bladebeak, at your service!\" He uses his 'beak' to slice off the ropes on Kayley's hands before doing the same with Alanna, and they untie their gags. The wagons came to a stop in front of the castle. One of the knights asked, \"Lady Juliana?\" Kayley, the first one bursting of the wagon exclaimed, \"Hey, it's a trap!\" The residents and knights gasp in fright. Ruber reveals himself and his horse neighs. Ruber shouted, \"ATTACK!\" The knights gasp as Ruber charges on his horse towards them. Suddenly the thugs burst out of the wagons, scaring the residents. Finally, the spike-slinger thug burst out of the wagon, slicing it into pieces. Ruber commanded, slicing most of the knights' swords and spears with Excalibur, \"SEAL OFF THE CASTLE!\" Everyone ran for their lives. Ruber charged on his horse into the castle, two of his thugs blocking the front doors. The knights charged towards the iron-men but were defeated. One knight tries to strike the arrow-shooting thug with his sword, but the blade broke off in contact. Then a thug grabs a knight and hurls him into another knight, next to a pit of fiery coals. The knight crashed into the pit, knocking it over, spilling out the coals and causing the fire to spread near the stables. The knights tried again to defeat the iron-men but to no avail. A knight was thrown back. One of the knights informed, \"Ruber has breached the castle keep. The king is still inside!\" Alanna and Kayley look at the front doors and then the tower's scaffolding. Kayley said, \"Mother, we must help the king.\" Then they head off to the scaffolding. Bladebeak reassured, \"Don't worry. We'll be fine.\" Alanna and Kayley made their way to the ramparts and try to run across the scaffolding to get into the castle, but the Griffin flies in. They jumped off the scaffolding and out of the way as the Griffin smashes through the scaffolding. Then two thugs came from both sides of them and corner on the rampart's edge. Alanna loses her balance and began to fall. Suddenly, she was raised back up and it turns out that Garrett had broken her fall with his staff and now on Devon and Cornwall who are now flying. Alanna exclaimed, \"Garrett! You came back!\" Garrett warned, \"Heads up!\" Alanna and Kayley dodged as Devon and Cornwall swung their tail at the thugs, causing them to fall into the moat, screaming. Garrett apologized, jumping off Devon and Cornwall, \"Sorry I'm late. I hate flying coach.\" Alanna and Garrett hugged each other in reunion. Kayley noticed, \"You're flying!\" Devon confirmed, \"Yes, we're frequent flyers now.\" Arthur approached the round table room. Arthur asked, \"Juliana?\" Then he noticed Ruber, sitting in his damaged chair. Ruber announced, \"Ta-da!\" Arthur said, \"Ruber!\" Ruber inquired, \"Pleased to see me?\" Hearing the doors locked, Arthur grabs a nearby spear. Ruber retorted, walking up from the throne, his arm hiding in his cape, \"A spear? (chuckling mockingly) How stone age. A king would hold a nobler weapon. A king (pulling of his cape to reveal the bonded Excalibur on his hand) would hold Excalibur.\" Garrett questioned, \"Where's Ruber?\" Alanna replied, \"He has the king trapped inside.\" Kayley added, \"There's no way in.\" Garrett said, \"The king. Wait! I know a way!\" Alanna responded, understanding what Garrett is saying, \"Of course!\" Garrett and Alanna shouted at the same time, \"Through the stables!\" Suddenly the Griffin flies into view, making Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley gasp. Then Ayden attacks the Griffin, causing him to chase the falcon off. Then more of Ruber's minions are closing in. Alanna requested, \"Give me your hand. (spotting a haystack cart with a horse) Jump!\" Alanna, Garrett, and Kayley jump down from the rampart and into the cart. The sisters landed in the hay while Garrett landed on the driver's seat and rides the cart off to the stables. Kayley asked, \"What are you doing?\" Garrett replied, \"I'm driving!\" Alanna exclaimed, \"Are you sure that's a good idea?\" Garrett answered, \"No problem! Hang on!\" Kayley directed, \"Garrett, on your left! Your other left.\" Alanna continued, \"No, Garrett, right! Right!\" Garrett shouted, \"Coming through!\" The sisters screamed, \"Look out!\" Garrett exclaimed, \"Look out!\" The hay catches fire and the cart crashes, sending Kayley, Alanna, and Garrett to crash-land on bags of flour unharmed. Garrett remarked, \"See? That wasn't so bad, was it?\" The sisters looked at Garrett, and then sighed. In the round table room, Ruber threw the injured Arthur on the table. Ruber remarked, \"So many memories in this room. Makes me want to puke. (climbing on the table and towering over Arthur) You said everyone at this table was equal. (wielding Excalibur) Well, I have something sweeter: (yelling) revenge!\" Garrett opens up a tile that leads to the catacomb tunnels underneath Camelot. Garrett informed, \"These tunnels lead to the round table.\" They walk onward through the darkness, rats scattering when they are nearby. Alanna said, \"I can't see.\" Garrett reassured, \"Don't worry. I'll be your eyes.\" They head towards the end of the tunnel that leads to the round table. Outside above Camelot, the Griffin chases Ayden until he finally grabs the falcon. The Griffin said, \"Finally, Silver Wings, you're mine.\" Suddenly the Griffin's tail is suddenly yanked. Devon asked, holding the Griffin's tail, \"Excuse me?\" Cornwall demanded, \"Pick on somebody your own size! Let's barbecue this bully!\" Devon concurred, \"I couldn't agree more.\" The Griffin is about to eat Ayden until Devon and Cornwall breathe fire at him, causing the Griffin to let go of Ayden and screech in pain. As Ayden falls in the air, Devon and Cornwall swoop down and caught him. Cornwall informed, stroking Ayden, \"Hang on, little birdie!\" Devon and Cornwall then chases off the Griffin by repeatedly breathe fire at him. Back in Camelot, Juliana is tending to an injured knight as Bladebeak and his wife watch. The mace-wielding thug spins its mace-balls around, roaring. Bladebeak steps to him, asking, \"You got to ask yourself 'do I feel clucky'? Well, do ya, punk?\" Bladebeak squawks as he jumps on the mace-wielding thug and starts to peck on his neck with his 'beak'. Bladebeak's wife turns to Juliana, pointing at him and then herself as if saying 'That's my man'. Garrett, Alanna, and Kayley entered the round table room by lifting up a floor tile and moving it aside. They spot Ruber trying to strike Arthur with Excalibur, but keeps missing and ending up striking the table, causing splinters to fly. Ruber gloated, \"I'm gonna have more fun getting ride of you than when I got rid of Sir Lionel!\" Kayley clenches her fists angrily while Alanna finally understood the truth of her father's death. They begin to climb up a scaffolding. Arthur groaned, \"I may not survive...\" Garrett whispered, \"Alanna, Kayley, no!\" Arthur finished, \"...but you'll never destroy the ideals of Camelot!\" Ruber retorted, \"Well, I got to start somewhere.\" He swings Excalibur at Arthur, but he dodged as Ruber strikes the edge of the table. Ruber exclaimed, wielding Excalibur in the air and grabbing Arthur mercilessly, \"Say hello to your new king!\" Arthur gritted his teeth, \"You're no king!\" Ruber agreed, \"You're right. Perhaps... I'm more of a GOD!\" He holds Arthur in the air and hurls him across the table. Kayley shouted, \"Hey, Ruber!\" Both her and Alanna are on the scaffolding, standing on a wooden beam attached to a rope. Ruber turned around, \"You!\" Alanna proclaimed, \"I will not serve a false king!\" Ruber growls after hearing those words from ten years ago. Alanna and Kayley swung down on the beam which knocks Ruber off the table straight to the window. The window shattered and out comes Ruber, Alanna, and Kayley landing on the tiled floor behind the circles of stone, unharmed. Alanna and Kayley came to and saw that Ruber is doing the same. He gets himself up, using Excalibur with its blade digging into the tiled-floor. Alanna and Kayley turn to see the Magic Stone, now completely covered with thorny vines. Then they turn to Ruber who is getting himself back on his feet. They looked at each other, nodding in agreement on their plan, before slowly backing away to lure Ruber to the stone. Ruber groaned, \"You... you were in the way, just like your father.\" Alanna and Kayley split up, each hiding behind a stone pillar. Ruber continued, \"Since you're dying to be like him...\" He swings Excalibur at Alanna, who dodged out of the way, rolling towards the stone. She places her hand on the stone which its magic swirls around her hand. Ruber finished, \"Let's see if I can help you out!\" While Ruber prepares to strike, Garrett comes up behind him with his staff, ready to strike him from behind. However Ruber spotted him slightly and turns around suddenly and slices Garrett's staff with Excalibur. Two halves of the staff land on the ground, Garrett moving his hands around to find his staff. Ruber mocked, grabbing Garrett by the hair to throw him away from his now-decapitated stick, \"Oopsy daisy. You'll probably need that!\" Alanna watches in dismay as Ruber grabs Garrett by the shoulder and hurls him to Alanna who catches him. Ruber asked teasingly, \"Where's your pigeon now?\" Alanna whispered, \"Hold your ground until the last possible moment.\" Garrett whispered, \"Yes, and Kayley'll give the signal.\" Ruber prepared to strike, \"Two for the price of one! (Alanna and Garrett glare at Ruber, waiting for Kayley's signal) This must be my lucky day!\" Alanna whispered, \"I don't think so.\" Kayley gave the signal, \"NOW!\" Alanna and Garrett move away from each other just as Ruber strikes Excalibur at them, missing them completely, and ending up stabbing the stone instead. Ruber soon realizes this as the vines break off from the stone. Ruber gasped, \"Oh no. The stone!\" He tries to yank himself but unable to do so since he is not the rightful king. Alanna informed, \"Only a true king can pull Excalibur from its stone.\" Ruber screams in pain as the stone's magic flashes on Ruber's fused arm and Excalibur. Then lightning strikes on Excalibur and a magic beam flashes around him as the potion's magic explodes into smoke. Lightning and the light beam flash from behind the round table tower. The beam causes a magical shock-wave that spread throughout the kingdom. While Juliana fought off the thugs, the magical shock-wave passes, transforming Ruber's men and Bladebeak back to their normal selves. The magical shock wave passes Devon and Cornwall, separating them to their separate selves. Devon exclaimed, \"Hey!\" Cornwall remarked, \"Hey!\" They looked at each other sadly. They made their decision as the next magic shock-wave passes, they make themselves back to their conjoined self. In the round table room, the magical shock-wave passes Arthur, removing the sling off him and healing his arm. Arthur looks at his healed arm in shock. At the magic stone, the light beam flashes rapidly as lightning continues to strike Ruber's arm. Ruber laughed as he is disintegrated into smoke from chest to toe, leaving only Excalibur in the stone. Excalibur's hilt turned from black to sunlight-gold. Alanna and Kayley watch as the light beam and the flashing on the stone fades away. There was only clouds of smoke left above the stone. Then something fell from the sky and landed back on earth: it was one of Ruber's shoulder pads. Alanna ran up to Garrett and hugged him as Devon and Cornwall lands into the circle of stones and Ayden flying into view. Then Alanna and Kayley shared a hug. Alanna whispered, \"Father would've been proud of you, Kayley.\" Kayley responded, \"He'd be proud of you too.\" They all watch as Arthur steps out to the stone. He drew Excalibur out of the stone and holds it in the air.[Chapter 18] Alanna and her involvement in the movie belongs to me. Everything else belongs to Warner Bros. Here are the last two chapters for Quest for Camelot. Hope you enjoyed it. Chapter 17: Just Knighted/Epilogue Alanna and Kayley arrived in their white glittering dresses. They walked arm-in-arm into the room where Arthur and Garrett in his knight uniform are waiting. Devon and Cornwall sniffle and they blow their snouts. Juliana said, \"Kayley. Alanna.\" They turn to their mother who handed them Sir Lionel's shield. Juliana mentioned, \"You forgot this. Take it. It's yours.\" Arthur announced, tapping Excalibur on Garrett's shoulder, \"I dub thee Sir Garrett. (tapping Excalibur on Alanna's shoulder) I dub thee Lady Alanna. (tapping Excalibur on Kayley's shoulder) I dub thee Lady Kayley. Thank you for saving Camelot. You have reminded us that the kingdom's strength is not based on the strength of a king, but the strength of the people. From this day forward, you will sit as Knights of the Round Table.\" Kayley and Alanna smiled with joy as everyone and the knights cheer and applaud. Then music starts to play in the background as they begin to dance. Alanna hands the shield to Kayley who is escorted by Arthur as she dances with Garrett. The rooster is dancing with his wife. Alanna asked, \"Isn't this everything you've ever wanted?\" Garrett answered, \"Hmm, not quite... everything.\" Then they shared a kiss. Devon and Cornwall watch in awe and teary-eyed. Devon starts to make kissing noises to Cornwall. Cornwall warned, \"Hey, don't even think about it!\" Ayden flies over them who watch as he flies over to Merlin who strokes him. Merlin praised, \"Well done, Ayden.\" Alanna hands Garrett his new staff and leads him away. Alanna and Garret ride on their horse with a sign that says 'Just Knighted' on the back as they ride off into the horizon. SMALL EPILOGUE Kayley did find love with Sir Kay's son, Edgar II. Together they had a daughter they named after Juliana who died a few years later after her wedding. Alanna and Garrett had a son which they named Lionel II after her father. ","Summary":" Character bio: Alanna Family: Sir Lionel (father), Lady Juliana (mother), Kayley (younger sister) A"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Ordeal of the Cursed Dog","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13068748","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -November 4, 2007- It was a sun-filled day upon the enlightened part of the Earth, which is one of the planets within the galaxy of the Milky Way. However, it wasn't a good day for a young woman far down within the country of North America, deep inside the state of Florida, and running through the alleys of the small town of Brooker. Her name is Debra Hawthorn, and she is being chased by a few girls who's really pissed off. (Debra's P.O.V.) I panted heavily as I ran for my life, wringing the straps of my backpack tightly as I heard the shouts and screeches of the most popular girls of the school. They really were serious in that threat after I accidentally tripped over my shoes as usual, my tray flying and crashing into a table nearby, the food and drinks splattering over them. The morning was okay as usual, acing History, and moaning at another test in Math as Dad kept me up again with his drinking last night. Lunch was the changing point. I couldn't help being clumsy! It always gets me in trouble, no matter if I meant it or not. I dreaded the leader's threat as I fought through Science, and I thought I was free when the bell rung, but I was dead wrong as they were waiting for me upon the soccer field which was one of my routes home. \"Wait until we catch you, Hawthorn! You are in for a punishment!\". I knew they wouldn't listen as they're clearly pissed off, and I kept running despite my clumsiness threatening to overtake me anytime. I whipped around a corner, crashing into a tent, hearing a woman's yell of frustration, mixing with a man's shout, and I called out as I ran out, taking off the fabric which nearly blinded me out, \"Sorry!\". Unfortunately, the tent slowed my progress, as when I looked back, they were literally so close! I yelled as I tripped again, cursing my clumsiness as usual. Laughter and chuckles filled the air, and I turned around, wincing at the sting of some scraps upon my skin as the street was cement. Cruel blue eyes glared at me, \"Now what shall we do with you, Hawthorn?\". A cackle, \"Get her into a dumpster! She will stink up to hell for weeks!\". A chortle, \"How about a mud bath?\". The blue eyes' owner chuckled, \"Very good suggestions, girls. Get her up.\". I hardly knew the girls, but the others called them the Rochelles. I groaned lightly as the minions grabbed my arms harshly, pushing me up and forward. I weakly struggled against their grips, but the pain and the exhaustion of the run had caught up to me, and stared at the Rochelle leader, her blue eyes glinting in cruel amusement. \"I have a much better idea.\". She turned around, and the minions dragged me as we followed her. It wasn't long until we reached the docks. I was soon horrified when they dragged me to a fish dumpster, full of bones and leftover flesh, and the leader cackled, \"Throw her in!\". I screamed for my life, but I knew it was no use as the fishermen wasn't to return for a few hours yet as school only let out like a half hour ago. I was lifted up, pushed over, and dumped into the intense, overwhelming smell of the fish, hearing the cruel laughter of the Rochelles as they walked away, farther and farther away from me. I struggled to get out of the dumpster as I am horrified, disgusted, and upset as hell. I hated them! I moaned lightly as I knew my clothes was lost forever. I could never get the smell out. My brown hair is so slimy, and I definitely have to check my light green eyes for infection. I have to go for a twice-washed shower, maybe thrice as my tan skin is filthy. I only hope this day wouldn't be worse! I am getting tired of my life! Okay, it isn't horrible like some people's lives I read about, but it's really still bad for me. Wake up, eat breakfast, dodge Dad's trash talk, go to school, sometimes go home, sometimes get bullied, buy groceries weekly if not two weeks then, work on chores, and homework, a spare hour or two to watch a movie, sleep or dodge Dad's trash talk again if he does it at night as well. It's a repeating cycle ever since my coward of a mom left us when I was 9. I sighed heavily as I saw that my backpack was soaked too! A few teachers understood my situation which I was grateful for, but my Math teacher wouldn't give a bitch about it! At least I will be out of here next year as I am currently 17, as my birthday passed last month. Too bad I couldn't afford a car or driving lessons as Dad buys beer all the time when I am not looking. Of course, I was mad, but he does it while I am in school. I would dare not drown all beers in the drain again after he gave me a harsh slap in the face. I lied that I went into the door again, and the school understood, thanks to my curse of being clumsy. It was about 45 minutes later when I got home, sorted through possible homework that's not soaked, and moaning at the rest of the soaked homework. I knew I had to take the shower and do this homework repeatedly, drying them with a fan if possible so I have to surpass dinner. No big deal there as I could just sneak in chips or something as a abiding snack to keep me somewhat satisfied. Dad was nowhere in sight, figuring that he went to the bar again which I was relieved for, needing peace and quiet. After hours of washing out the smell, throwing the soaked clothes into the trash, and finishing up at least a quarter of homework, I opted to watch one of my favorite movies, 'Quest for Camelot'. At least I could imagine what it would be like if I was a knight or maybe Arthur's girlfriend as he's really handsome. He is a man of honor which I wouldn't mind being with. After the credits came, I worked upon a piece of homework, copying it down as it was one of the soaked assignments. I heard the growling grumbles of a truck, and I shut down my lamp, swiftly making it to my bed, and slightly opened the window a bit for air circulation, noticing the stars, and I saw the North star, smiling. I knew wishing upon a star is part of the magic to make a dream come true, and that kids do it, but what harm could it do, anyway if I wish? I softly wished out loud, hoping that I would be out of here faster than Wile chasing Road Runner. (No P.O.V.) Little did Debra know was that the tent she crashed into, it belonged to a real sorceress, and she was angry as she lost a customer, due to Debra's fault, blaming her. With the power of the wish and the sorceress's angry spell, Debra soon vanished from sight while sleeping, leaving the town to find out in the morning that a teenager must have run away during the night presumably, never knowing that she was actually heading to a world she only saw last night.[Chapter 2] -December 5th, 485 AD- Across the seas from the undiscovered country of North America by then, upon a nation called the British Isles yet not called by that in this time, for upon the nation is a large island, England. In this time of the Anglo-Saxon Era, England were very much free of modern buildings, futuristic cars, or great cruise ships, just vast widespread green land and large properties surrounding the capital, the beloved city of the King and his Knights. Ruled by King Arthur who inherited the throne a few years ago, with the aid of magic and a legendary sword. He built Camelot, where the Round Table of Knights came to be, and he learned about magic, thanks to the resident mage of Camelot, Merlin. But now, with King Arthur traveling back home to Camelot after checking with the settlements upon the eastern border, Merlin detested a burst of unknown magic, and with his powerful skills, he was able to find that the new magic had brought forward someone new, someone who will bond with the King. Good or bad, Merlin doesn't know, but he has foreseen that King Arthur will meet the person very soon. Meanwhile, somewhere upon the green fields near the road to Camelot, a mud-colored speck is visible, but suddenly, the speck gave out a sound, revealing it as a dog! And just not a dog, but a former human girl, cursed to be a dog forever if the antidote is not found.. She used to have a tan complexion, long brown hair, light green eyes, but now, as a dog, she has a mud-colored brown scruffy pelt, big as a wild boar, and the only human feature left is her beloved green eyes. (Debra's P.O.V.) I moaned lightly as my muscles protested at the motion of stretching my legs, and I rubbed my face, startled to feel rough skin and fur, and I opened my eyes, and I screamed out loud as I saw a paw in front of me, jumping back to roll over, shaking my head. \"No, no, no, it gotta be a dream!\". I tried to pinch myself, but to my horror, I couldn't, thanks to my new paws. I breathed heavily as I stared upon my hands, no, my front paws, and split them apart to see my back legs, bearing paws as well, a long, thin tail whipping back and forward. I blinked again and again as I rolled over into my stomach, realizing that I had brown fur, and I was relieved for it as I saw the surroundings full of rich soil with tall grass. I was amazed at the smells as I wrinkled my new nose, controlling it as I sniffed around. I was bewildered as I am seeing color for I can see the distant colors of a incoming sunset, yet I was awed and amazed by the sheer beauty of it. I took deep breaths as I struggled to focus on standing upon four legs..It was incredible how my legs and arms are now equal as pretending to be a dog when I was human took my feet off the floor as I had my knees touching to be equal to my arms. I remembered how some stray dogs walk, and I took a deep breath, began my first steps as a dog, a freaking dog! I soon grew confident as I walked easier, faster, and I was having fun as I found out during the first run through the grass. I smelled smoke, and I realized that someone was out here, and I quickly followed the scent of smoke, soon discovering the familiar smell of cooked meat, and my ears picked up voices, males at that. I saw tents close by, the flickering sight of a fire, and silhouettes of the men gathered around the fire. I was shocked to see them looking animated yet amazingly real, and as I tiptoed upon my stomach, getting closer, I was further shocked by one of them which I instantly recognized. It was King Arthur from the movie last night! \"No way.\". I spoke softly, wincing as it came out as a growl, and some of the knights tensed up, raking all over, with King Arthur speaking, \"What has you alert, my friends?\". One of the knights spoke, \"Sounds like something's out there.\". Another knight spoke, \"It's wolves. It's midsummer, my King. They are bound to be hunting around this time.\". King Arthur frowned slightly, \"Perhaps, perhaps not. Please settle down, my friends. We have a long day tomorrow.\". The aforementioned knight nodded warily, \"Of course, but that doesn't mean there are dangers out there, through they aren't compared well to the forbidden forest in the west.\". I licked my lips as I saw some meat, and I knew it was a bad idea to miss dinner. My stomach growled, and I winced again as the knights tensed further, \"There, I heard something!\". I huffed under my breath, and held still as one of the knights picked up a torch from the fire, coming closer and closer, welding his sword out in defense. The torch moved within the man's hand, and one moment, I was watching him, the next, the man shouted, \"There, I got eyes! They're watching!\". I reacted instinctively as the sword reared upwards, yelping softly. King Arthur called out, \"Sir Ernest, settle your sword down! That's not a wolf, that's a dog! I'd know these kind of yelps anywhere.\". He got up, walking forward to grasp Sir Ernest's shoulder. Sir Ernest sighed, obeying his king's orders, sheathing his sword yet still hovering above it, ready to protect King Arthur at a moment's notice. King Arthur's warm brown eyes locked upon mine, a soft smile adorning his face. \"Please come out. You shall not be harmed.\". I blinked as I got up slowly, walked warily as I kept watching King Arthur's expressions, and I came into the clearing, my tail tight against myself. His smile became surprised as he saw me, and he chuckled warmly, \"Why, I would never thought that bright green eyes would fit such a scruffy dog.\". I tilted my head in confusion and a bit of embarrassment, and King Arthur's eyes widened, \"Nor that you'd be a smart one. You must be hungry, yes?\". I perked my ears, wagged my tail, yipped softly. King Arthur patted Sir Ernest's shoulder, \"See, no harm done. It must have strayed off from a farm or someplace.\". I whuffed softly, then I tensed up as I scented something bad. Something reeking of a illness. Then I saw it, slightly behind King Arthur's foot upon the edge of the grass. I bared my teeth as I pounced past King Arthur, my fangs catching into the flesh of the adder, shaking it back and forth, growling slightly. I panted heavily as I turned around to see the team of knights surrounding King Arthur, the torch alighting up the area, and I spat out the dead body out, gagging at the taste, shaking my tongue. I glanced back up at the slowly separating group of knights, letting through King Arthur, and he was greatly shocked yet relieved, and he leaned down, speaking to me softly, \"Thank you for saving my life, friend.\". He reached out a hand out to me, and I sniffed it, the scent of wood, metal, smoke upon it, and I sat down, raising my right paw up into his hand, and his eyes widened so big as I barked softly, \"You're welcome.\". I suppose he never saw a dog doing this before, though the dog had to be trained for it. For me, it's natural from the start.[Chapter 3] (King Arthur's P.O.V.) - A half hour later- I sat upon the soft ground as I ate my ration of supper, glancing momentarily upon my savior, a remarkably intelligent dog. She never dared to take the cooked meat from the ground itself, and I picked it up, rinsed it down some with the canteen water, and put it upon my polished metal plate, and placed it before her. Her bright green eyes gleamed of a emotion with a impossible motion of her nodding as if she is thanking me. I had never seen any dogs act like this before, why, they were only able to kill rats and mice in the castle, fighting each other for scraps and generous portions of meat. My savior seemed to be the only exception. I smiled as she licked clean the plate as she was obviously very hungry. \"I apologize, but I wonder if you have a name.\". She blinked at me, averted her ears back, whined as she nodded again. I was confused instantly. \"I don't understand, ma'am, of your expressions.\". She perked up, blinking at me, and then she got up, walking to one of my knights who's stroking the fire, and pawing at the stick. \"Ah, I see. Sir Trenton, give her the stick.\". Sir Trenton nodded, \"Of course, my king. Here, miss.\". She gently grabbed it in her jaws, turning her head over, and jamming the end of the stick into the ground. I waited patiently as she crookedly wrote her name, and moved backwards to give me and my knights full sight of her name. I spoke, \"Debra? I had never heard of that name.\". My knights echoed the same, and Debra averted her ears back, wrinkling her snout softly as if she didn't like it all her life. \"I take that Debra's your given name yet you seem to dislike it strongly. How about your family name?\". Debra startled a bit as if she hadn't considered it for a while through I can tell she is used to be called by her family name. She then moved again, swiped her first written name, then started again, writing a seemingly longer name. She moved back again to give us full sight, and I recognized it instantly. \"Hawthorn? Sir Walter, wasn't there a Hawthorn during my father's reign?\". Sir Walter, the eldest of my Knights nodded, \"Yes, sire. I am surprised as Favian Hawthorn whom I knew of, he was of age, just had became 6 and 10 years when I saw him the final time before he had gone off during your father's death. I suppose he had expected that war was coming.\". I nodded, \"Yes, several expected the same as well. Some of them returned once I became king. Miss Hawthorn, I must ask. Have you been cursed into this new body of yours?\". Miss Hawthorn whimpered, nodding firmly, affirming my suspicions. I exhaled, \"Magic then. Perhaps Merlin, my mage shall help you once we return to Camelot.\". Miss Hawthorn whipped her head up, dropping the stick, staring at me in surprise. I smiled gently, \"I owe you a favor. You have saved my life from a deadly adder, and for that, I wouldn't be happy if I had left you out here, hence my offer for you to come along. What do you say, Miss Hawthorn?\". Miss Hawthorn pulled out a full grin, her shiny fangs gleaming as she bowed down before me, and nodding as well as she got back up. I smiled at her, \"Then we must sleep, my friends, for the journey home awaits us on the morrow.\". My knights, my dear friends agreed heartily, with the youngest men volunteering to do the watch shifts. I soon went to sleep, never expecting to have a new person joining our camp, yet for some peculiar reason, I feel like I can trust Miss Hawthorn. She is a mystery, yes, but she is someone who's cursed. Who cursed her, I do not know, but I do know Merlin can help her. She may not like her given name, but I strangely like the name. Debra...[Chapter 4] (Debra's P.O.V.) -A day later- I ran quickly among King Arthur's horse, my tongue out as I was excited to see Camelot. Despite my human dignity, I couldn't help being a dog upon moments of emotion. The two leading Knights called out, \"Camelot in sight!\". I froze for a moment, nervous all of a sudden when King Arthur's voice sounded out, \"Miss Hawthorn, we won't let harm come to you. Camelot is the most safe place in my country.\". I blinked, glanced over at King Arthur who's giving me a reassuring smile, and I nodded. His smile grew, \"Shall we go on? Camelot is waiting for us.\". I barked softly, padding slowly as I turned around the corner, and I climbed into a boulder, and there it is. Camelot. It's pretty much the same as I remembered, yet it seems different in my eyes, maybe because of the direction where Camelot is facing me. We are slightly southeast of it while Kayley saw it directly south. \"It has been years since I and my people built the city, but somehow, it still gleams as it had upon the first day when we were completed building.\". King Arthur's voice spoke wistfully, and I glanced at him, seeing a purely content look on his face, and I realized that he is home.. Camelot is his home.. I yipped softly to grab his attention, and he looked over at me, and I pawed my stomach momentarily. He chuckled, \"Yes, every time I come home, there's sure to be a feast. You must be famished after today's journey, yes?\". I nodded, and licked my chops lightly, before I jumped down from the boulder, and pounced my paws back and forward, my ears slightly averted. King Arthur chuckled, \"I never had a friend challenge me to a race before, so this shall be interesting.\". He adjusted his seating upon his horse, pulled the reins tightly, and called out to Sir Trenton, \"Set us off.\". Sir Trenton nodded, \"Yes, my king. On your mark, get set, go!\". I came into a sprint, steadily coming into a run as I heard a neigh and a shout, and soon, a thunder of stomping hooves followed me and King Arthur as I could see him alongside. I howled lightly as I jumped over a rock, hearing King Arthur's deep laughter as it pierces the dusty air. Still following the road, I saw a group of kids playing, and I barked as loud as I could. One of the kids shouted, \"Look, it's King Arthur and the Knights! Is that the King racing a dog?\". King Arthur called out, \"I am winning, Debra! The bend, try to catch up!\". I grinned as I racked up my speed, and jumped into a large rock, and jumped high as I could, hearing a shout of surprise, and landing upon the ground with a flourishing sweep, acting as it was slippery ice. I pranced proudly as I realized that I actually beat a king in a race, King Arthur, no less! I won! King Arthur heartily chuckles as he pulls up near me, glancing down at me, \"You won fair and square, Miss Hawthorn.\". I grin at him, bowing slightly at him, gesturing that he raced fairly too. King Arthur smiled, \"Thank you for giving me a bit of fun. It has been long since I was a child. And look, we made quick time! Just a few more minutes, and you shall see Camelot in all its greatness.\". Sure enough, King Arthur was correct as Camelot is less than half a mile away, and it's really bigger than I thought. The glimpses of Camelot in the movie wasn't enough as it never gave the true size of the city. The fortress walls are really thick as they are tall. And the architecture of it doesn't even measure to the buildings back in my time. No one would never destroy such a great city like this. Rome isn't even compared to Camelot, the legendary city. Yet the impressionable and formidable size doesn't scare me as it is strangely feeling like it's a place for me to live in. Maybe my wish was actually coming true..through I hope Merlin can find out why I am a dog. King Arthur called me, shaking me out of my thoughts, and I looked over to him, and he now looked a bit relieved with a hint of concern. Was he worried for me? He spoke gently, \"Are you ready?\". I nodded, and walked on slightly, glancing at him. His smile grew, \"Supper awaits us. Let's go.\". He urged his horse on, and we both trotted on to Camelot, with the Knights following us.[Chapter 5] (King Arthur's P.O.V.) -2 hours later- The feast was fantastic, and I was relieved that Merlin was there. I led Debra to my chambers, figuring that Merlin needs privacy to find out why and how Debra got cursed. \"Merlin, this is Debra Hawthorn. She saved my life from a deadly adder yesterday. She implied that she is cursed. Gestures and words in the dirt isn't enough to know whom cursed her or why. \". I introduced Debra politely to Merlin, who sat upon a low stool on eye level to Debra. \"Yes, I can feel magic, powerful magic it is. I ask permission to enter your mind so I can discover how you came to be here before you met King Arthur, and who has cursed you as well.\". Merlin replied thoughtfully and formally. Debra took upon a look of conflicted thoughts. I sat upon the edge of my bed, speaking softly, \"Debra, er, Miss Hawthorn. Do you at least accept to be checked upon with Merlin's staff? Merlin often tells me that the staff contains magic, perhaps a spell could break your curse..\". Debra now looks a bit relieved at that, and nodded. She does not like the idea of Merlin entering her mind to make a connection upon communication, she must not want her privacy to be intruded personally. Merlin smiled warmly. \"Then Miss Hawthorn, please hold still. It will take a few moments to check upon your aura.\". Merlin politely requested, and Debra sat up straight, frozen as a statue, and Merlin exhaled, placed his staff inches above Debra's head, and closed his eyes. I exhaled breathlessly as I was amazed as always of Merlin's powerful magic, watching the staff glow white, the truest aura of pure magic as Merlin has told me upon a day long ago. It seemed like a matter of minutes yet only lasting a few moments when Merlin opened his eyes. \"I am afraid to say that the curse and a powerful wish had melded together for the curse came from a sorceress while the magic of a wish came from one of the most powerful stars of our world, the North Star herself. If it was the curse alone, I would have been able to break it easily, but even I couldn't force my magic upon the power of a star.\". Merlin spoke warily and reverently. I blinked as I struggled to make sense of his words, and asked in confusion, \"But you're a mage. How is such a well-known star be powerful?\". Merlin glanced at me, and sighed softly. \"Answer me this; how can a man be king?\". I blinked in surprise, \"Leadership and great of heart to fight for his people.\". Merlin nodded, \"Very true yet there is more beyond that. You see all the stars from here, but up there, they are as you and me.\". Debra yipped softly, and Merlin nodded, \"Yes, the stars are people yet they are more. You may say that they are celestial beings whom lives upon the stars as homes; magical kings and queens of their own realm, to be specific.\". I nodded in understanding, \"That does clarifies things, but what about Debra? Is there a way to break her spell?\". Debra looked at me with a grateful look, assuming that she sees that I care for her well-being, and she didn't seem to be insulted at the use of her given name from me. Perhaps it was the way I said of her given name, for perhaps in the past, people must have bullied her upon her given name, calling her cruel names. Merlin shook his head, \"I do know there's a way, but I cannot seem to know the specifications, as the melded curse and wish magic has complicated it so.\". Debra whimpered, averting her ears back. I sighed softly, \"Then I am willing to make your stay welcome if you want to live here in the castle. As you have proved your skills when you saved me, you can be my personal guard. What do you say?\". Debra blinked widely in shock at me, and bowed her head down to stare at her paws in thought. I realized this was a big decision for her, and I was willing to be patient and see her answer. She couldn't go anywhere if she wanted to..Being a dog is far difficult than being a lady is, or perhaps I am just overstating things. I heard a soft bark, and I glanced at her quickly, seeing her ears perk up, and a grin forming as she nodded. I smiled brightly, and I blinked as a idea came to me. She wouldn't mind if I could communicate with her in thoughts. After all, Merlin is still a stranger to her yet I am not. \"Debra..I must wonder if you want to still consider the idea of communicating in thoughts with me. After all, you are to be my personal guard. How else can I be able to understand your warnings, advice, and more if we cannot communicate?\". I asked curiously. Debra seemed to consider it a bit more warmly, and nodded. I heard a chuckle from Merlin, \"You are growing wise, Arthur.\". I smiled, \"Well, I had a good teacher.\". Merlin smiled, and nodded as he became serious. \"Give me a few moments for me to receive what I need for this spell.\". I nodded, \"Of course. I and Miss Hawthorn shall wait for you to return.\". Merlin smiled and left my chambers, heading to his own chambers down the hall. Debra placed a paw upon my knee, causing me to look at her expression which is of respect and curiosity. I gulped softly, \"I apologize if I was growing too familiar with your name. I actually like it, and I don't want to insult you...\". Debra raised an eyebrow, snorted casually, and smiled gratefully. I smiled softly, \"I am glad, and you don't have to call me King Arthur or your majesty. We are friends, yes?\". Debra nodded, and her eyes seemed to show a glimmer of hope and happiness.[Chapter 6] (Debra's P.O.V.) I was really excited to talk to Arthur even if it is telepathy. I can now get to know him further beyond yesterday. I had discovered that in different light positions, his eyes change from brown to brilliant dark blue, and I figured that his natural blue color has been tinged with brown. I also discovered that it has been a year since Ruber had been exiled and Sir Lionel killed over saving Arthur's life. Kayley must be 10 now as I figured the math roughly. Kayley had been born upon the day Arthur pulled Excalibur out of the stone. Which means there's 9 more years until Ruber returns. Arthur looked like 16 years old when he pulled Excalibur out, which means he was 26 at the beginning of the movie. Which means there's 10 years between me and Arthur as he's 27 right now. \"I am gleefully happy to know that I will get to know you truly. Pardon me, but communicating with gestures and motions even if sometimes in writing, especially as a dog, that must be difficult.\". Arthur spoke out loud, and I nodded, agreeing. Granted that it has been only a night and a day, but I already miss my long fingers, and my normal voice. I couldn't decide between two legs and four legs, as two legs makes me naturally clumsy, yet having four legs, I never slipped once or anything bordering upon injuries. I heard the familiar clicking sound of Merlin's staff, and I looked over to see Merlin returning with a few things in arm. I could smell traces of berries, seeing a vial of clear blue liquid, two scents I recognized instantly as lavender and pine, and a spell book as well. Merlin nodded, \"This will take quite a while to complete as it requires full commitment, relaxation, and quite some powerful magic to do so.\". I looked at Arthur, his eyes is taking upon determination, focus. I smiled brightly, nodding as I knew I wanted this very much as he does. He spoke for me, \"We are ready to do this, Merlin.\". I barked out loud as to affirm his words. Merlin bowed his head, \"Then I ask you to lay upon your sides on the bed, facing each other.\". Arthur moved some backwards to give me room to jump into the bed, resting upon my side almost immediately on the left while Arthur rested on his side on the right, facing me. Merlin placed the ingredients below and between us, placing a bowl forward, putting incense sticks of lavender and pine, a mortar crunching the berries in another bowl, and uncorking the vial, speaking to us in a soft yet strict one. \"Each of you, drink half of this. It shall bring out your aura energies to merge together as I speak the spell in a moment's time.\". Arthur took it carefully, sniffing it softly, \"Hmm, smells like burnt honey.\". He drank slowly, stopping at the marked line as the halfway point. \"Tastes like smoked apple.\". I blinked in surprise. They eat smoked apple here? I blinked again as I focused upon drinking the liquid with help, the scent hitting me quickly. Arthur was right of his earlier comments. It smelled like burnt honey, yet tasted like smoked apple. \"Very good. Now hold still. I have to mark your foreheads as a forepoint upon the connection between minds.\". Merlin's voice spoke again, and I saw Merlin's hand, his index finger soaked with some sort of berry mix that I smelled. Merlin marked Arthur, leaving a star-shaped mark of dark bluish-red, and then it was my turn, feeling funny, not the funny-bad kind, but more like the funny-curious kind as I soon had the mark. Merlin spoke again, \"Now hold paws and hands firmly as I alight the incense sticks.\". I blushed mentally as I felt his hands again. They strangely feel sorta callously soft as if he had worked upon a farm or something before he became king. I winced slightly at the difference, wishing again that I had hands, not furry paws. Arthur smiled at me gently, and I slowly realized that he accepted me as a dog, yet how could he react if he saw the real me? I ain't really pretty like some of the ladies I saw in the courtyard, or socially lady-like. Then the powerful scent of the incense sticks began to overwhelm my nose, and I couldn't stop my eyes from closing, seeing that Arthur is the same as well. I blacked out as soon as I heard Merlin's voice echo out the spell, speaking a foreign language, probably Latin. Anima nexum. Anima nexum. Then I saw flashes of color, flashes of memories I didn't recognize, until I saw the memory of Excalibur being pulled, and I realized that I was seeing Arthur's memories. I felt like something had left me momentarily, then came back with the peculiar feeling of something else... Then I found myself in a meadow of flowers including lavender, standing upon a wide clearing around the meadow, with the shadow of a large pine tree. I realized I was human again, and I spoke out so happily, \"I'm back, baby!\". I laughed softly when the surprised voice of Arthur spoke out nearby, the sound of footsteps. \"Debra? Is that truly you?\".[Chapter 7] (Arthur's P.O.V.) After I asked that fateful question, I held my breath as I stood, staring upon the backside of a young woman, dressed as a boy for she's wearing a dark blue tunic, black trousers, and brown shoes. She slowly turned around, her bright green eyes as confirmation that it's really her, Debra Hawthorn, my savior. Her long brown hair is like a waterfall past her shoulders, with a few strands upon her temples. Her skin, so tan as if it has been touched by the sun is actually complimenting her eyes, and she pulled a soft grin at me, \"Hello, Arthur.\". I exhaled as her voice is warm yet bell-like, and how she spoke my name, it gave me a unfamiliar feeling yet I liked it. I came closer, drawn by the appearance of Debra as human, taking in more features, like that her nose is petite, how tall she is, barely a few inches shorter than me, and that her face is heart-shaped. She looked quite concerned, perhaps about how I am reacting to her appearance. I smiled warmly, \"You are a incredible person. You look quite lovely.\". Debra blinked, exhaled, smiling shyly, \"Really?\". I nodded, \"Yes, Debra.\". The sound of her name upon my tongue is now taking upon a new meaning as I have seen the true self of her. Her bright green eyes gleamed brighter if that was possible, and she gave me a grin. \"How about a race? We're equals now.\". I chuckled happily, \"Oh, this time I will beat you!\". She giggled, sounding so musical like the soft coo of a dove. She then gestured to the meadow, \"Shall we?\". I grinned softly, tensing my body into a position, placing my feet firmly apart for a running start, and Debra laughed heartily, a bark-like sound. She blinked, \"Huh, I guess traces of my dog form leaks through me still.\". I nodded softly as Debra refocused, placing herself in a running start position alongside me. \"On your mark, get set, go!\". I called out, and dirt sprayed out back from me as I ran through the meadow, laughing and whooping as Debra playfully challenged me with a grin, being slightly faster than me. I accepted the challenge, and I bumped her, falling into the flowers. She spat out weeds, \"I'm gonna get you back for that!\". I laughed, \"Try to catch me!\". I ran faster, the fastest I could remember, hearing Debra's playful growling behind me, and I yelped in surprise, a weight jumping into me, and tumbling around as I heard Debra's shriek of surprise. Once I cleared my head of dizziness, I froze up as a statue, a blush burning up in my face as I realized that I was actually underneath Debra, my eyes locked upon her eyes, her hands over my shoulders, between my head into the dirt. We were literally face to face, barely a few inches apart. I could feel the warmth radiating off Debra, noticing the traces of dirt upon her skin and clothes, and the soft pants sounding out between us. Her eyes widened in surprise, rolling sideways to let go, and I grunted slightly as I got up, chuckling softly, \"You are good at pouncing. I never saw it coming.\". She averted her eyes, biting her lip lightly, looking down in embarrassment and sadness as she folded her knees up against her chest, sitting up. I don't know why, but immediately, I hated seeing her sad, and I scooted closer, my hand moving and touching her chin, causing her to look up at me while I inwardly loved the feel of her skin underneath, soft as a newborn baby's cheeks. I smiled gently, \"Don't be sad, Debra. Here, we are free. Not a king, not a dog. Just two people getting to know each other. We are together in this.\". Debra exhaled, \"Together?\". I grinned as I let go of her chin softly, getting up, bowing slightly to give her my hand for her to grasp so she can get up with my help, replying, very sure of my answer. \"Always together.\". Debra smiled so wide that she actually looks so radiant in the light, her green orbs sparkling of happiness, and she brought out her hand, placing it upon mine. The tingling feeling appeared and vanished so quickly as I opened my eyes in surprise, realizing that I was back on my bed, facing a open-eyed surprised Debra in her dog form. I heard Merlin's chuckle of triumph, \"Well done! Well done! The spell is complete!\". Oh, come on! I wanted to show Arthur the best way to climb the pine tree! I exhaled in shock as it sounded like Debra's voice yet I didn't hear it with my ears. \"Debra, I think I hear your voice somehow.\". Debra looked surprised. She blinked, and narrowed her eyes lightly. What was the last thing you said back in the meadow? I chuckled in delight. It is really Debra's voice in thoughts! I replied, \"Always together.\". Debra gave a doggy grin, her eyes bright. Yes, this works well for me and her. I have to thank Merlin for this. I got up, adjusting my neck softly, glancing at Merlin who's smiling at us. \"I'd never thank you enough for this, Merlin. This means a lot for me and Debra.\". Debra shook her fur softly, adjusting her body into a sitting position, barking softly with a nod. Merlin nodded, \"There's no need to owe me a favor. This is delightful for me as well, seeing that you're now bonded and communicating with each other. You are very much welcome. Now I must make my leave to go to rest. Don't concern yourselves. I am fine, really. I am very tired, that's all. Magic takes a lot out of me, especially with this spell.\". I nodded, understanding. \"Take all the rest you need to have your energy and magic back, my friend. I and Debra shall be fine.\". I spoke warmly. Merlin nodded with a soft smile. \"Good night, Arthur.\". I nodded firmly. \"Good night, Merlin.\". A bark sounded out from Debra, and Merlin chuckled softly, \"Good night to you as well, Miss Hawthorn.\". He left my chambers, heading to his chambers for the night. You think he's going to be alright?. Debra asked softly. I chuckled lightly, \"Merlin may be a elder, but I respect him, and I know he will have his strength back in time. After all, he's a mage.\". That's good to hear. This is the next best thing he'd done apart from finding how to break this curse of mine. So, is there something to do around here before heading to bed? Debra seemed to sigh in relief before casually asking. I chuckled softly, \"How about a game of chess?\". I am afraid that I have gotten a bit rusty, but chess is good. Debra spoke thoughtfully. I nodded, getting up from my bed, heading to the fireplace where before it laid two stools between a table holding a chessboard. Debra sprinted past me, hopping into the left stool. White for me. I smiled widely at her, humming lightly as I sat down in my seat on the black side.[Chapter 8] (Debra's P.O.V.) -2 years later- I was resting upon my paws as I listened to Arthur's talk with the lord of Ipswich, curled around Arthur's chair. It was that time of meeting up with the lords of several towns, which is now. The lords are in charge of the towns, acting like modern mayors which Arthur was amused about. Ever since the bonding spell that night, I had Arthur's memories collected and acknowledged by the end of the week, the same happened for Arthur with my memories. I learned that he grew up upon a farm, worked on chores, eventually became a squire when some knights passed through his hometown, which was Thetford. Upon a trip with his boss, he eventually met Merlin. He was surprised to hear that destiny awaited him, yet what, it was not known and realized until Excalibur. He actually helped with the construction, helping out with his hands! He planned out plots and places for his people to grow far and near by Camelot. He never taxed his people needlessly or selfishly, wanting them to be self-sufficient and happy. In the spring every year, he goes out to all the towns to see how everything's going. In return, he learned about my blissful childhood, the day that everything changed, the day my ex-mother left, my natural clumsiness, the shouting marthons of my father, occasional beatings, and the monthly bullying by my former school, the night I wished and vanished at the same time. He often comforted me if I had occasional nightmares, and he brought back the child in myself in the games we'd play, in the real world, and our dreamland escape which happens if we focused upon it during breaks in the daytime, and before we'd go to bed. We are truly best friends as I'd tell him anything, and vice versa from him as well. Arthur was happy to interpret for me to fellow knights, cooks, the neighbors outside the castle, and especially the children. However, I told him not to do it beyond Camelot as there would be enemies who would take advantage of it in the worst situations if anything happens, and that goes as well for the lords. Oh, I trust them, but not as closely as I trust my king first of all. Luckily, Arthur told the lords and strangers that I had saved his life from a deadly adder, and that I was his personal guard dog which is completely the truth, relieving me from having to lie or anything. A thump of a hand hitting the table startled me out of my thoughts and resting position. \"Did I hear correctly? A pack of wolves are harassing a farmstead and stealing their sheep?\". Arthur's voice was cool steel. The lord gulped lightly, \"Yes, my King. It first began upon the first warm day after winter broke out. 10 wolves at best.\". I growled lightly. Wolves?! Let's go! If I talk to these wolves, they would tell me why they're doing this. Arthur nodded solemnly, \"Where is the farmstead? I and my knights will put a end to this.\". The lord sighed, \"A hour out of Ipswich, in the south. If you see a twisted willow tree, the farm's very close by.\". Arthur sighed lightly, \"That's very good. Anything else we need to elaborate on?\". The lord shook his head, \"No, your majesty. I wish you a good journey, and be safe and well.\". Arthur smiled as he stood up, shaking the lord's hand, \"I wish you good luck on the current and new plans for Ipswich, Lord Fredrick.\". Lord Fredrick smiled softly, and I barked softly as I stood near Arthur. Arthur patted my head softly, \"Hawthorn is very anxious to meet those wolves.\". We then left, heading out of the Lord's manor, calling the knights over about the news of the wolves. I ran past Arthur's horse, sniffing as I went south, heading out of Ipswich, not worried as I am after all, Arthur's personal guard. Granted, living as a dog took awhile to get used to, but I can say that it has good benefits, such as heightened senses and better speed. As I got further, I got the scent of wolves, close to the dogs in smell yet there's a scent of wildness in them, almost like a earthy smell. I followed it quickly as I heard shouts and clobbering horseshoes behind me, realizing that Arthur and the knights are catching up, and soon enough, I saw the twisted willow tree. I growled lightly as the scent of the wolves are very fresh tonight. Arthur made it to my side, \"Are they here?\". Yes, they are. Let me speak to them. I will let you know if something goes wrong. Arthur nodded, \"Of course. Be careful, Debra.\". I then ran quietly and quickly, hoping that nothing goes wrong. There's a reason for everything, and there has to be a reason why the wolves are doing this.[Chapter 9] (Arthur's P.O.V.) I took a deep breath as I waited upon my horse, hoping that Debra gets through to the wolves. One of my knights came closer, and I glanced over, recognizing Sir Trenton. \"Sire, why are we waiting?\". I replied, \"Debra is going to face the wolves, talk to them so she can find out why the pack are harassing this farmstead and stealing their sheep. I trust her fully.\". Sir Trenton nodded, \"I understand, my king.\". I smiled softly, and hummed under my breath when suddenly pain flared up and down my left shoulder, and I shouted, clenching it tightly. Sir Trenton called out worriedly, \"Sire, are you hurt?\". I was to reply to him that I was pained yet I couldn't feel any blood soaking through when Debra suddenly shouted to me. Don't do anything rash! Your shouting nearly startled them! I huffed heavily, sent thoughts to her. My shoulder somehow hurts like hell! What is happening?! I heard a mental gasp. Oh, shit, that bonding spell must have done more than we thought! I am down into submission by the alpha. Wait, oh, are you kidding me?! Their puppies were kidnapped by the people down here after the puppies somehow wandered off from their den, through the babysitter was sleeping on the job! I growled lightly, and I was relieved as the pain went away instantly, and heaved lightly, looking over at the gathering group of concerned knights. \"I am fine. Turns there's more between my and Debra's bond than we thought. We must help Debra as she found out that the pack's children had wandered off some time ago, and was taken by the farmers here.\". \"Lead the way, my king.\". replied Sir Walter. I nodded as I sent my thoughts to Debra. Debra, tell them that we are going into the farmers' home and demand them of the pups' return. I need your help to find them. I have a feeling that one or two of the farmers are hiding the pups somewhere. After all, a guilty person hides evidence. I waited a moment until I heard a bark. The way is clear. The pack is fairly close, but still far off. Let's go. I nodded, and gestured to the knights, \"We're clear, do not do anything rash, understand?\". Nods and murmurs of agreement ringed around, and I urged my horse on, galloping upon the path that led to the farm nearby, seeing Debra join me. I smiled softly at first, then I blinked in shock as I saw a claw mark on Debra's left shoulder, bleeding. You're bleeding, Debra! A snort from Debra. Oh, really. I didn't notice. I nearly rolled my eyes with a amused hidden grin. You're growing into your sarcasm. Must be those chess games. Come on, let me bandage you. I may not be good as Merlin with healing, but I can still give a good bandage wrap, thanks to practice. Not that deep, this wound is. Rather a painful one, but still able to walk on this leg. Debra responded with a glance at me. I nodded lightly, and sighed as I realized that we finally arrived. I swung off my horse, landing in the courtyard, glancing at the family. Two men, a woman, and two very young children. The second man must be the man's brother or the woman's brother. \"Hello. I presume you know who I am?\". I asked politely. The husband, the light brown-haired one, he spoke, \"Yes, we have heard of you, your majesty. How may we help you?\". I smiled solemnly, \"The lord has informed me of your wolf problem. May I come in, with my guard dog, and a couple of knights, so we can plan how to erase this problem?\". The husband nodded, \"Of course. You must be thirsty after the ride, how about some drinks of water?\". I smiled softly, calling Sirs Trenton and Walter over, and I whistled, pretending to call Debra over. We came into a very modest entryway, with Sir Trenton guarding the door, with Sir Walter at my right side, and Debra at my left side, subtly noticing that she's picking up scents. \"You know me, but I do not know your names.\". I replied calmly, and the husband chuckled, \"How rude of me! I am Gideon. My wife here is Helena. My brother here, his name is Samuel. My children, little Juniper, and tiny Conrad.\". I nodded, \"Good, good. Miss Helena, may we have our drinks?\". Miss Helena smiled warmly, \"But, of course! I shall be back within a moment's time.\". She left to the kitchen as a mental nudge came to me. Found something! But it's under this table and rug! I can smell the puppies through it's faint. I blinked considerably, and took the time to look around casually, gasping slightly, \"Hawthorn, what has you troubled, girl?\". Debra took my hint and barked excessively loud, grabbing all attention as she pawed and snuffled underneath the parted rug yet the table kept it stuck. She growled lightly as I called out, \"Sir Walter, can you get the table off, please?\". Sir Walter nodded, \"Yes, my king.\". He came over, taking off the table, moving it off to the side as Debra went increasingly concerned, pawing the rug away further, uncovering a latch door. I narrowed my eyes, \"Who can tell me why that is there, and now bothering my guard dog?\". Nobody spoke for a minute when suddenly Samuel nearly sprinted past me, but was caught quickly by Sir Trenton, causing him to firmly push Samuel into the floor with a angry glare. I nodded, \"Keep him down and quiet. I must see what's down there as it's clearly worrying Hawthorn.\". Debra barked, whined, yipped, whimpered as Sir Walter opened the latch door.[Chapter 10] (Debra's P.O.V.) I quickly climbed down the wooden ladder, jumping off the last rung into the cool, compacted soil, causing a brief flare of pain from my injury which I ignored, through I heard a low hiss from Arthur as he and Sir Trenton followed me down. I followed the faint scent of the pups, walking faster as it got stronger and stronger until I nearly bumped into a wooden/metal door, and I scratched it, hearing whines and whimpers behind it, and I barked, \"Hold on, pups! I'm here to get you out of here!\" . I sent thoughts to Arthur. They're behind the door! Hurry! I heard Arthur call out, \"Sir Trenton, keep them out of here! Debra seems to have found the pups, whom's behind this door.\". The last comment whispered. I heard Sir Trenton calling out, \"Yes, King Arthur!\". Arthur joined me by my side, grabbing the iron hold, and with a grunt, pulled it open. As soon as the door was open wide enough to let me through, I ran inside, the pups's scent filling up this space which pisses me off as it's barely as big and wide as a closet pantry. \"Hello? It's okay, little ones. Your mama's really worried. She sent me to save you all.\". \"Is the scary human gone?\". whispered a little voice. I sighed lightly, \"He won't bother you anymore. Can you please come out?\". Three sets of eyes came out of the darkness, coming into the slight light of the torch which I presumed Sir Trenton had alighted up. I carefully came closer, smiling and licking the tears off a pale white-furred female pup, her soft blue eyes blinking in relief and hope. \"It's all right. Don't cry, darling.\". The pup sniffed, pawing at her nose, and I saw that she looks like her mother almost alike apart from being 3 months old and having her father's eyes. A soft growl nearby, \"Is he gonna hurt us?\". I looked over to the black-furred male, having burnt amber eyes, obviously looking like his father in appearance yet having his mother's eyes. \"He's a good human. He's my best friend, and he has come to help me save you and get you back to your parents.\". I replied softly with a bright smile. \"You promise?\". spoke a soft voice. I looked to the left, upon the right side of his white-furred sister, is a gray/black male pup with hazel eyes. I nodded, \"By my life. Now your parents told me of your names; Dart, Wildberry, and Fleet?\". The white-furred girl piped up, \"I am Wildberry!\". The black-furred one spoke, \"Dart's my name.\". I smiled, and chuckled as I glanced at Fleet, apparently the third pup. \"You ready to get out of here?\". Yips of agreement, and I guided them out, with Arthur smiling and chuckling at the happy, freed pups. No injuries I could find. Figure that the man planned to have them grow, and then kill them for their fur. I spoke to Arthur. Arthur nodded. Hard to believe that they were down here for a long time. The pack will leave as soon as they receive the pups, yes? That's probably the best way for sure, as if it was me, I'd done the same. I replied softly. Arthur gave a sigh, and I heard Wildberry speak to me, \"Who are you?\". I gave a chuckle, \"It's Debra.\". Wildberry tilted her head as she trotted by me, \"That's a funny name, but it's also pretty too!\". I licked her between her ears softly. \"Thank you, Wildberry. Ah, here we are, the way out. Can you climb?\". I encouraged her softly. Wildberry shook her head. \"Can you please carry me?\". I smiled softly, nodding. \"Of course, darling.\". I softly picked her up in my jaws by her scruff, gesturing to the ladder toward Dart and Fleet, who grinned at me, agreeing. I climbed up first, seeing that Sir Trenton was up top, keeping the family away, and Wildberry whimpered softly as we came into the room. Soon, I felt Dart and Fleet underneath me, growling and whining as they saw Samuel unconscious. I put Wildberry down, seeing her run underneath to join her brothers. Arthur came besides me, \"I apologize to say this, but your brother must be exiled for this crime, keeping taken children from a family. I care for justice of any kind. Children must not be separated from their parents no matter what.\". I huffed, barking at the door. \"Sir Walter, open the door so Hawthorn can take the pups home to their parents.\". Sir Walter nodded, \"Yes, sire.\". He opened the door. \"Here you go, Hawthorn.\". I snorted, and I went on, guiding the pups with my snout and paws. The pups were happy to see the moon and the stars, yelping in happiness, and soon, joy and tears as soon as they saw their parents, the Alpha and his mate; Shadow and Snowstorm. I bowed in submission as Shadow approached me. \"I can't thank you enough, Debra. If you have need of help, howl for me by name yet I cannot know if we are able to, as we have to move several times, especially now for our children. You are a honorable wolf in this pack, thanks to saving our children from those humans. I am grateful. I pray that Fenrir light your way, my new friend.\". I nodded as I got up, speaking happily and politely, \"But of course. Any wolf or dog can do it. I thank you, Alpha Shadow. I pray that Fenrir light your way, all of you. \". I bowed my head slightly, turned around to join Arthur who's now sitting upon his horse with the knights joining him, waiting for me at the entrance, with a roped Samuel upon a horse as well. \"Debra, wait, you're not gonna forget us, are you?\". whined Wildberry as she blinked up at me after nuzzling my leg all of a sudden. I laughed as I ruffled her fur on her head, \"I am not going to forget you, Wildberry! You're really brave, surviving a nasty human's home. You're going to be a great huntress, and hey, when you go on your first hunt, make sure to grab a great deer for me, okay?\". Wildberry smiled, and licked my cheek, \"Okay, I will! I won't forget you either. I promise!\". I nodded, and waved my tail softly as a gesture of goodbye, heading off with a running start. Arthur was momentarily off, gesturing with a bundle of bandages, and I groaned lightly, standing up still once I arrived at his feet. Fine. But you owe me after this. Arthur laughed as he leaned down toward my shoulder, unwrapping the bandages. Chess again once we get home, huh? I snorted with a grin. Actually, how about our fantasy place, say, two hours? Arthur sighed, \"You're going to do something, I just know it.\". I gave out a bark-like laugh.[Chapter 11] (Arthur's P.O.V.) -6 years later, morning- I yawned widely as I woke up to the peeking sun which is shining through my chamber windows. I heard a snuffle close by, and I looked over to see Debra sleeping upon her specifically bed through it's fit for her dog size in the distance. I sighed lightly, blushing internally as I remember fragments of my sole dream. I kissed Debra again... I swear as the years passed through, her human form only grew beautiful and I couldn't stop myself from falling in love towards her, and it didn't help that she sleeps in my chambers, but she is a dog; a cursed woman in a dog's body, nonetheless. I was grateful when that day, after the wolf pup rescue a week earlier, Merlin had told us that our bond had grew stronger as we spent time together so much, so much that I can send thoughts to Debra without having to voice out loud, and that if one of us gets wounded or worse, the partner can feel the pain, yet no real implications of bleeding or such. Which is why I felt pain through Debra's wound when afflicted. Ever since, we were careful upon trips every year, through we had discovered that Debra's claw mark had disappeared in our fantasy land some time later, perhaps by Debra's wish to have it gone after she was embarrassed of it, crying about it as a child teased quite cruelly about it one time. I was angry, of course, telling the mother to please properly reprimand her child on acceptance and feelings. Debra had a really bad nightmare that night, and it was the one and only time that I allowed her to sleep with me for comfort, and when I woke up, I found her snuggling into my body almost human-like. I was almost relieved that she didn't have a distinctive bosom otherwise I may not have controlled my body as I did. Yet honestly, I came to discover that I liked to see her sleeping besides me, having a peaceful look. I almost didn't see it when she was thanking me awkwardly after she woke up, but I swore that I saw a blush though her fur, proving that she seemed embarrassed that I slept with her, through I had offered to sleep in the lounge chair by the fireplace. Then there was last year's 'Christmas', as Debra told me of, through I am fairly disappointed that it didn't exist in my world, just not yet.. Somehow, she was talking about the wonders and traditions of Christmas, including one silly, romantic tradition known as mistletoe kissing. And the pine tree in our fantasy land had impossibly sprouted out a spring of mistletoe. We had to kiss, and even if it had lasted a few seconds, so bitter-sweetly wonderful.. Because of our hesitation and embarrassment, that kiss came to be the beginning of my sole dreams about her, about us.. I blinked as a knock sounded out, and looked over to see Debra yawning, scratching her ear softly, stretching out her legs, before she walked over to my brasserie next to my desk, grabbing my morning robe. It was summer, and we were in the time of hot days and warm evenings, and I was often embarrassed as I wasn't wearing a shirt nowadays during bedtime. Debra seemed to grin at me. Today's the day we receive the Knights. She gave me my robe, and I chuckled softly, wrapping the robe around myself, moving the covers off myself. Yes, and it is also the day I lost one of my Knights. Oh, Sir Lionel, may you rest in peace. A frown crossed my face quickly as I remembered... The knock came again, and I sighed, getting up, calling out, \"Yes, yes, come in!\". Sir Trenton came in, bowing slightly, \"Pardon me, my king, but we are receiving the first few Knights from nearby. The ones from the far lands are to arrive by this afternoon.\". I nodded, \"Most excellent news. Please have breakfast for them if they are hungry. And have breakfast sent to us, as I aim to spend my free time this morning before the meeting begins this afternoon once lunch is completed as well.\". Rabbit and corn, please. Debra replied. I nodded. \" A bowl of oatmeal with a apple, and some water for me, and Debra as well. She asks for cooked rabbit and corn.\". Sir Trenton nodded, \"Yes, sire. It shall be coming. May this day go well as the sun shines upon us.\". He then left with another bow. I smiled at Debra. Checkers this time? Debra grinned. Sounds good! It's hard to believe that you beat me in chess many times yet I beat you in checkers many times! We're even! I chuckled, raising an eyebrow. \"If I remember right, I beat you at least 50 times this month, and you're barely reaching by 40!\". Debra growled playfully. Oh, yeah? Bring out the cobblestones, and you're going to eat those words! I gave out a hearty laugh.[Chapter 12] (Debra's P.O.V.) -Hours later- I sighed deeply as I rested close to Arthur, listening to all the conversation between all the knights and Arthur. I knew sooner or later, the griffin will be here.. I was delighted to see all the Knights safe and well, through I was sad to observe that they all felt the missing presence of Sir Lionel as much as Arthur did. I tried to cheer Arthur up all this morning, cheating slightly to give him most of the wins in checkers. He might have noticed, but he never said anything about it, probably knowing that I just don't like to see him sad or depressed. Yet I was a bit appreciative and embarrassed when I took a peek at his chest... I really am falling in love since that mistletoe kiss. Yes, it was short, but there was a spark. It's really there... And now as the years passed, I am 24 and Arthur is 34 now, honestly, our friendship has only gotten stronger with our bond, and there's definitely love... But what kind? Platonic love or romantic love? I blinked as I was a bit startled by Arthur's chair moving back slightly, glancing up to see Arthur smiling at me. Sorry to startle you, Debra. You okay? I nodded softly. I'll live, Arthur. Just startled me from my own thoughts, that's all. Arthur's smile grew, nodding, and turning his head around to speak to the Knights. \"In the ten years since Sir Lionel's death, equality, and freedom, have spread throughout the lands. Excalibur, has given us the strength to stand together against all injustice.\". I hear applause all around, knowing it was the knights. Arthur continued on, \"Camelot has prospered beyond our greatest dreams-\". I jumped up at the sound of the tower crumbling, and a loud screech announced the griffin's arrival. The torches went out instantly, sending the atmosphere into near darkness with the windows behind us, still giving out moonlight. The knights could barely see the griffin with Arthur staring quite warily, yet I could see the griffin clearly as daylight, thanks to my dog sight as I heard Sir Walter's whispered voice, \"It's a griffin.\". I leaped into the table, growling at the griffin, my haunches raised furiously as I hid Arthur from sight momentarily. \"You dare trespass into Camelot? Get out of here before I injure you, griffin.\". The griffin widened its eyes in surprise, then narrowing them in anger and disbelief, roaring at me. I barked loudly, \"So be it!\" , jumping higher and faster into the griffin's face, my jaws biting into its ears as I clawed upon its beak and eyes. The griffin screeched loudly, shaking me off furiously as its talons pierced me in the leg, and I howled in pain, returning a injury for a injury as I backclawed into one of his eyes, hearing a screaming yowl of pain. I heard the wind, no, his wings flying momentarily as he shook me off, grabbing me with one full paw, and I saw his glowing green eyes up close as he glared at me, clearly pissed off. He snarled, \"I shall get Excalibur no matter what, no one or anything shall stop me, not even you, false wolf.\". I growled angrily at his threat, but before I could do anything, he threw me, and the last moment of my knowledge was Arthur shouting for me, and darkness was the last thing I knew, with a flare of intense pain in my front right leg in the next moment. It seemed like hours when I found myself in my and Arthur's dream escape. I was in my recent chosen clothes as I had visited here only a few days ago, wearing shorts and a t-shirt. I sighed lightly as I saw my leg injury, my back left leg..It was a bit deep, luckily didn't hit a major artery, but still a angry red chain of four talon wounds. The pain is invisible here, but I assume once I wake up, it would be hell to walk. For some reason, I really miss seeing Arthur as we come here at the same time, every time, but with the griffin, and the blackout, I must be in some kind of unreachable trouble as I couldn't hear his voice, hear his directed thoughts, or feel the bond. Sometime in the next few minutes as I sat under the pine tree, glancing upon the meadow, I felt the flare of pain in my right arm, and I knew immediately that the Griffin had injured Arthur and stole Excalibur, all in the same scene as I remember from the movie. The only addition was myself protecting Arthur for a bit and getting injured in the midst. Yet, for some reason, I couldn't get myself to wake up as I really want to see Arthur again, comfort him, talk to him, but there's a block of darkness that's stopping me. I don't know if it was the cause of the blackout, or Merlin putting me in a potion-induced coma as my injury at the moment is far more of the wound type than the superfluous type. I just pray that Arthur isn't too worried about me as I am practically his best friend, and his savior two times over.[Chapter 13] (Arthur's P.O.V.) -A half hour later- I'd never imagined having Debra fighting a griffin just to protect me, yet it happened. And when I received the intense flare of the pain from that injury which the Griffin caused, it was hell-raising, and her piercing howl overcame my scream, but when I saw her thrown toward the table, my heart jumped and broke at the same time...Is that possible? Nothing is comparable to the pain in my heart, not even when the Griffin injured my arm and stole Excalibur as I had half a mind on Debra, praying that she's alive, getting over the table to her... Her blood splattered coat..her beautiful green eyes closed... her leg bleeding... I was relieved to see her breathing, yet my heart fell once more as I couldn't reach her in my thoughts, calling for her to wake up, touching her cheeks, hoping that she had felt something, but nothing, not even a twitch of her paw or a groan of pain. I felt a hand upon my shoulder, barely hearing a voice over my panicked worry of losing Debra to excessive bleeding or something. \"My King, sire, we have a runner to get Merlin here to help. We've called out the emergency horn for the news of Excalibur. Please, my king, let us help you to your feet.\". I shook my head, \"No..I can't leave Debra. She's alive and breathing! I can't lose her! Debra, please wake up! I can't bear losing you! Please..I love you.\". I sobbed and whispered my last words as I touched her ear, rubbing it softly, hoping that she would at least twitch her paw, thinking that a bug is bothering her. I fully realized that I truly love her, and I can't lose my best friend, my savior, my confidant. I don't know if she heard me, but I knew I had said it out loud. I'd never lie in anything, and if I know Debra, she would be neither sarcastic-serious or curious-confused at this kind of truth, especially the truth of showing a hidden emotion, the emotion of love. Oh, I knew that we liked each other, trusted each other, watched our backs, laughed with each other, yet do we love each other? I love Debra. But does she love me? A King, a scrawny yet brave man, older than her? I knew that many ladies marry much older men in arranged marriages, large dowries, or even cousin marriages in my time. Yet in Debra's century, many ladies marry slightly older men or slightly younger men from courtships, large bride prices in several countries in the east, or simply elopement many times by interracial couples. I'd be happy to elope with Debra if I wasn't King, yet I am King. I can change laws and rules, but I cannot change people's minds. Debra may not be a noble lady or a princess, but I do not care for I love her for who she is. She makes me feel like I was a free man, free from rules, laws, speeches, writing pardons, practicing sword-fights with fellow men, or learning new things from Merlin. She makes me feel like I am just Arthur. \"Arthur, let us get Miss Hawthorn to your chambers. Pardoning the Round Table, it's not comfortable for her to rest upon. She needs her bed, and warm water and some bandages.\". I heard Merlin's voice. I sighed as I gingerly got up, grunting slightly as I almost lost balance, but Sir Trenton caught me, and I sighed, cradling my injured arm. \"I am fine, please carry her, Sir Trenton, and be careful .\". I warned him firmly, and he nodded, \"She is one of the family, my king. We truly care for her. I will be conservative for Debra's well-being.\". I exhaled, moving slightly to let Sir Trenton pass and pick up Debra delicately and carefully while I glanced around to see the rest of the knights wearing looks of accepted recognizance and concerned hope. I realized that they saw my emotion outburst all through the chaos this evening, and I realized that they have seen that I truly love Debra. And they all knew Debra all those years, talking and teasing. I was relieved that they were happy for me and Debra, but now they are all worried about Debra as the griffin injured her greatly. I was concerned immediately when Debra didn't make a sound of distress from the motion of Sir Trenton adjusting her in his arms, and I followed by instantly, with Merlin coming along, getting down from the table with help, and heading to my chambers. I got down upon my knees as Debra was laid down upon her bed, and Merlin asked the knights to leave the room. \"Can you get to her in the mind? I couldn't reach her...\". I replied, terrified as Merlin quickly wrapped her injury, wiping off the blood splatter off her coat. Merlin sighed heavily. \"I can't promise it would work, but I shall try. The trauma of the injury and the crash with the Round Table may have compromised the mind connection.\". I bit my lip nervously as Merlin laid a gentle hand upon Debra's forehead, seeing that he had closed his eyes, and saw his hand glow the familiarly white aura. I only can pray that Debra is waiting at our dream escape and that Merlin will make it there, explain all to her. I have a feeling that she will ask for me at once when she sees Merlin.[Chapter 14] (Debra's P.O.V.) I sighed softly as I scribbled something into the dirt with a stick from the pine tree, hoping that either Merlin or Arthur can reach me soon. I pushed back a stubborn strand over my ear, grateful that Arthur had braided my hair two weeks ago as it had grown to reach my waist. I liked the feeling of his hands fingering through my hair after I had conjured up a brush to make it manageable, and making a wonderfully fit braid. He never did it before, but I told him that he did well. I swore I saw a blush and a glimmer of something in his eyes when I faced him. It was hard to hide my blush as we were so close, but we luckily changed the subject, through I wanted to know if he's feeling it too as I am, that fuzzy warm feeling when we would smile at each other. His smile had stirred up something in me as I knew I was falling in love with him. \"I never realized you would draw so well, Miss Hawthorn, and such a portrait of Arthur, indeed.\". spoke a voice softly, and I startled, turning around, gasping as I saw Merlin standing before me. \"Merlin, is Arthur okay?! I knew he got hurt, but is he all right?\". Merlin smiled gently, \"Do not worry, Arthur is well. His right arm is injured, thanks to the injured griffin. I heard that you have blinded one of his eyes, and several knights had the chance to see it. You have protected Arthur at the cost of your life.\". I sighed, \"Merlin, I confess that I truly love him. He's my best friend, a incredible listener, and he trusts me. He may be my king, but to me, he's a wonderful man. I'd do anything to protect him, and for lord's sake, I fought a griffin who's literally 2/3 bigger than me!\". Merlin nodded, chuckling lightly. \"I have no doubt that you and Arthur are made for each other. He has been so concerned for you. He hadn't noticed, but he had cried when he thought he was going to lose you. You have to fight to come back to your body.\". Arthur cried? For me? I blinked as I unknowingly had gotten up, and I sighed, \"How can I do that? There's like a huge block of darkness when I try to wake up. At first, I thought it was one of your potion-induced spells to put me into a healing coma or something.\". Merlin placed a hand upon my shoulder, smiling reassuringly. \"Miss Hawthorn, there is always a way. You have to believe in yourself, and find yourself within.\". I bit my lip, \"But how?\". Merlin patted my shoulder warmly. \"Remember and see who you are.\". Merlin spoke softly when his body shuddered and shimmered. \"This is getting hard for me to hold into. Remember, Debra Hawthorn. Arthur needs you..\". He then vanished, leaving me gaping and gobsmacked as I tried to understand what he was saying. I sighed deeply, twiddled my braid, narrowing my eyes in determination, \"Every minute counts. I got to get back.\". I looked at my drawing, no, my portrait of Arthur; his eyes, his smile, his square jaw, his strong nose, his wonderful beard lining up with his locks framing his face, the peeking of his ears. I nodded to myself, and walked over to the pine tree, glanced over to see the spot where I and Arthur had kissed under the mistletoe, smiling softly as the shadow of the tree covered me with a strange presence feeling like someone's watching over me, not intruding, but more like a gentle observation. I then sat down into a loose-like Lotus Pose, just like I saw back in my..old life. I closed my eyes, breathing slowly in and out, focusing upon the block of darkness. I mentally chipped at it, looking for any trace of light, any sign that I can get out and go back. \"You may not think you are getting through, but you are now trekking the first step, my little cricket.\". A warm voice spoke nearby. I opened my eyes, my legs springing into action, my eyes now cold as I am facing my ex-mother. I growled lightly. \"Why are you here? You are not supposed to come back and ask me to forgive you! You left me because of him!\". My ex-mother, Isla Hawthorn sighed heavily, bowed her head sadly. \"You are angry, Debra.\". I snorted, \"What do you think?\". Isla nodded, \"You have been focusing upon your bad memories all this time. I admit I left you, but it was for your safety.\". \"My safety?! My safety?! Why did you leave me for my safety when you knew that Dad was going crazy?!\". I yelled at her, furious and angry. Isla looked straight at me. \"Debra Iris Hawthorn, listen to me. I didn't know that your father was going crazy after I left. He was paranoid mad.. He swore he'd kill you if I did call the cops on him.\". I exhaled sharply, surprise and suspicion filling in me as I stared at her. \"How am I to know if you are telling the truth?\". Isla held out a hand, smiling softly and sadly, \"You may hate me now, but I do not hate you. You are always my daughter, and I never forgot you..my little cricket. I love you.\". I blinked, hearing that long-forgotten pet name that she always used in love and affection, and shocked that she still loved me after all this time.. I bit my lips nervously, staring at her. \"You're dead, ain't you?\". Isla nodded lightly, and I gasped softly, reaching for her hand, hoping that she's actually real here in my dream escape.[Chapter 15] (Arthur's P.O.V.) I sighed deeply as Merlin wrapped a sling around my injured arm, glancing at Debra who hadn't moved a muscle, nothing. \"I couldn't imagine what she's experiencing right now. Thank goodness she's fine in our dream escape, but how much longer must she be like this?\". I spoke softly out loud. Merlin sighed lightly, \"Remember, bonds like yours are very special and rare. I'd never had the need to check upon a comatose bonded person before until now. I do not know how long she has to get through the block, find herself within, but know this. Miss Hawthorn is a strong, impressionable woman, and she will come back to you. She said herself; you are her best friend, and more.\". I nodded, \"I hope so.\". I blinked, taking a double take, \"Look, her paw is twitching!\". Sure enough, her front left paw was twitching lightly. I heard Merlin chuckle, \"I had no doubt. You and Debra are bound to be together.\". I looked over in surprise. \"It was obvious?\". Merlin smiled softly as he finished up the bandages in the sling, \"Arthur, all the castle residents could see it. Now, I believe there's a way to break her curse, and I am starting to discover the antidote, but slowly. It's taking me time.\". I smiled in relief, \"You know what it is?\". Merlin nodded lightly, \"Yes, but I can only hint at it as you and Debra has to work together to break the curse.\". I moaned, \"No, not one of your riddles, Merlin.\". Merlin smiled shamelessly, \"Afraid so.\". I hated his riddles, and every time I had to solve one, it took me months! How can I break Debra's curse with a riddle?! I changed the subject quickly. \"Any news, Merlin? About Excalibur?\". I asked before I cringed, flinching at the pain as the sling moved my injured arm slightly higher. Merlin shook his head, speaking, \"I'm afraid not.\". I narrowed my eyes, replying back, \"Then I'll go after it myself.\". I get up from my bed, but I suddenly collapse, and Merlin catches me in time. Merlin warned me, a stern tone in his voice. \"No! You'll have to regain your strength. And you have to see to Debra as well while she heals and fights her way to come back to you.\". I sighed, nodding as I looked out to the lands beyond Camelot, the balcony nearby. \"Is there anything that your magic can do?\". I felt Merlin's hand resting upon my shoulder. I looked over to him. Merlin spoke strongly and gently, \"You must rely on the courage of your people, Arthur.\". I blinked, \"I understand, Merlin. It's just hard, knowing that Excalibur's out there, with that griffin! I couldn't help feeling vulnerable.\". \"I understand your peril, Arthur, but there's always a way, a silver lining if you will. Now do you want to hear my riddle? It will give you something to think over, and save Debra from her curse.\". Merlin spoke assuredly and thoughtfully. I nodded, sighing as I reluctantly accepted his question. \"Yes, Merlin. Give me the riddle.\". Merlin smiled softly, speaking in a powerful voice. \"I can be blind, I can be powerful, I can be difficult, deep, complicated, and tender at the same time. What am I?\". I blinked, already confounded by the riddle. Thoughts tumbled inside my mind as I tried to figure it out, barely making it to my chair, sitting down. I heard Merlin's teasing voice. \"I shall leave you for the night as suppertime approaches. Good luck, my king. I wonder if you will break your past record.\". I halfheartedly glared at him, \"Oi, it was a week before I solved the last one!\". Merlin chuckled, \"Indeed. Good night, Arthur.\". He left my chambers, leaving me and Debra in peace, causing me to think about Debra, looking over to her, seeing that her body is now twitching and shivering. I softly got up gingerly, grabbing a blanket, and laying it over Debra, smoothing it down. I sighed softly as I caressed her neck, listening to her soft breathing. \"Come back to me, Debra. You're a heck of a fighter. You saved my life...twice.. I suppose you are listening to me now. I hope you're doing all right in your mind. You nearly gave me a heartstroke, you know that? I'd like your help with this darn riddle.\". I snorted, \"I mean, 'Blind, powerful'?. That must be a mole as moles are underground in blindness and using powerful claws. But how can a mole be difficult and tender at the same time? Maybe it's a person. A person can be blind, but how could a blind person be powerful? Or how can a powerful person be complicated? Maybe by his or her past like you are? Oh, don't blame me, Debra, but your past was difficult...I mean, you told me of your er, dysfunctional family.\". I shook my head, \"Oh, great, I'm obsessing again over this stupid riddle.\". \"Okay, okay, let's try this again.\". I muttered as I rested back upon my bed, the pillows boosted up to give me support. \"Well, I know animals and humans can be blind, powerful, difficult, complicated, tender, but deep? How can animals and humans be deep? Unless they're swimming in deep water.\". I rubbed my eyes softly in frustration toward this infuriatingly hard riddle. \"Maybe some sleep would give me the answer. Good night, Debra.\". I closed my eyes, welcoming sweet blissful sleep as my world became dark.[Chapter 16] -Nearly 2 days later- A chain of wagons approached the walls of Camelot, with a well-known, respected lady at front of the lead wagon. Knights acknowledged her, opening up the gates. A couple of Knights traded news, with the second one heading into the castle to enter Arthur's chambers. \"Pardon me, my king, but we have a unexpected visitor. It's Lady Juliana.\". Sir Ernest spoke out to King Arthur and Merlin who's speaking of the riddle with glances at the still unconscious Debra. Arthur got up from his chair softly, \"Ah, good. Tell her that I'll receive her at the Round Table.\". Sir Ernest nodded, \"Yes, sire.\", leaving King Arthur's chambers. Arthur turned to Merlin, \"We'll continue this later, Merlin. Please stay with Debra.\". Merlin nodded, smiling softly. \"Do not worry. I believe she will be back soon.\". Arthur smiled softly, heading over to Debra's bed, leaning down, stroking Debra's paw, \"I shall be back, Debra.\". Arthur then left his chambers, with Merlin looking at Debra, \"Your energy's getting stronger. Perhaps you know what shall break your curse, Miss Hawthorn.\". Suddenly, a weak whimper sounded out as soon as Merlin finished speaking. Meanwhile, Arthur gingerly made it to the corridor from the stairs near his chambers. He cradled his injured arm gently as he walked down the corridor, making his way into the large tower's floor by using stairs once more. He called out, \"Juliana? Are you here?\". A voice called out, \"Ta-ta!\", revealing the owner of the voice as the exiled Ruber whom is sitting in Arthur's half-destroyed chair. Arthur clutched his arm closer, glaring in shock and surprise, \"Ruber?!\". Ruber cackled, \"Oh, looks like the little king himself has gotten injured. Such a pity.\". Arthur barely heard the doors behind him which is locking up as he looked around for a way out, and suddenly locked his eyes upon weapon stand. He grabbed a spear, hearing Ruber's harsh laughter as his arm flared up at the sudden pain, grimacing with a groan. Ruber chuckled evilly, \"A spear's for a commoner. Now..for a king, he should bear Excalibur!\", revealing the tarnished visage of Excalibur. It was literally fused to Ruber's arm, entirely metallic, leaving his other arm normal with a hand. Arthur exhaled sharply in shock and bewilderment, realizing immediately that he is indeed trapped in his own castle. Gods, if Debra was here, she would say... We are in deep shit. Arthur couldn't help sending a distressed thought to his best friend as it's habitually instinctual for him. In another place, a set of green eyes snapped open, and a furious bark pierced the air as the sight of a brown-furred dog ran out clumsily, still greatly injured from a encounter with a griffin a few days ago, yet she ignored all, including a sorcerer's shouts as she's determined to protect her best friend..again. (Debra's P.O.V.) I ran down the stairs, stopping at once when I picked up a putrid scent. I tiptoed closer, peeking around the corner to see a large metallic thug in front of the tower's rooms. I growled lightly as I saw the scissor hands on that thug's arm. I racked my mind as I tried to remember the secret ways into the tower as I sent a thought to Arthur. Arthur, I'm back! Quick, what's that darn way to get in, not the stable one, but the other one?! A mental explosion of surprise and elation. Debra! Hurry, Ruber's getting closer! Oh, the kitchens! I widened my eyes as I now remembered the kitchens tunnel. It interlocks with the stable tunnel! I peeked again to see the thug, and I glanced down the corridor where the kitchens were. I knew if I ran, the thug would notice me. Wait...that's a idea. I knew that the kitchens was part of a plus-basement sorta floor with stairs. I smirked.. Keep Ruber talking, get him distracted! I heard a mental huff as I ran out, barking at the thug in the distance, and he roared, and I spun around, running toward the kitchens door, opening it up, and turning sharply to the right, and hiding behind the door. I heard the thudding footsteps of the thug, coming in, and he muttered, \"Where'd that mutt go?\". I sneaked behind him, and reared to push him towards the edge of the stairs, hearing him scream, turning around, heading back as I heard the tell-shown crash of the thug in the distance. I made it to the tower doors, snickering as Ruber never noticed why the doors was changed slightly, with deep-pitched creases into the wood, unknowing one of them was actually made for me, disguised as a dog door. I dived through the dog door, hearing shouts and screams from my best friend and his greatest enemy. I narrowed my eyes as I remembered Mother's last words. I bless you and Arthur as you are to be lovers. Trust in true love and the power of the stone and Excalibur. I saw Arthur thrown into the Round Table by Ruber, hearing Ruber's words, \"So many memories in this room. Makes me want to puke.\". I saw Ruber walking into the Table, and I quietly growled. I ran up the stairs, and under the table. I hear Ruber's voice question, \"Strange, I swore I heard something. No matter!\". I turned around, jumped into Arthur's chair, saw Ruber focusing on Arthur as their sides were facing me. I jumped into the Table, running at Ruber, focusing at his leg as I gave out a loud snarl. I jumped, bit into the thigh, hearing Ruber's roar of fury and Arthur's shout, \"Debra!\", as I tasted blood and cloth. I heard Ruber's shout, \"Get off, filthy mutt! See if you take this!\". A flash of metal ramming into my side, and I yelped, falling over into the surface of the Table, shaking my head as I realized that Ruber rammed his arm into me, seeing Excalibur pierce the wood. I growled as I stared at Ruber as he glared at me, \"I don't know how you got into here, but you aren't going to stop me from taking Camelot and killing this puny king!\". Arthur shouted, \"I wouldn't know about that as that dog before you, she has injured a griffin a few days ago while protecting me!\". I snorted in agreement as I saw Ruber's face contort into a red rage. \"That damn beast! I knew it wasn't a knight! A sword wouldn't reach that high at that face!\". Ruber's eye twitched, \"No matter. Get me if you can, bitch dog.\". I widened my eyes, growling loudly at that insult, hearing Arthur's whistle of acknowledgment, \"You have just crossed the line too far.\". I ran furiously, barely hearing the blood rush in my ears, watching Ruber's swings as I dodged here and there. I heard Ruber's furious shout as he saw that he had missed me while I stood between Arthur and Ruber, my body tense as my claws pierce the wood, taking upon a pose of intimidation that I learned from Alpha Shadow.[Chapter 17] (Arthur's P.O.V.) I had never seen Debra fully pissed off until now of this moment. Her intimidating pose has made her bigger than she actually is. Definitively Alpha Shadow's teaching from two summers ago. She growled lowly, and I figured that she is baring her fangs at Ruber who's now looking really enraged. Leave my Arthur alone. I heard it as loud as it pierced the air, and I widened my eyes, \"Debra..\". I felt a mental sigh, the emotion seeming like a flare of love, and before I could acknowledge it, Debra sprung forward, giving out a series of furious barks as she went for Ruber, and Ruber yelled, slashing Excalibur at her, and my heart sprung up every time she gets a close call. Then, Debra sprung behind Ruber's back, her jaws open to bit into Ruber's neck when suddenly, I screamed in tortuous pain, joining within Debra's screaming howl of pain, barely opening my eyes to grasp the sight of Debra bleeding from a long cut across her chest. My heart did the same thing as it did all those days ago, breaking while jumping at the same time. She's laying upon her side, raspy breathing, her beautiful green eyes raking over the table, locking upon mine as I heard Ruber's wicked laughter. \"All too easy..Just like how I killed Sir Lionel all those years ago.. Now..it's time for me to be king!\". My eyes was pulled from looking at Debra, into glaring into Ruber's eyes as his fist twisted into my shirt, lifting me up, and I gave a growl as pain filled through me. I spat, \"You're no king, Ruber! You're a monster! I may not survive, but the ideals of Camelot shall not be destroyed!\". Ruber's eye twitched as he grinned, \"Perhaps...I am not a monster nor a king. I shall be a GOD!\". He yelled the last word as he hurled me backwards, and I yelled out in pain as the Round Table met my back. I barely heard another voice calling out as I grunted. I heard the echo of words I'd never thought to hear. \"I will not serve a false king!\". Then I glanced up to see a flash of color upon a beam crash into Ruber, the sound of glass breaking, and I looked over to see Debra still lying in the spot, blood spilling out into a puddle, and I didn't know how, but somehow I got my body moving despite the injury, the bruises, the pain. Debra's eyes locked upon me once more. Arthur..I love you... I stopped at once, barely a few feet away from reaching Debra. Debra? Debra sighed weakly. The riddle. It's love.. Time seemed to freeze as I realized it at once. Love is blind yet it can be powerful. It's deep in our souls and our hearts, and it can complicate things, change relationships. It can be difficult, so stubborn in all its power.. Yet it can be so tender, comforting people and creating so many things. I had so many memories with Debra, and my life wouldn't be the same without her..I don't want to lose her for I truly love her...I love her.. I smiled widely. I love you too.. I crawled to her side, stroking her neck as I placed my head upon her shoulder, barely noticing that I was in our dream escape, feeling her hand caress my cheek. I whispered, \"Debra Hawthorn, I love you, truly.\". I felt her pull back slightly, her smile soft and alluring as her eyes fluttered, \"I love you, King Arthur.\". I moved forward to kiss her, and I had never felt so peaceful and full of love until at this moment. When Exclaibur struck the stone, the power and magic was so bright, much brighter than the sun and moon altogether as the shock-waves gave away, changing and undoing so many things including a certain woman's curse, yet she never noticed as she was deep into her first true love's kiss with her king. It wasn't noticeable until Ruber gave out his last breath in one bone-chilling scream. I opened my eyes, blinked as I realized that I was holding Debra in her fully restored human form as we laid on our sides, and Debra breathed, \"Arthur, your arm, it's healed, and my chest, my leg, it's all healed!\". I blinked, lifting my arm, and I gasped in shock and happiness as it didn't give out any pain like before, and I flexed it, laughing. I looked back at Debra, breathing as I realized that she was talking for real! \"Debra! The curse's broken! You're back to human!\". Debra blinked, gasping as she looked at her hands, and she laughed heartily, and hugged me. \"Arthur, we did it!\". Her smile was radiant, and I chuckled, raising a hand to settle upon her cheek, and she looked at me. \"Yes, we did it for we love each other.\". I murmured softly, and I smiled as her hand rested upon mine, her eyes softened as she nodded. \"We're together in this, right?\". I blinked as I remembered that day I met her in her human form for the first time, and I grinned widely. \"Always together.\". Debra giggled, and pecked my cheek before getting up shakily upon her legs, blinking in slight embarrassment, \"This used to be easier back in our dream escape, through it was in our minds. I gotta really get back into practice as I have been in a dog's body for years...\". I chuckled as I got up, assisted her quickly, \"I got you, Debra. You are getting there. Must have been the mental practice otherwise you would have fallen by now...no offense..\". Debra chuckled, \"None taken. Oh, don't look now, but we got a audience staring at us.\". I looked in her direction, and to my surprise, I saw quite a unique small crowd..A two-headed dragon, Ayden, a auburn red-haired lady and a brown-haired man. And they are surrounding the famous stone with the fully-reformed Excalibur. I walked proudly and sturdy as Debra held my hand, walking alongside me, and letting go as I ascended upon the stone, pulling out Excalibur, the familiar hilt into my hand, fitting comfortably as it should be, and it glowed brightly for a moment as if Excalibur was happy to be back in the true king's hand..my hand.. I looked over to see Debra smiling happily, and I smiled at her, surprisingly content yet there is quite something I have to ask her soon.. Everything has returned to normal, with my newfound love in Debra who will make my life even better. I just hope Camelot wouldn't mind having a queen in Debra.[Chapter 18] (Debra's P.O.V.) -2 days later- I stood next to Merlin as I watched Kayley walk across the floor toward Garrett who's now staring at Kayley with awe and love. I was so happy when I had discovered that Garrett's sight had returned, and I knew the power of true love between me and Arthur and the power of the stone must have restored it unlike the movie as it seemed like Excalibur was fighting Ruber's potion within the stone so hard. Yet that day here as I was included, Excalibur somehow had a energy boost, making its power much stronger from the true love's energy, hence being able to restore Garrett's sight. And I was relieved to have my injuries and wounds healed, through I still bear the claw mark that Alpha Shadow gave me. I figured as it was a old, faded scar by the time, Excalibur couldn't erase it. Perhaps Excalibur only can heal physical, fresh wounds and injuries as they are easy to erase. I felt a poke upon my shoulder, \"Are you all right, Miss Hawthorn?\". I blinked, looking over to Merlin who's looking a bit curious and concerned. I smiled softly, \"Just memories, Merlin, and that it's still a bit weird to be tall, and walking on two legs instead of four.\". Merlin nodded, \"Indeed. And your bond isn't broken at all, too. I must admit Arthur told me that he felt a bit sullen at the thought of not having you in his chambers.\". I chuckled lightly, blushing a bit, \"Sleeping as a dog in his chambers was easier! I have to say that sleeping in that guest room was really weird. I'd missed hearing Arthur's heartbeat, and I suppose that's not normal, isn't it?\". Merlin smiled gently, \"You have been together as best friends and roommates so long, and now you are coming into new boundaries, correct?\". I nodded, \"I was wary and scared of how Camelot would react to our new relationship, and my human form. Thank the Lord that they cheered for me, curtsying and bowing to me, through I was a bit surprised by being called 'Lady'.\". Merlin chuckled, \"You have served Camelot all those years, protected King Arthur, joined in meetings and parties, helping the servants and cooks around. You do deserve to be Lady Debra Hawthorn. Yes, your past form is part of your life, and you must not forget it, how it helped you to become the person we all know. Now, I believe we must not miss this. They're about to be knighted.\". I blinked, smiled widely as I watched the knighting/wedding ceremony, half-admiring Arthur in his new clothes, and half-impressed of the ceremony, wondering what would be like for our wedding ceremony if Arthur and I were to be married. I clapped merrily as I heard the knights cheering at Arthur's announcement of Lady Kayley and Sir Garrett as Knights of the Round Table. I smiled softly as Arthur approached me and Merlin, handing the shield to Merlin with a nod. \"May I have this dance, my dear?\". He bowed lowly with a hand out. I giggled, \"Of course, my king.\". I grasped his hand firmly yet softly, and we walked into the floor, dancing to the whimsy beat of the music. \"Today is a good day, indeed.\". I replied. Arthur took upon a serene look, \"Perhaps I could make the day better.\". I blinked in confusion, then I gasped in shock when Arthur took a knee down, holding my hand in his hands. \"Debra Hawthorn, you are the light of my life, you have saved me thrice, you have been around all those years since I first met you. That day, I'd never thought I'd meet the woman of my dreams within a curse which had put you in paws, and ever since, you've been my best friend, my adviser, my protector. You're the most amazing, incredible, caring, smart, clever, and passionate woman that I'd came to know personally. I am the king, but right now, I am a humble, kindhearted man asking for your hand in marriage. Will you be my wife forever and beyond?\". I hiccuped softly, not caring if anybody sees me crying happily, and I nodded, \"Yes, Arthur, I will marry you!\". Arthur's smile prevailed the sun as he rose up, and holding me warmly in his arms, we kissed warmly and quickly, hearing the deafening cheers of the crowd. When the cheers died down, Merlin came up to us, smiling wryly, \"Why wait when you can get married right now?\". His staff glowed pure white, and a flash came around me like a snake, going up from my toes to the tiptop of my head, blinding me momentarily.[Chapter 19] (Arthur's P.O.V.) My breath was caught once the white aura around Debra vanished, leaving her in a incredible dress of snow white fabric with very faint brown designs upon it, with a slight darker brown sash, and her gorgeous dark brown braid was now twisted into a lovely bun. And upon her head is a beautiful gold crown with blue jewels in the rim. She is stunningly beautiful! I whispered, \"You are a vision of beauty, my love.\". Debra heard me, and her smile was so radiant in the sunlight. I heard Merlin clearing his throat, standing between and before us. \"Today, we have another couple to celebrate; King Arthur and his consort, Lady Debra. We have seen the power of true love, and we all know that love prevails all. It's the most powerful force of the world, and in this couple, I have seen it grow and grow, and it will be there forever. I have no doubt.\", \"Arthur, do you swear upon your heart to be there for Debra as long as you live, to care for her, to love her unconditionally, to protect her from danger, and to raise any future children with her?\". Merlin finished, and I exhaled, holding Debra's hands gently, smiling at her as I nodded, \"I do.\", seeing tears coming down her cheeks. I lightly let go of one hand, gently wiping her tears softly as she smiled at me brightly. Merlin turned slightly to speak to Debra, \"Debra, do you swear upon your heart to be there for Arthur as long as you live, to care for him, to love him unconditionally, to protect him from danger, and to raise any future children with him?\". Debra sobbed lightly, nodding, \"Yes, I do!\". I never so much smiled so widely until this moment where my cheeks hurt momentarily. I heard Merlin then announce, \"Then by the Lord and Excalibur, I pronounce you King Arthur and Queen Debra! You may kiss your wife.\". I moved forward, resting a hand upon the small back of her neck, and my hand upon her cheek, seeing her close her eyes, and I had never felt so much content before this kiss, this passionate, powerful kiss. The cheering was so thunderous that it had shook the new glass window, making it vibrate. I pulled back, seeing Debra so happy, and I smiled softly, \"Shall we dance once more?\". Debra giggled, \"You're spoiling me, Arthur.\". I teased her softly, \"Don't worry, I am sure you're gonna spoil me too.\". I winked at her, taking her waist in my hand, moving her into our dance, our husband & wife dance. Debra laughed. I am excited for the future. My eyes softened up as I held her hand warmly. Me too. But hey, we're together; we are married, and we're best friends. How about a game of chess before our wedding night? Debra nodded. You are truly destined for me. I think..no..I know I do belong here, in Camelot, in your arms. This is my life now. I am not going back. I am staying here with you, I swear upon my heart. I love you, Arthur. I smiled brightly. I know. I trust you. I love you too, Debra. Debra exhaled, and wrapped her arms around me, kissing me again, and I knew at that moment everything is perfect. I am truly complete, and she is home, she's part of my family now. She's my queen, my wife. -12 years later- (Epilogue)- No P.O.V.- After a time of fighting the Anglo-Saxons within a year of Arthur and Debra's marriage, Camelot was triumphant, celebrating with feasts and parties. Yet the celebration didn't last, for Merlin had passed away, much to the royals' heartbreak and grief. Merlin had fought so much, protecting Camelot and his king & queen, just like the knights, and Debra's wolf friends, and the two-headed dragon, Devon and Cornwall. But hearts healed over time, and new life came upon the land, welcoming the newest generation. Garrett & Kayley had welcomed a fiery, compassionate daughter and her name is Audrey. She received her mother's auburn red hair, her father's cobalt blue eyes, and her skin's peach tan. Arthur & Debra welcomed two children; a older son and a younger daughter. The son received his mother's green eyes, his father's dirty blonde hair, and his skin's pale tan. His name is Paxton. The daughter received her father's baby blue eyes, her mother's dark brown hair, and her skin's tan. Her name is Kendra. Then there's Debra's beloved wolf friend, Wildberry who has become one of the best huntresses in the pack with one of her brothers, Dart as alpha now as their parents, Shadow and Snowstorm has retired. She had mated with a couple of rouges over the years, becoming mother of two litters. And ever since, Camelot had grown bigger, and the legend of Excalibur remained true to its core, through there has been rumors and such, but as Debra knew, myths and stories take upon a grain of truth, and the story of King Arthur and Camelot became well-known, yet over the centuries, things of the tale became exaggerated. However, like Merlin had foretold one day long ago, the kings and queens of the stars, in their own realm, the true stories remained their selves as they were made upon their days, which had included the stories of people ringing around the legend of Camelot; King Arthur, Queen Debra, and their friends & family. ","Summary":" -November 4, 2007- It was a sun-filled day upon the enlightened part of the Earth, which is one of "},{"Movie":"Home","Title":"the Carrier","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12256985","Passage":"[Chapter 1] .1. Lost souls wander in the night, nervous, horrible and ice cold. They stumble through forests and deserts and mountains, some of them falling, some of them giving up and some of them simply disappearing. Some of them work their way out of it, but it is not often these stubborn souls find their way out. Some souls deserve better but cannot believe that, some souls think they deserve better while they actually do not, and some souls deserve better and know . For those souls who deserve better, there will always be a light. There will always be the chance that a lantern might show up, lightening up their path. And that if they choose to walk towards it, they will be met by the Carrier- Gratuity Tucci.[Chapter 2] .2. No one knows for how long she has been around. All they know is that if they choose her, then soft, green eyes and a warm smile will meet them. Open arms and listening ears. Comforting words and a path towards something lighter, something better. Other souls, good souls who deserve better and gets better. She wears a thick coat, someone says. No, someone else might argue, she wears a summer dress. Others might say she wears jeans and a shirt. It is different to everyone, a soul sighs. You see what you want, what might comfort you most of all.[Chapter 3] .3. Her hands are as soft as silk, they say. So soft they barely feel her cool touch when she runs her soothing palms down their arms, uttering comforting words as they cry. She is desperate to help, they whisper as they follow her light. Someone mutters about whether she has a lover or not as she wards of the darkness, the biting cold and the searing heat, keeping their safe bubble intact. A whisper breaks loose, a whisper that states the speaker wish it was, causing shocked and paralyzed looks. No one knows who said those words. All of them want to be the one brave enough to voice everyone's thoughts.[Chapter 4] .4. She does not know for how long she has been around. Her eyes are soft and green, yes, and she listens, yes, but she has lost the want to do it. She has lost the will to smile, lost the will to sooth their pain. She wears a large, black hat covering her bobbing curls. This she knows. She wears a long, black cape covering her red shirt and leather pants. In her hand, she holds a lantern as she brings light to the souls she guide. Her face stern as she walks, until a soul need her, and she plasters on a smile.[Chapter 5] .5. Her hands are weathered after all the time she has spent in the sun and wind and rain. She listens as they speak and cry, but she is barely touching their skin. She hears the whisper whether she has a lover or not and silently curses the speaker as she leads the group of souls through darkness and light, cold and heat. She hears the mutter about wishing, and straightens her back. She has no need for love, she tells herself. In all the stories she has heard, love is usually the main reason the souls are lost or sour. She has no need for love, the Carrier tells herself, but she is not sure if she believes it.[Chapter 6] .6. One time there is a soul that does not look like the others. It glows with a different light, she can tell even without looking at it. Brighter, purer. It does not cry, it does not beg for help. It wonders why on Earth it deserves better, but when she smiles; it reluctantly comes with her. It has no problems it wish to tell her about, instead it asks why she is the one holding the light. She cannot answer. She is stunned to silence, and while a part of her wish desperately to speak with the soul again, another part of her want to push it away.[Chapter 7] .7. She refuses to look at the peculiar soul when it drifts up to her side, asking what happens after this. She does not look at him when she answer that they stay as long as they wish, waiting for him to drift off again. Sometimes souls do wonder, but only once, never twice. It asks why there are so few of them, and she stumbles in her path. Why has it not walked away? Why is it still there? But she considers its question. Staring into thin air, she responds that she does not know. It walks away, and she expects that that is the last time she will see it. She is strangely saddened.[Chapter 8] .8. It shows up again, and she greets it with a nod, still refusing to look at it. After a few seconds in silence, it mutters a question; what are you . She has to think about it. She is not sure. She has felt pain before, but the lantern she holds between her hands chased it away. Same with the cold, heat and darkness. The only thing that seems not to effect her is time itself. Time passes by, and she choose to answer that it is not important. The soul shoots her an odd look. They fall to silence again. Suddenly it speaks up, telling her that it believes she is human. Before the Carrier can answer, it has disappeared into the crowd. Human?[Chapter 9] .9. Next time it appears at her side, she repeats the question it asked her. It is still there, which surprises her. Souls usually only stay a few weeks before they are happy enough or willing to move on. The soul smiles to her, even though she will still not look at it. It answers that it is a Boov, as if its species is important. As if its species is what she asked for. Male, it adds, when it sees her frown. She surprise the both of them, asking for its name. She has never asked. It has never mattered. She has never cared to get to know the souls she guide. It answers Oh, but she is not sure whether it is a sound or a name.[Chapter 10] .10. All the souls have moved on and been replaced by new ones. All except one, and the Carrier is surprisingly happy about it. She should not be this attached. She should not care to this degree. It should hurt, but it does not. She tugs at her hat as a soul walk up to her. It tugs her cape gently, asking for her attention with a small voice. The Carrier's steps falter. This is a kid, how did a kid get here? She responds with a pleasant yes, without thinking about it. The kid asks for its mom silently and the Carrier has to rub her temple as the words uttered by a child whisper about an old and forgotten memory she did not know she had. What is Christmas, anyway?[Chapter 11] .11. I have been thinking about what you said, the Carrier tells the strange soul when it show up again. Even though she does not see it, she can feel that it looks at her, almost expectant. She explains that; I may have been human at a point, but I cannot possibly be it anymore. Time has no effect on me; I do not need food nor liquid. I am a Carrier. The Carrier. I simply cannot be human . The soul that said its name was Oh smiles, and tells her it predicted the answer. Then it says it can prove her theory, and she catch herself wondering how.[Chapter 12] .12. Oh requests the lantern, later. It is dark again; the souls are calmly sleeping under the stars, completely trusting the Carrier to protect them, to watch over them as if she has nothing better to do. Completely horrified, she begs its pardon. It asks her to trust it. She hands it the lantern. Her hands feel so empty, so light and so free when the lantern is gone. As if it is a burden she does not wish to have. The moment it touches the other soul's hand, the light goes out. Darkness surrounds them and cold air suddenly laugh at them for letting it enter their throats. The Carrier snatches the lantern back immediately, happy when the flame flares to life, bringing light with it once again.[Chapter 13] .13. The next day, Oh – the soul , she tells herself, the soul- tells her that she is important to the lantern. Her respond is sarcastic and dry. It uses some time to explain that she was right; she is not human after all. The Carrier snaps that she knew. She can feel the soul's eyes on her, but she cannot tell if they are judging or not. The stinging in her chest makes her hope that it does not. She still refuse to look at the odd soul. She is scared, but of what she is not sure of. She will not give it the pleasure.[Chapter 14] .14. One day, the Carrier leads the souls past a fire, a fire slowly devouring a tree. As she does, a memory fades into place. The souls shush each other as their guide begin hum softly. Deep in the woods, there was a fire that burned with an evil desire, desire to feed on the pain… She feels their adoring stares. However, ignoring them is far too easy. And it said; why don't you cast yourself at me? I promise you won't feel a thing… Her voice return to a soft hum, then a whisper, before it disappear entirely. And somehow, she knows that Oh is grinning, somewhere in the group of souls. Smiling a genuine smile after all of this time felt weird. Weird, but good. (Song: The Fire, by Griffinilla)[Chapter 15] .15. The soul wonders why she does not look at it during their next encounter. The Carrier, being her sassy self, shoots right back, asking why it is still there. It complains about being serious, sadness tainting it voice as it speaks. She wish… she wish she could sooth the sadness away, touch the soul until it has no choice but to smile and laugh. Shocked, she shakes her head. She has not wished for that in a long, long, time. Please, it begs silently. She admits that she is scared. The unexpected response echoes ( of what) silently, the soul's voice impossible to decipher. The Carrier thinks, and thinks, and has to think some more. I do not know, she finally says. She pointedly ignores the little part of her whispering ancient words about love.[Chapter 16] .16. The soul let the matter fall. It did not ask anymore, but the Carrier knew that it wondered silently. And she knew, she knew her actions hurt it. She did not know why they hurt it. She did not know how they hurt it, but she knew that she did not want pain to fall over her souls. She had never wanted that, but this time it was different. She did not want this soul to feel pain, and she did not know why. The Carrier was, to be honest, a bit confused. She decided to ignore it. Surely, the strange soul called Oh would be happy enough to move on soon, and then her life would return to normal. No more questions, no more thinking, no more singing. No more Oh. The thought hurt, and she did not know why.[Chapter 17] .17. Look at me , the Boov soul urge desperately, its voice a mere whisper in the night, careful not to wake the others. She refuses through clenched teeth, staring stubbornly into the darkness and locking gazes with the mocking evil. The soul walks in front of her, seeking for her gaze, for her green eyes. It asks why but she finds that she cannot answer. I am already too attached, she does not say. I cannot become more. Her mouth refuses to form the words, voice stuck in her throat. She gets up, tightens her hold on the lantern and tells the soul to go to sleep. It does.[Chapter 18] .18. She watches them sleep. She watch over them, still as a stone, steady as a mountain, face untouched by time. The light from her lantern flickers across her features whenever the wind touches the flame. When they sleep, they look so much alike. So much like they are the same, stuck in time. The glow fades to almost disappear when they sleep and they end up being just a heap of bodies. Different skin, different colors, different sizes. As if they are alive once more, as if they never ended, as if they never cried. She sighs and looks up at the sky, her lips stretched in a frown. Her job should be easy. Being her should be easy. So why is it not?[Chapter 19] .19. It wants to know what it will call her, she answers the Carrier and it laughs. It wants to know her name, she realizes. It wants to know her , her , not the Carrier, and a pang goes through her. Thoughts echo inside her head and she gasps. It can leave whenever it want why has it not it knows why is it still here- I do not want it to leave . She answers Gratuity Tucci when it asks again, giving herself a promise as she hits the lantern into the ground for each and every step she takes. She will do something that will keep the soul in this place for a longer time, do something it will appreciate. She will look at it.[Chapter 20] .20. The Carrier has seen Boov before, and knows that they resemble each other. This one is no exception, with its rather square face and normal build. Surrounding the body is the aura all souls have, erasing the outlines of its shape, glowing softly. Except this one does not, its glow being the strongest the Carrier can recall seeing, stronger than the flaring sun in the day and the moon shining in the night. The soul notice her stare and turns around, its clear, diamond blue eyes widening when their gazes lock. Then it smiles, it smiles a most adorable smile and the Carrier hurries to look away, heat flowing to her face. She touches her cheek, confused, wondering what is wrong with her body.[Chapter 21] .21. The whispers are not about whether she has a lover or not anymore. The souls whisper about curses and wonders and why her lover is a soul and they question why and how . It takes some time before she realize that they are talking about it , the soul that was different from the very beginning, the male Boov. Oh. Her face flush when she understand, but she pretends that she does not hear. The soul in question wonders if the others would believe them if they said they were only friends, and both joy and sorrow hit her. They are friends. Friends . So why is she not satisfied? A part of her knows why, a part of her she has just begun to acknowledge. (I'm sorry, the last few days I've been without wifi!)[Chapter 22] .22. A particular brave soul sits down next to her a night. She smiles softly at it, asking what is wrong, because that is her job, that is why she is there. Her smile, however, falters when the soul asks why she is in denial. A few seconds she stares shocked at it. The soul then repeats the question, stating that her feelings are obvious to all watching. And the Carrier gets up, ignores the statement and puts the soul to sleep. Why does everyone else know all about her before she does herself?[Chapter 23] .23. Oh uses her given name and she flinch. On a whim, she tells it to call her Tip. She does not know why. It does not ask but simply corrects itself. Tell me, it requests, and the Carrier does. She tells it a story of a time where there was no Carrier, where there was no hope nor light. She tells it a story about a young girl, which did not understand what she did when she picked up a lantern and decided to take all the pain. Take all the pain herself , because of course it is better that she hurts instead of everyone else… right? When the Carrier has told her story, the soul looks up at her and dries away its tears. It tells her how sorry it is. She believes it and tells it that it is not its fault.[Chapter 24] .24. She smiles as it walks up to her, keeping her pace with ease. She awaits its snarky comment; she awaits its words, simply because the soul always begins their conversations. It surprises her; however, as it pleads to know what she was so scared off, why she was scared of meeting its gaze. And the Carrier considers. She considers what to say, for a long time, and does not answer before a sunset and sunrise has passed. Finally, she settles for the truth. I was a fool. I thought I could outrun love; I thought I could avoid falling for you, when really, my face was already covered in mud. (I'M SO SORRY I TOTALLY FORGOT ABOUT THIS AAAAAH)[Chapter 25] .25. She can feel its gaze, burning into her side, and she has to swallow to keep the tears at bay. Of course; it does not love her, of course; it cannot possibly love her- it stops abruptly, and she stops, too. A few more seconds pass, before the Boov, with a booming voice, turns around and requests a brave, happy soul, which is not afraid of new things. Only one soul steps forth, and it is the soul from earlier, the one who talked about denial and feelings. Oh tells her to give the lantern to the soul, and in her confused daze, she allows it. Her whole body is ready to snatch it back the moment the light fades out, but- it does not. The light stays, and the moment the lantern switch hands, she is not the Carrier anymore, she is Gratuity Tucci, she is Tip and she looks like a soul, her outlines glowing the same amount as Oh's, her body almost silver instead of colored. The soul who answered to Oh's request has transformed, too, and in its place is a human. She does not have time, however, to examine the new Carrier, as Oh reaches up, tugs at the collar of her cape and drags her down until she is at her knees in front of it. You do not know for how long I have been wanting to do this, it snarls, and- it kisses her. She reaches after it. She kisses back. She cries. And she disappears. They disappear… because they were happy enough to move on. To move on together, because neither was happy enough without love. Without each other. (review please?) ","Summary":" .1. Lost souls wander in the night, nervous, horrible and ice cold. They stumble through forests an"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Through Their Eyes","Author":"TheWonderfulShoe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8782223","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot or the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: Hello everyone! After a request from a reader (lfassmann) who reviewed my story \"You're Wrong\" (which delved into the inner thoughts of Garett when he gets hurt), I decided that I would continue this, as I had once thought I might. It's over a year later I originally wrote and published this...but it didn't seem very popular, my real-life situation got quite busy, and-well, better late than never, right? In any case, this will likely be semi-AU and fairly emotion/thought-centric. My idea with this is to adapt the story back for an older/more mature audience and spread it out to make it seem a little smoother and more believable from an emotional/psychological perspective. I do not know if I will succeed, given that I'll likely be writing this at crazy hours and on very little sleep due to the insanity of life and medical school. So far, I'm not particularly pleased with this first installment, for instance. I'm doing this to relax and enjoy writing again-something that isn't really a focus in my current studies. You're welcome along for the ride, and I hope you'll share your thoughts, feelings, and other responses with me through comments or messages-feedback can only make me better! . . . Chapter 1: Prologue . It was a dark afternoon. Even just an hour past midday, the skies were already near black. The rain was falling, not hard and heavy, but persistent enough to soak anyone to the bone. And for two miserable travelers, this was exactly the case. The unpaved roads were muddy, and the tired horses flicked their ears uncomfortably in the wet and snorted unhappily. It was one of their long days of riding, which they had tried to alternate to give the horses some rest on the long journey they had undertaken. The younger of the two companions patted his horse's neck with compassion. \"There, now, boy...we've almost arrived.\" \"Right you are, Arthur. Very close, now...are you ready to face your destiny?\" The old man asked gravely, making the young boy shift uncomfortably in the saddle. When he answered, he didn't look up at his companion. \"Of course. Soon, we'll know, one way or another.\" \"I already know.\" \"How you can be so certain baffles me entirely.\" \"Have faith in an old man, Arthur. There is much to be said for life experience, and you should know to respect your elders.\" He sounded serious, but Arthur knew it was said as an affectionate tease, and smiled wryly down at his saddle. \"And a little magic?\" Arthur asked, innocence obviously feigned. \"Perhaps. But not even magic can give me this answer. Some things, old men just know in their bones.\" Lightning struck in the distance, and Arthur's horse whinnied, starting slightly and skittering a few steps. \"Whoa, there!\" Arthur pulled at the reins with a strong and practiced hand, patting the horse's neck, half to comfort the beast and half to be ready to grip in case of the worst. Merlin just watched on, grave as ever. Not for the first time, Arthur suspected the old wizard had some arcane connection to or power over animals. Even just on this journey, Arthur had learned and noticed things that he had never seen before, where the old man was concerned. No matter how long he knew the wizard, there was always something new to take him just as much by surprise each and every day... . . *~*~*~*~*~*MILES AWAY*~*~*~*~*~* . \"Pacing there outside the door won't help a thing, now, you know. Come inside with Auntie before you catch cold and kill the lot of you with disease.\" An old woman insisted. Hair drenched, the miserable man hesitated, turning back when he heard another anguished cry from the door. He looked ready to break the door down, and hang propriety! A hand touched his arm. Startled, he turned and looked down into the wrinkled face of the old woman who insisted on being called \"Auntie\" by all of the people in the small village. She looked compassionate, but firm. \"Come inside. What you need is a cup of tea! The midwife knows what she's doing. After all, I taught her everything I know.\" Auntie Aldith's daughter was the new midwife in the village, after the elderly widow found her old joints aching and poor back hunching too much to continue. Lionel didn't want to obey her, but knew better than to resist. He allowed himself to be led into her small home, but was harder to force into the one chair by the fire. \"Really, Auntie—you sit here. My nerves won't take it.\" \"You mean your pride won't take it, because you look at poor Auntie and think she's an old hag!\" Lionel was shocked by this language, and denied any such thing, but was soon maneuvered into the chair with a hot cup of tea. And before he knew it, Auntie had worked her homespun magic on him, and time had escaped him. A knock came on the door, and Auntie's daughter appeared. \"Forgive the intrusion, Mother—but I thought your guest might want to see his wife and newborn babe.\" The words hardly left her mouth before Lionel was out the door and back to his own home, calling back a quick thanks for tea in a very improper way. Josoca, the young midwife, looked shocked, but Auntie Aldith cackled with mirth. When her daughter didn't look so happy, though, she turned to the younger woman. \"Well, then? Out with it, girl!\" \"It's his wife...\" Jocosa started, sounding sad. \"...oh, the poor dear.\" Aldith said, already knowing what was coming. . *~*~*~*~*~*A FEW HOURS LATER*~*~*~*~*~* . Lionel stood at the edge of a bed where a tired women lay, half-lidded eyes full of love and adoration, fixed on a swaddled bundle in his hands. She sighed, and Lionel looked to her with concern. \"Juliana...\" \"I'm fine, Lionel. Truly. It's normal for a woman to be tired after these things!\" She sounded so sure that he had to fall silent, a gentle finger stroking his infant daughter's cheek. \"What will you name her?\" \"I'm not sure. I was thinking something related to Katherine. It's a fitting name for a firstborn daughter, but it just isn't quite right.\" Suddenly, the woman choked back a sob. \"Juliana!\" \"I...I must tell you. I was going to tell you later, after I had some time to recover, but...there will be no more children.\" \"She was...certain?\" He wasn't sure what else to say. His mind was reeling, the possible future he had imagined for their family and his future heirs dwindling before him. \"Almost entirely.\" Juliana muffled her tears with the bed-sheets covering her, waiting through the shocked silence. \"...then she will be all the more precious. Our Kayley.\" Suddenly, through the darkness of the rainy, late afternoon, a bright light washed over them through the window, causing his already-fragile wife to cry out in terror. From a new reflex he never knew he had, Lionel turned, back to the light, shielding his child from what seemed to be danger. But in a moment, it was gone, and he was standing back up, staring out the window. Gently, he placed the infant into his wife's arms, and went to a standing wardrobe. \"Lionel...!\" She sounded alarmed. \"Juliana...for your sake, and the sake of our daughter, I have to go see what that was. It is altogether too close for comfort.\" Calmly, he pulled on mail and buckled on his own sword. He came close and quickly kissed his wife, lingering momentarily. He then pulled back the fabric covering the baby's head and kissed her crown, gently, reverently. \"Come back to us, Lionel. Promise me it won't be a long parting.\" Juliana called out, anguished, as he left through the door to get his horse from the stables and food from their stores. \"Farewell, Juliana, and Kaylee, my daughter. Expect at least a letter within a fortnight. I will let you know where I ride, and my blessing is upon you!\" The door swung closed with a solid sound. \"Be safe, my husband.\" Juliana whispered at the door, and wept to herself as she fed the babe.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Hello again! Since I last wrote, I have finished a block in medical school, had my computer crash, mailed it in, and borrowed an old laptop temporarily from a family member to hold me over in school until mine is fixed! Mine is under a year old, and this is the second time something has gone wrong with it...but I will try not to let technology issues keep me away for long, now! Thank you for reading my imaginings of deeper back-story and emotional insight. Because the last part was abrupt, I will continue it here. Not what I had originally intended, but hopefully not too bad! . . . Chapter 2: Prologue (A Continuation) . \"And that's how you met King Arthur?\" Kayley asked, bouncing lightly on her small bed, full of soft, fresh straw. Lionel chuckled and gently steadied her by the shoulders before smoothing her hair down affectionately. \"Be still, my daughter, or we'll need to remake your mattress sooner than I'd like.\" the father instructed. Kayley nodded, chastised, and settled with swinging her feet. \"But, yes, Kayley. When I went toward where the light had shone out like a pillar toward the heavens, I found a young man and an old man.\" \"And you knew he was to be king!\" Kayley interjected, drawing a more hearty laugh from Lionel. \"In fact, my daughter, he was green and younger than I would have liked!\" Kayley seemed shocked at this, but Lionel reassured her by continuing. \"But he was regal in bearing, with the strength and bearing of a leader, even so young! He had not the proud foolishness I might have feared from such one hardly across the threshold of boy to man!\" \"And you swore to him, didn't you, Father?\" prompted the young child. \"I did, Kayley-you know I did! For that is how I became a Knight of the Round Table...and I begged my liege give me leave to return to my wife and newborn babe-\" \"That's me!\" \"Yes, Kayley, that was you. And King Arthur said I could go, and I promised to be back whenever he might need me.\" \"And did he ever need you, Father?\" \"Oh, yes! You might not remember, but I was gone time and time again to help stake and defend the ground for the castle before it was finished, and to drive bandits and dangerous men from the old paths and new roads, and to spread the word and safety of our new king over the land!\" Lionel smiled wistfully at the memories, for he had experienced great things and made bonds with the other valiant Knights of the Round Table...but he been gone more than he might have liked, during that time. Still, his people were loyal and strong, and Juliana was strong enough and well-loved enough to keep everything running smoothly in his absence. With more safety, the lands were better-sown, and the crops were more bountiful, the tradesmen more prosperous. He ached for his lands and family, but his efforts were for them, to make the new kingdom safe and successful, that they and all their descendants might forever live in peace and security. The thought kept him strong for nearly three years with hardly a scant week or fortnight home between the months on expeditions and assignments from the king. He patted his daughter's head, lost in thought, and grateful that these days, it was more often a scant fortnight or two off serving the king each year, and the rest of the months back helping his lands and its residents to prosper and live in the peace and justice of King Arthur's reign. \"And, Father...will I not meet the king, someday?\" Kayley asked hopefully. At that, Lionel smiled, tilting her face up toward his own. \"What have I told you on this matter, Kayley?\" \"When I'm older.\" she answered glumly, looking down with a frown. Lionel kept his amusement to himself. \"Do not sulk, my daughter. You will meet the king when you are older, and you will know the Code and other things you might need if you want to serve him.\" \"And I shall be a Knight of the Round Table!\" \"Or if not, certainly a Lady of it.\" Lionel laughed back to his daughter, and then he kissed her forehead. \"My blessing upon you, my child. Now, sleep.\" Obediently, Kayley snuggled into her blankets and closed her eyes, only to open them just before her father closed the door. \"Father?\" \"What is it?\" Lionel asked, not willing to allow her to stall and stay awake. \"Why must you leave again?\" \"It has been ten years, since our king took reign. With bandits and outlaws chased away, and the kingdom prosperous, we are going to take stock and divide the lands to make sure one of the Knights is always watching over every part of the kingdom.\" Lionel answered from the door. \"But don't you all have lands already?\" she questioned, confused. \"We do, yes. But as it is now, our lands are uneven, and some parts of the kingdom's borders have nobody to watch over them as regularly as one's own lands, which now we must take turns to patrol. The king, in his wisdom, wishes to prevent pockets where those who desire lawlessness and injustice could hide and thrive.\" Kayley gasped, pulling her blankets more tightly around herself, imagining bandits and murderers hiding in the shadows of overgrown side-roads. She shuddered, wrapped in the safety of her covers. She wished she had never asked! \"Do not fear, my daughter. With the influence evenly spread, we will keep order and assure that the peace and justice of King Arthur's realm is provided to all those who live within the borders of our kingdom.\" \"Long live the king!\" Kayley squeaked, and Lionel laughed again. \"Long live the king.\" Lionel agreed. \"Good night, my daughter.\" \"Good night, Father.\" Kayley murmured as the door closed, already half-asleep. When Father left in fall, perhaps Kayley would be old enough to go with him, this time. A whole season's length will have been added to her ten years, by then![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Hello, my readers! Because I am in school, I don't make promises about a schedule for updating. However, I would like to update at least once every couple of weeks. In fact, my ideal minimum right now would be to update once per week. ***NOTE: This chapter has been lightly corrected. You can put the beta into an author's shoes, but you can't take the beta out of her, I suppose. I couldn't bear it as it was. ...as a warning, this may be a common occurrence, as this goes on, I'm afraid. The woes of formatting in the FFnet system is almost enough to merit it even if my writing had been perfect. . . . Chapter 3: One Farewell . They would be coming any day, now. Every afternoon for the last fortnight, they had ridden out to the hills and crags to look for any signs of fellow Knights of the Round Table approaching. Their (current) lands were neither closest to nor farthest from King Arthur's castle. They were , however, close to the original location of The Stone of the Sword, which is why Lionel's trust and loyalty, as one of the first to arrive, had been so important to the young king. It also meant that many of the other Knights, whose lands were farther away, had left long earlier. Even then, they should be riding together in groups along the roads, surely to meet somewhere near to Sir Lionel's lands as they trekked toward Camelot to respond to the summons of their king. Thus, the family's daily rides having an extra purpose, as of late. Kayley trotted ahead giddily around the steep-edged cliff, her mother nervously giving her reminders and warnings to be careful, go slowly, and watch the ground. They finally reached the safer, grassy slope of the foothills, from which they could look out to see the road ahead. This was the direction from which they expected the Knights of the Round Table to come, and the area where they would take their lunch on the crisp, clear autumn day. Lionel helped his wife down from her horse before going to catch his excitable young daughter, who sprang fearlessly to him from her pony. He held her aloft, playing, before allowing them both to collapse to the ground. They rolled some feet down the slope through the dying, brown grass, laughing merrily. It was these moments that Sir Lionel thought he could live forever, just within his own lands. Just once more, Kayley asked if her father really had to go. As always, he affirmed that he did, reminding her that the king's knights would soon arrive. So just once more, Kayley asked to hear the story of how and why her father became a knight. Her mother tittered about pestering her father, when she had heard the story so many times! Lionel reassured them both, though, that it was fine. He held a soft spot for his young daughter, his only heir, with the heart of a knight despite her tiny, little girl's body, which he could hold up in the air over his head with just his hands spanning across her stomach. As they ended their story and their lunch, Kayley spotted men in the distance. They wore the same insignia on their shields as her father, and bore mail and steel. The Knights had arrived. Juliana insisted that Kayley return with her to prepare for guests while Lionel rode down to greet them. They would spend the night and part of the next day, resting and restocking supplies, before riding straight onward to Camelot. The night was an exciting one, full of food and merriment—and a stern and sudden bedtime, once Juliana decided that the men had enough mead in them to be merry enough to forget that a young lady was present. Kaley was unhappy, of course, but Lionel assured her that he needed her to get her rest so she could assist them in the morning. It was very important to get out promptly, and they would need all the help they could get. The following morning, Kayley helped to prepare some supplies and some meals—good, fresh meals that would have to be eaten immediately and couldn't be packed in saddlebags. These were meals they could use to try to stretch out the comforts of a well-stocked home for at least their first few days on the road. Juliana knew better than Kaley how the Knights would savor them. Juliana, Kayley, and a host of well-wishing villagers from Sir Lionel's lands rode with the Knights of the Round Table as they headed toward the foothills once again to leave Sir Lionel's lands. As the knights said their farewells and started to trot down to the gates, Kayley nudged her little pony into a gallop after them, yelling that she was coming, too. Sir Lionel yelled back that she would, yes—when she was older. And before his voice faded out of range, he yelled back a promise, for someday. He always expected that he would fulfill his word—after all, a knight doesn't give his word lightly! He imagined the day he would take his daughter, a little more grown, and present her at Court. She would go as his daughter and assistant, learning the politics of the realm. He had plans for Kayley—or perhaps with Kayley...his blossoming beauty of a daughter with the heart and inner strength of a Knight. She was not like most young girls. He knew she would be something greater...and he was already proud, as he imagined some extra details for their plans to pass his time riding away from his home. Alas, it wasn't meant to be. Every day after, Kayley still rode out, after her morning routine: eating and conversing with her mother, doing simple chores, completing her lessons, and practicing sewing. Months passed—and that was even more reason, in her eyes, to go to the crags and look for signs that the Knights of the Round Table were heading back toward their own lands...signs that her father had returned. Unfortunately for the young girl, the day that she saw the Knights marching her way in the distance and galloped home to get her mother didn't bring the news she had expected.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Hello, my readers! I hope that my corrections didn't startle anyone or falsely raise any hopes. A special thanks to Skeedoodle, who probably doesn't even realize that I noticed the new Story Alert-but it made a difference: it gave me the push I needed to finish and post this chapter, given my recent illness and exam! . . . Chapter 4: Two Returns . When Kayley and her mother rode, properly dressed and presentable, to meet with the Knights of the Round Table, they were surprised at the size of the entourage. They dismounted at the top of the foothills as the first few men rode up. Kayley was excited, and ran ahead into the riding figures, despite her mother's attempts to quietly stop her—Juliana was old and strong enough to realize that something was amiss, here. She knew there were not so many Knights of the Round Table in all the land, let alone just the parts beyond their own lands. \"Kayley!\" she cried, heart already starting to feel with dread. But the child had run ahead, calling for her father, unaware of the meaning of the stony faces of the men riding past her, refusing to meet her eyes. She gasped, seeing the reason for the many extra men: King Arthur had ridden with them. She froze, seeing his guard and his shining crown—he was dressed in all the formal finery she would expect of a king. Somehow, the fact that this would normally be out of place for the road, even for a king, escaped her as she stared, dumbfounded. She started to bend into her lowest curtsy, but froze halfway down. She had seen something dreadful. \"Father!\" she cried, her manners forgotten and her youth and grief plain. She ran forward to the long, sled-like plank being pulled by the horses. He was still and stony, positioned into the traditional repose of the dead, shield over his chest. The men leading the horses pulling him continued, and she ran after it, sobbing. Suddenly, strong arms grabbed her and pulled her up. A man, taller than her father and just slightly broader, had grabbed her from the ground. She sobbed, not thinking of her safety, because the man who had lifted her was a Knight. He planted her firmly in the front of his saddle, then somberly swung up behind her, delivering her back to her mother. \"I am sorry, Lionel's Daughter, for your loss.\" he said softly as he lowered her to the ground, but she hardly registered the sentiments as she ran and pressed her face into her mother's skirts, sobbing. The Knight who had rescued her was not like her father in many ways, but did share some similarity to Lionel in temperament and gentleness. He had liked the man, and grieved for his widow and orphan as he rode back into formation. The king demanded no such thing, but Juliana—as strong and noble a woman as one might have expected to win the affections of Sir Lionel—demanded that the comfort and hospitality owed to their liege and sovereign be paid in full. The feast was scrumptious, if more somber than might otherwise have been expected. As nervous and overprotective as she could sometimes be with her only child, her inner strength and will shone through her grief and relieved some of the worries that the knights who never knew her had harbored. Kayley cried herself to sleep that night, even through all her mother's soothing, after the ladies of the house had excused themselves for bed. In the privacy of her own bedroom, later, Juliana permitted herself to do the same. . *~*~*~*~*~*THE NEXT MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . Early in the morning, the sun was rising, and Juliana was sober in her mourning garb. Little Kayley looked younger than ever, draped in a mourning dress that was too large for her small frame. It had been made a little big, so it could be taken in if needed or out as she grew...but the sudden need for it had left no time foralterations, since the dress fit without dragging, at least, even though the sleeves were slightly too long, and the collar a bit large. The length was long, for what it was meant to be...but since it didn't go to the floor, that would be fine. There were more important arrangements to make, if it was wearable. They rode solemnly out to the selected place. The ground was too frozen to cut, so they would have to leave her father in a stone coffin that had been prepared long before, in case he died on one of his missions for the king. The symbol of the realm—that of King Arthur, also worn by the Knight of the Round Table—had been carefully cut into it by the village mason overnight, in an act of loyalty and devotion to the man who had watched after them all with kindness and a fair hand. The services were dry and boring. The priest was saying things and doing things, and Juliana watched with a serious face and dry eye, though the lines in her brow gave away her true misery. Kayley ran up and brushed a hand on the stone after her father's rites were done, just as King Arthur began to speak. She knew the stories—her favorite stories, of her father's goodness and loyalty. While at any other time, she would have listened to the story from the king's perspective in awed silence, clinging to every word...she was too sad. She ran to the well and cried softly to herself, not wanting to disrespect her father or her king by interrupting the funeral, but too stricken with grief to stay and silently watch. . ...far across the land, back in Camelot, an old wizard with a falcon perched on his arm watched on sadly while a little boy was similarly afflicted. . . *~*~*~*~*~*TEN YEARS LATER*~*~*~*~*~* . Kayley was strong for a woman, though lithe and dextrous, not burly or clumsy for it. Through the years, remembering her father's promises and holding on to her dream, she trained her body like a knight would—without fancy equipment, she practiced swinging farming tools and aiming pitchforks instead of broadswords and javelins. She ran often, and tested her balance and coordination with increasingly difficult terrains...but her mother kept her close to home. It was a source of endless frustration—she was ready to be presented to the king! She wanted to join his service, as her father before her! But Juliana, relying on her help and fearful of losing her only remaining family and child, always found reasons to hold them on their lands. Kayley longed for the day her mother would finally take the king up on his open invitation. In honor of her fallen father, the king had decreed that the gates of Camelot would always open to Lady Juliana. It would be so simple for her mother to send word they were coming and present her daughter to the king! So why wouldn't she ?! Kayley began to wonder if she would ever step foot off their lands... . *~*~*~*~*~*IN CAMELOT*~*~*~*~*~* . King Arthur was giving a speech to summarize the last ten years. As he always did, during their meetings, he remembered Sir Lionel, whose chair at Arthur's right hand, also as always, was left empty in his honor. For all his strength and bearing, the king still sorely missed his first and most trusted Knight of the Round Table. As many of the king's vassals, Arthur's friend had given his life in service to his kingdom...and, as weighed most heavily on Arthur, to his king. As the sovereign finally branched into the business of the lands and the peacekeeping and patrolling efforts of the Knights, though, a sound like a cannon split the air, and rubble began to fall. Some of the younger knights, a few taking over for aged or deceased predecessors, flinched and jumped. Arthur didn't begrudge them the surprise, but instead froze, like the older, more experienced knights. A gryphon was descending through the destroyed dome of their rotunda! Arthur slowly began to reach for Excalibur where it hung ceremoniously on his chair, but the intelligent beast saw his movements and deduced at last where its target was. In the blink of an eye, it had attacked, slashing the king's arm and yanking the sword free. Knights yelled and clambered onto the table. Almost as quickly, it was gone, despite the king's best archers shooting after it with flaming arrows. The knights were rushing to Arthur's aid, but as they tried to lift the wounded king into his chair, he pushed them away sharply with his good arm, yelling for them to find Merlin and retrieve the sword! Mere minutes later, a long-bearded elder was at the top of the keep, on the walk where the guards watched nightly, despite the long peace. A few on-duty guards were startled by his sudden appearance; he gave off an air of swirling energy and intensity that wasn't expected in such an obviously aged man. It seemed uncanny— unnatural , even—and they were frightened. Merlin paid them no mind. He raised his staff and made motions with his hands, and something felt different to the men standing, watching, terrified . God, protect me! One man prayed, If I survive, I will go to mass each day and pray penance each night! They were in no danger, but the arcane was not to be trifled with. To have lived so long with his gift, Merlin had been forced to accrue incredible control and abilities, but the ordinary men on the tower with him were unfortunate enough to chance upon him in an instance where he could not hold back as usual. They would not be harmed—but they would not leave unaffected. \"Silverwings...protect the sword!\" His voice sounded no louder than a healthy man calling clearly-but somehow, it persisted , and echoed ...though nobody down below heard the sound of his voice, they would forever swear on their mothers and grandfathers that it had boomed even into their very skulls, forcing its way in , and through , and across the land. Far in the distance, they thought they heard a raptor's cry. . *~*~*~*~*~*THE NEXT MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . All able Knights of the Round Table, minus a protective force for Camelot itself, were sent outward in every direction to begin their search for the gryphon and the sword. The heralds and scribes were given an order by the king, who was pale and weak with loss of blood from the deep tears into his stronger arm, muscles nearly cut from the bone. The apothecaries had thought he would lose the arm, but Merlin locked them all out. When they returned three hours later, as per his orders, they found the old wizard near-fainting, and the king out cold...but with his arm obviously fully attached, though his wounds were still grave. Merlin ordered them to tend to the king as if it were a normal wound of such severity, because there was no more he could do...and then he somehow managed to hobble past them, and was not seen again for days. Following their orders, the heralds and scribes set off the emergency signal chain, blowing the horns from one tower to the next, and then building the first fire for the smoke signal. Once the signal began to be repeated from the nearest alert towers, they set off to deliver the messages they were to carry in person—one to each landholder, and a few to certain individuals particularly. . *~*~*~*~*~*MILES AWAY, HIDDEN*~*~*~*~*~* . The man gnashed his teeth, waking after a dream reliving a frustrating old memory. His plans, concocted and enacted over ten years, were finally coming to fruition. He heard the alarms blowing the pattern that announced an emergency with an upcoming message. Truthfully, he had expected it sooner—it was nearing nightfall, and the attack had been planned for the night before. But then, they were somewhat removed, out here. It was a pity, really, that this land didn't have a Knight-Protector, these days. It was a pity that Sir Lionel had refused to serve a new king! The man might have lived and prospered under him—except that his bullheadedness and determination to hang onto current ways had led him to label any challenger to the throne a \"false king\"...but he knew the truth! It was Arthur whose reign was stagnating the lands! It was time for somebody new to take power—and with his plans falling into place, that was exactly what he intended to do! Ruber had returned! ...and it was high time that Lady Juliana took advantage of that little invitation he'd heard she had received...![Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Hello, readers! I am so sorry for how long it has been. I had a family emergency when I otherwise would have had a week to work on writing this, and then my block at med school was winding down. I have forgotten neither you wonderful readers and reviewers nor this story! I can promise you that if I do decide to discontinue it, I will make note of it, not just drop off the face of the earth! Special thanks to ang4133 and IrisOdona1359, whose reviews helped encourage me and keep me determined to get back to this. I have been really flattered that a steady trickle of people seem to be following or favoriting this fic—wow! But you readers who have stopped and taken the time to review, sharing thoughts, criticisms, or appreciating things that appealed to you...just know you hold a special place in my heart! . . . Chapter 5: The Dilemma . At the sound of the alarm horns, Kayley looked up to the sky. Against the dimming backdrop of the nearing twilight, she could see the starts of smoke. At the towers, they would be signaling the message. Half an hour later, she was running into the house, breathless and flushed from exertion. She hurried to her mother's chambers, where a seamstress from the village abruptly halted her measuring work in shock. \"Kayley! By the heavens, what is the matter?\" Juliana asked, also quite startled by the sudden entrance. \"Excalibur has gone missing! Surely you heard the horns blowing an alarm! I read the message, and the heralds will, no doubt, be here in some days! We must be off at once to present ourselves to the king and offer our services!\" Kayley insisted, red cheeks showing no small amount of excitement. \"Be calm, my daughter!\" Juliana insisted, already composed once again, herself, though the news was grave indeed. \"This is no matter for a young lady such as yourself. The Knights of the Round Table have, no doubt, already set forth to reclaim the sword. We can best serve the king here, keeping order and watching over our lands to make sure word can be sent if any choose this time of seeming chaos to move against the kingdom.\" Her mother's words were wise ones—Kayley knew that having lands somewhat removed meant that they had special duties in keeping watch over their borders and alerting Camelot if any should mount a breach. But after years of crushed hopes and expectations, Kayley felt bitterness well up in her chest, not to be able to serve the king more directly in this time of need. She wanted the life her father had promised she would someday have! She should be doing his memory honor, serving the king however she could, if she could not serve in her father's place at his right hand! \"You shirk your duties to our liege-lord and king! I should have been in Camelot, ready to help from the start, with the Knights—I would have been, if you had not retained me here like a caged animal instead of presenting me to King Arthur years ago, to replace my fallen father as a loyal vassal!\" The seamstress gasped, paling, before trying her hardest to stare only at the dress on her lady and ignore both the family spat and her own mortification at seeing it. \"Kayley!\" Juliana was shocked, but Kayley had already run out the door, both mortified at her outburst—and in front of the seamstress!—and disappointed once again in her hopes to go serve the king in Camelot. For just a few blissful moments, she had thought that her time had come, and she would soon be able to fulfill her and her father's old dreams and expectations. That she would finally be presented at Camelot and fill the debt owed by her family to provide a new vassal—even if she wouldn't be Lionel's son . Her father had seemed confident that, as a young girl, she was equal in wit—and perhaps even fortitude—to what he would have expected in a son her age. Would he have been disappointed, to see her now? ...she would never know. She went back to the stables to check on the horses and their personal milk cow. She halfheartedly pitched some more hay into their stalls and then went to double-check the chickens, just to kill time. A few hadn't given any eggs that morning—and perhaps it was good that she checked, because one of them had laid one, since. She took it easily, planning on bringing it in to put in the larder in the kitchens herself, but dropped it as the sharp point of a spear pressed into the side of her neck, and a rough voice addressed her... . *~*~*~*~*~*BACK IN THE HOUSE*~*~*~*~*~* . Juliana was back in her regular clothes after her fitting, straightening a hanging tapestry in their main receiving hall inside the entryway. She was hoping that she would be there when Kayley came back in, so they could sort things out. They clearly needed to have a serious chat. On the one hand, she was Kayley's mother, and deserved the respect and obedience allotted her position as both her mother and the Lady in charge of their lands. As footsteps approached the door, a slight frown passed over her face. Stomping...? Was Kayley still cross about their earlier exchange? The girl was stubborn, but being foul-tempered was unlike her. Juliana turned to the door, ready to face her daughter...but when the door swung open harshly, banging loudly, the person who entered was certainly not her daughter! A cloaked and hooded man entered along with several brutes. Juliana was too distracted to notice that they were slightly different than normal men. Holding back panic, she stood tall. When she addressed the intruders, her voice was clear, firm, and filled with confidence and authority. \"Who enters a noble house so brazenly? Show your face!\" At her orders, the man reached up and pulled his hood back, revealing a face she had seen only a few times, briefly, but would never forget. \" Ruber .\" she spat, as if the name were a curse. It might as well have been, in that household. \"Juliana. How good to see you. I heard about the panic, and felt it was my duty to check in on the widow of an old friend . These lands are vulnerable without a lord to rule them.\" he noted, smirking as he approached her, slowly. His underlings laughed in low, stupid voices, not following the intricacies, but understanding she was being mocked for their invasion. \"We have fared well, these last ten years. King Arthur is good to his loyal subjects .\" she emphasized angrily. Ruber's smirk became more of an angry grimace, the slightly maddened man not realizing his expression was slipping. \"Too bad, indeed , then, that he has so recently lost the source of his power and authority, isn't it? How fortunate that someone like myself was nearby to check in on you, after all!\" he spat, then smiled again and grabbed her chin softly. She pulled away from his touch, sickened. \"It would cost but a kiss for me to take these lands under my favor. And for a little more... I could even assure you of their protection.\" At the implications, Juliana steeled her nerve and slapped him. \"Impertinent pig! Leave immediately ! You offer nothing we want!\" \"Well maybe you have something to offer me !\" Ruber snapped back. Before Juliana could reply, he went on, \"Even I have heard of the deep respect that King Arthur has for Sir Lionel's poor widow and orphaned child . If you were to bring your wagons to Camelot, the gates would be opened without question! The perfect way for me to smuggle in my delightful warriors...aren't they magnificent , Juliana?\" Juliana gasped, noticing for the first time how the arms of the men before her melded straight into weapons and other dangerous tools. She paled, even though she stood firm. \"I refuse. I will not betray my king.\" \"Will you then betray your own daughter ?!\" Ruber snarled, banging a mailed fist on the wall. More steel-armed men dragged Kayley in, struggling all the while. Ruber drew his sword, pointing it first at Kayley, and then at Juliana. \"The choice is yours, my Lady . You will ride to Camelot and smuggle my men into the walls in your wagons! Or else...\" he trailed off, slicing through the embroidered image of a young Kayley in the fine tapestry on the wall. Juliana squeezed her eyes and fist tightly, before uttering three words with all the strength and nobility of her position. \"...I will go.\"[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Hello, again! Much faster, you must admit! ;) . . . Chapter 6: The Escape . Ruber and his men had passed through the village that night and the next day, spreading terror and oppression. They secured the surrounding area to make sure no word could get out. Then they made a systematic pass through the village homes and huts and captured a sizable group of young, able-bodied men—and even a few older ones. They brought the men to a deep pit that had been dug and partially filled with water from the well. Juliana paled, forced to watch, restrained along with her daughter—neither of them had been harmed, thankfully...so far. Juliana was starting to see that Ruber had gone somewhat mad, in his time in the wilderness, and he had continued making disgusting suggestions about her—and occasionally, about Kayley. This worried Juliana more than anything else. She tried to hold his attention when he addressed the two of them. Thus far, he had not yet ordered them separated, though he had threatened it. The day was ending again, and Ruber gave a surprisingly charismatic—if frightening—speech about the captured men lending their service and being stronger, better selves, if they would only follow him. After taking of everyone's stores and crafts, Ruber's small band of brutes was almost entirely outfitted and supplied for the journey to Camelot. They would be leaving in the morning. Juliana calmed only slightly—so he wasn't going to kill her vassals, just conscript them. She hadn't fully failed them, yet. But then he announced the next part. This group would be part of his army, his elite warriors of steel and sinew. He took a potion—the origins brushed over, though it was apparently some unholy magical concoction—and threw it into the pit of water. And then he grabbed the first young man. A metal-armed man—was that a pitchfork on each hand?—brought forward an axe. As Ruber pushed the young man—the oldest son of the town carpenter, and a man engaged to be married—into the pit, Pitchfork-Arms threw the axe in as well. When they pulled him back up with the help of a ladder made of chains, his hands were deadly axe blades, and his eyes were dead and empty of reason. He seemed to rouse slowly as the group of captured men dwindled, being replaced by empty-eyed monsters...but he never even responded to his fiancée's sobs and cries. It was as though he were half asleep. Ruber ordered a night of feasting, to celebrate their upcoming victory. The brutes and monstrosities who had come with him—and were noticeably more alert than these new \"recruits\"—cheered sluggishly. Apparently they would never have full faculties with their metal hands. Juliana imagined that Ruber quite preferred it that way—nobody would question him, nor would any of them note his madness and try to stop him. . *~*~*~*~*~*AFTER NIGHTFALL*~*~*~*~*~* . There were bonfires, and a cow and two pigs had been slaughtered. The men were ravaging the stores and herds that were meant to last the village through the winter. At least the village people were being fed—albeit at sword-point. Ruber did not take kindly to the old woman who declined meat, saying her gums were too weak; after he backhanded her, then barely allowed Jocosa to run up to tend to her, nobody dared refuse him again. Kayley and Juliana were left out of these festivities, and did not know if they would, in fact, be fed at all. Ruber had not bothered to give them more a few mouthfuls of water apiece while the pit was being filled, ordering one of his minions to hold the bucket for them so they could drink when they started to look like they might faint. Beyond that, he had mostly ignored them, except to remind his goons to keep hold of them. Juliana was not against losing his interest. As the night wore on, dancing began, and a number of the village women were manhandled into joining to \"even the balance\"—it seemed that Ruber had enough control that it would not get further out of hand, though. At least for the time being. The young carpenter's fiancée was silently crying as she was led through the steps and passed to the next partner in the circle during a popular folk dance. Her future husband sat slowly eating a roast slab of meat, not seeming to recognize her at all despite the pleading looks she sent him, as if he could interfere. The other metal men were taking turns getting the meat. And that was when a mistake happened. The guard taking a turn watching them was one of the newer ones, still responsive almost only to orders from Ruber and general tasks like eating and drinking. He scratched his head while watching the dancing men, rocking from side to side, before getting distracted by a bite of meat caught on the sharp edge of the long dagger he had for a hand. As he struggled to maneuver the blade to his mouth, he let go of Kayley . \"Kayley.\" Juliana spoke softly, hardly more than a whisper, but with all the poise and authority she had in her. \"Go— go now ! Be careful as you leave, and then take the main road once you pass the crags and gallop to gain a head start. Hide as best you can. It is three weeks to Camelot, but you must get there before us and warn the king. The kingdom will be safe...and so can our vassals.\" Kayley sobered at the thought—if they invaded the city, their people, enslaved against their will, would be slaughtered along with any who joined Ruber willingly. She hesitated just a moment, though, at the thought of leaving her mother in the evil man's hands, knowing what might happen to her when Ruber discovered her escape and unleashed his wrath; it was bound to be terrible, for he was mad and long in waiting for his revenge. \"Mother...\" she objected softly, giving her a pained gaze. \"Go now! It is the moment of truth—will you serve your king and people, or not?\" And with a clench of her fist, Kayley ducked though the bushes, and made her way to the stables. She took their fastest horse, one that was a little slow and unruly, but that she could usually master. She grabbed no provisions, knowing the horse could graze, and hoping she could find something edible along the road. If not, she would reach the next village before she starved. She had no money on her, but she was still wearing fine earrings and a family ring. If she had to sell it, it would have to be—she would try to buy it back when there was peace again in their lands. She walked the horse around the outskirts, trying to remember where she had seen the guards leaving to go get meat and mead. She led them down the rocky hills, trying to stay in grass as much as possible...but when she was passing through a natural tunnel in the rock, trying to stay out of view, she came to a sudden halt. Footsteps were approaching. \"I saw you in the distance and came out to meet you. The warning signal said Excalibur was missing. The initial strike on Camelot has gone as planned?\" It was Ruber. Kayley's heart froze at the ominous question. But then, as the strange, hardly-human voice responded, hope began to swell in her breast. It had been Ruber all along, yes—and Excalibur was stolen , not missing—but they had failed ! Ruber was raving. \"A gryphon, defeated by a mere bird ?! If you have betrayed me, you useless cur—\" a terrifying sound between a screech and a roar split the air. It was all Kayley could do to steady the horse, gripping its snout tightly closed and hoping the roar itself had covered up the whinny. It seemed that it had. She blew gently into the horse's nose, petting it and trying to keep it still. \"I know my fate, human —until this bond is severed, I will serve you! But be warned, do not cross me ! My bonds won't last forever, and a gryphon lives many times the years of a mere mortal like yourself! If you want some useful information, it is this: beware the falcon! It was no ordinary bird , that stopped a gryphon! It is a powerful familiar, a falcon with unnatural silver wings, the likes of which few humans have seen— beware! \" Kayley was almost afraid the gryphon would shriek again, but instead, she heard flapping and thought she managed to muffle the nervous snuffling of the horse decently well. She had to move forward! How soon, until she was missed...?! She walked briskly with the horse after Ruber's footsteps faded back toward the village, but she had only gotten another mile or two down the road when she heard yelling in the distance. Fearing the worse, she swung up into the saddle, just in time to hear Ruber yelling for them to get horses and find the girl ! Kayley took off at a gallop, and Juliana strained to see from where she'd been dragged with the readying half-metal warriors. Powerless in every other way, the noble lady fought back the fear and tears and prayed for her daughter's protection and safety.[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Buon giorno da Italia! Sono le Sette e mezza, e sono in treno. If your Italian is better than mine, you must know that I'm typing this from a seat in a train, in Italy. It's a long story how I got here, and one that has more than one unfortunate circumstance stemming from the family emergency I mentioned months ago in another Author's Note. However, everyone is okay now — at least for the time being — and I am spending these two weeks of my only summer of medical school accompanying my sister here in Italy. It is beautiful, and has nicer weather, though I would have traded the trip to avoid the reason I became the backup travel companion. Still, we live with what reality we have, and the trip has been lovely so far. Since I have a couple of long train rides today and tomorrow, I'm hoping to type out at least a chapter or two on my mobile for you all, to post whenever we have internet access; please forgive the mistakes that will surely arise from this! I apologize again for the long waits, and thank all of you who have commented or followed or favorited this story—including those anonymous users whose identities I may never know! Your occasional support has kept this story in my mind and helped me stay determined to write as soon as I could. I appreciated every notification! . . . Chapter 7: Flight and Fortune . It was a terrible night. Kayley was pushing the poor horse as hard as she could; she knew it could not last forever. Her only hope was that this swift horse, with her slight frame and lack of supplies, could outlast the warhorses of the metal monsters. Surely with their intense bulk, their horses would tire or die first? The metal men themselves, she could not even guess whether or not they tired or rested. Unfortunately, there was no room for uncertainty; without knowing if she could count on them to stop and sleep, she had to assume it was a race between the horses. She would have to pray that her choice had been the right one. All through the night, she heard the noises of the metal men in the distance, gaining on her. As the sky started to pink with dawn, they were close enough that they started shooting toward her. The stupid and unruly horse broke, tired and panicked, and veered off the road, which seemed to have thinned in the night. Unbeknownst to the young maiden, she had forked the wrong way in the dark, unaccustomed to the roads and furiously galloping. Kayley screamed, despite her usual poise, and had no choice but to cling to the horse's mane as it veered off the road, tearing through the untended fields. Once she gained control of the horse again, she had no choice but to continue, as the metal men were following—the only good to come of the mistake was that the grass seemed to hinder them. She had to press whatever advantages she could, after all! As they galloped past a tree, another projectile came close, and she barely saw it stick straight into the trunk as they rushed onward. A bolt! They have crossbows! Kayley thought, alarmed. Desperate, she leaned forward and urged the horse on even more strongly than before. It leapt over stones and logs, snorting and fearful, sweaty and lathered; Kayley only prayed that it wouldn't die. Surely the stable-hands had been exercising all of the horses as expected? As the scrub began to thicken, the dim-witted beast struggled to turn away, and it was all Kayley could do to hold it. The trees became more and more frequent, and the horse finally reached its limits, rearing and throwing the girl before stupidly continuing its panicked run, banking left to avoid the thick brambles into which Kayley had fallen. Stunned, the young woman lay on the ground for a whole minute before her vision and consciousness, both fuzzy, faded back in. Her panic helped her struggle to awareness despite the nausea, aided by the sounds of men yelling, metal clinking, and bolts sinking into trees around her. Vision still blurry and tilting, stomach feeling like it could turn at any moment, she clenched her teeth and pulled herself through the brambles despite the pain as the thorns tore at her skin. She struggled through the grasses and shrubs as bolts came toward her; the thudding of them solidly into trees had fear clenching her heart in a tight fist as she stumbled and ran. She could hear them gaining as she fled on wobbling legs. Ten minutes later, an axe hit a tree as she passed. She couldn't outrun them! They cleared the brush effortlessly and stomped through brambles like grass, unhindered by the wilds of this dark forest. She stumbled, her head spun, and her stomach was only precariously holding onto its minimal contents. More minutes passed, each seeming like an eternity as the metal men drew ever nearer. Kayley was starting to feel despair as the burning in her chest and limbs told her she couldn't continue much longer, breath coming in desperate gasps... And then she fell. . *~*~*~*~*~*EARLIER THAT MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . The sky was just touched with the pink of dawn on the horizon...or so he assumed. It had been years since he had looked at the sky. The eternal twilight of the forest was never broken for him; even when he went up through breaks in the canopy, the world stayed dark through his ruined eyes. No, it wasn't the slight lightening through the trees that woke Garrett; it was the birds who heralded it. His companion was missing—Ayden had disappeared, as he sometimes did for a while. Fortunately, Garrett was so in tune with the forest after these several years that he did not need the constant assistant of his feathered friend. He could avoid whatever troubles lurked in the forest and get on with his life well enough alone; after all, hadn't he wanted and expected solitude, when he left Camelot to live as a hermit? He had left some nets the day before, and today he would check them. Fresh fish would make a good meal—more, if he set some to stewing. Walking along the familiar paths to the pool under the ledges, Garrett determined to set a fish aside for Ayden; it had been a few days, now, and the falcon was bound to be hungry upon his return. If he didn't come back soon, Garrett could always smoke it before it went to waste. Arriving at the banks, Garrett felt his way carefully. Even familiar as he was with the area, the dirt got muddy and could shift. Ignoring caution didn't save time, but heeding it could save one's neck. Today wasn't a good day to be dead. Chuckling at his own joke, the hermit eased into the waters, feeling around some more with his feet to make sure he didn't fall into one of the deeper parts of the pools. He could swim, yes, but anything that fell too hard through particular chasms would almost certainly destroy— A sharp sound broke his thoughts and caused him to swing his staff up into a ready position. It was a cry from a beast sound far more dangerous and malevolent than those he had expected to encounter that day in the forest. It was human. . *~*~*~*~*~*KAYLEY'S PERSPECTIVE*~*~*~*~*~* . She hadn't seen the exact definition of the rocks or known that the vines there were trying to soak up what little sun came through over the water, where no trees could root. So when she tripped, she instinctively grabbed at those vines for somewhere to hold. Instead of catching herself on them, they gave way and fell with her. Over a ledge she went, vines tangling with her, a cry escaping her lips unbidden before she could stifle it—not that the metal men didn't already know which way she had gone. And not that it would matter if she fell now to her death. She had hardly cut off her yell when she hit water, sinking almost in a surreal way into blue-green silence. She could swim, in fact; her father had made sure when she was quite young, since their lands had some treacherous rivers and not many vassals, should she fall into one. He had not, however, taught her to escape vines, and she had no knife—not even the ornamental one she usually kept on her person, which had been seized when she was captured by the metal men. She struggled, trying to keep the air in her lungs and let it help her rise. Her wet clothes and the vines dragged her down, though, and it was only a sudden tugging sensation that helped her find the fortunate handhold she quickly grabbed to pull herself up. When her head broke the water, she gasped for air, gulping it desperately. She struggled out of the remaining vines, which had mostly fallen around her ankles as she stood on the higher ledge. Looking into her hands, she saw that the twisting something she had grabbed was, in fact, a net. It had probably slowed her fall, in fact, before her tangled form had sunk too deep for escape. She swallowed, sobered by how close a brush with a terrible death of drowning it had been. But those thoughts were interrupted when clanking metal and yelling broke through the silence, followed by large splashes. She stumbled, trying to run to the bank and out of its depths. Three metal men had jumped over the cliff after her, using their metal limbs to pull themselves up the rock and mud. Kayley struggled through the mud, nearing the banks as she saw them emerge, only to hear a piercing shriek followed by the sounds of combat. She turned, half-stuck anyway,and saw a man—a man fighting the metal men ! He appeared to be helped by some sort of raptor, by the screech, which was diving in and out of the fray, occasionally screeching. Kayley hadn't noticed before, but the trees were swishing angrily, even without a breeze. A thrill of fear passed through her, hand rising automatically to her heart. One by one, the man and falcon somehow dispatched the metal men. Kayley tried not to imagine who it might have been of her people—had the butcher's son had a crossbow? Had the axe stuck in the tree looked like the make of the blacksmith who lived over the hill? She offered up a quick prayer for the souls of the men seemingly swallowed by the ground—how it had happened, she wasn't even sure, like a trick if her eyes as the rock and wood slipped over them. She was afraid to speak, wondering if she had escaped the man's notice; he spoke softly, seemingly to the bird, which had landed on his shoulder, and then bent, mumbling inaudibly. A sudden yank had the net leaping from her hands, and she realized it must belong to this man. This man, who had defeated three metal men on his own. This man, who had saved her life. She took a few quiet steps toward him.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Finished the last chapter on the same day's ride back. Still have some time on the train for today, so might as well keep going! Why mess with a good thing? After all, I write for pleasure—if it were otherwise, I'm sure it would be more often and less enjoyable! . . . Chapter 8: The Forest Hermit . \"I give you my thanks, for saving me from those metal men. I have never seen such valiant fighting—you were incredible! You hardly even...\" She trailed off slightly, getting close enough now that she could hear him muttering about the ruined net. \"...seem to be listening.\" she finished her previous sentence, somewhat miffed. What impertinence! What man pays no mind when a noblewoman is talking?! Surely just her dress, even if ruined, and her jewelry should have been evidence of her position? Perhaps he was older than she had thought, and hard of hearing. She spoke a little more loudly. \"You saved my life. Thank you.\" She spoke clearly, trying to sound her position, despite her wretched appearance and evident exhaustion. \"Everybody makes mistakes, I suppose.\" Answered a dry voice, and the back of a head of hair, far too richly colored to belong to an old man, came into view as he stood. The back, because he would not even face her. Thrice, then. Thrice rudeness was returned for her gratitude! Frustration and exhaustion combined were not a good combination. \"I find your humor ill-suits me. Perhaps you are a failed jester, exiled from the king's court for such jokes?\" She snapped, annoyed. \"Not at all—and now I must thank you .\" He said abruptly. \"Why?\" Kayley was startled into near rudeness herself, at the sudden change in attitude. \"For reminding me why I'm a hermit. Good day!\" The man answered in that same dry tone, starting to walk away. Kayley, desperate and having hoped to somehow convince this heroic man to join with her, made one more desperate attempt to get the man to listen. \"W-wait, please! What is your name?\" she tried, hoping to at least slow him as he left, splashing as she tried to catch up and go around him. \"It is Garrett. Farewell.\" \"Garrett, my name is Kayley, and I am a noble woman. Surely you could do me the kindness of looking toward me while I talk to—oh!\" She had made it around him, now, and he had stopped with resignation, shoulders stiffening against her words. Her face flushed with shame as, closer now, she saw his blank eyes. \"Forgive me, Goodman Garrett. I-I didn't realize you were—\" \"Tall? Partially undressed? A hermit and in desire of solitude?\" He asked, dry voice now starting to sound annoyed. \"...blind.\" Kayley admitted softly, trying not to think about the middle one—the man did indeed seem to be without breeches as he waded, though his tunic sufficed for basic modesty. She never would have expected the man to be blind , though! The blind old widow back in the village was now a beggar, unable to support herself with her ruined eyes. Kayley had never expected such heroics could be accomplished by a blind man. \"Of course, Noblewoman Kayley—somehow, I always forget that one.\" Garrett quipped, voice flinty, when a ray of light struck the raptor on his shoulders, revealed with a glint to be a falcon with silver wings. Kayley was so startled that it overshadowed her shame at her insensitive words. \"Your falcon! He has silver wings!\" she cried suddenly. After excusing herself again at the unfortunate choice of words, she explained to Garrett what that meant, explaining at his disbelief that Excalibur had been stolen, and that a villainous ex-knight was trying to recover it and get to Camelot to take over. \"Those metal men you fought were his doing as well. I don't know where he got the first, but he captured men from our lands to add to his ranks...after he captured me and my mother.\" \"Your men joined him?\" Garrett sounded shocked and unhappy at this, and Kayley harbored hope that he would help her, after all. \"Not at all...he forced them into water with steel and some unholy concoction.\" Kayley explained, miserable, \"When they emerged, they seemed half-dead and recognized not even their own wives or families...and were one with the steel. 'Twas a gruesome sight.\" \"And you claim that this man lost Excalibur, once it was taken?\" Garrett asked firmly. \"The gryphon said as much! It warned him of a falcon with silver wings who had interrupted his theft of the sword—he said to beware!\" As she spoke, indignant of his distrust, the falcon began to bob and make small noises, rubbing its beak. The man seemed to listen. \"It is here? Then we have no time to lose—we're going after it!\" \"Thank you! I had hoped, when I saw how you defeated the metal men—\" \"You misunderstand, noble Kayley—I am a hermit. I meant me and Ayden.\" he explained, lifting his arm with the falcon lightly, seeming almost amused. At her objection, he started to explain how dangerous the forest could be for those unfamiliar with it and its ways. She struggled to follow his quick, long stride despite her weary and battered body, falling prey to several of the unpleasantries he easily avoided. As she struggled up after him onto the top of a ledge even taller than the one from which she had fallen into his nets, Ayden flew down to her shoulder from the hermit's, nuzzling her gently. She smiled despite her weariness, stroking his head—the gryphon was right, it would seem, about this falcon being magical and unusual. She had never seen such an intelligent animal. \"Ayden...\" Garrett seemed surprised, and Kayley looked to him, hopeful that the falcon's approval may have won his. She was soon rewarded by a scowl and grumble of acceptance—with the condition that she not cause any trouble. She agreed fervently. . *~*~*~*~*AN HOUR LATER*~*~*~*~*~* . Garrett's hut was not large, and he did not have much to take for supplies. He had one pack, made of animal skin, into which he put what few food items he had on hand...and a large wine-bladder and water-skin. \"I don't suppose you have one of these, Noblewoman?\" Garrett hadn't spoken much, but he turned to her now, holding up the water-skin for reference. \"No. I have nothing—nothing of use, at least.\" She sounded perhaps almost as miserable and bitter about that fact as she felt. Garrett sighed, but went and got something from under his crude cot. He tossed it her way, and she barely managed to catch it. \"I want that back .\" Garrett said firmly, suspicion evident. \"It took me a lot of trouble to prepare that as I wanted it.\" \"Thank you.\" Kayley answered quietly, turning it in her hands. Garrett just grunted in acknowledgement, and Kayley tried not to let her annoyance at his constant rudeness overwhelm her civility. She stayed silent as he sorted through his scant possessions, putting some things in his pack and leaving others behind. Finally, he closed it and fastened it tightly. \"The rest, you will have to carry.\" he said directly, somehow staring at her with ruined eyes. \"In my arms?\" Kayley objected, not having anything else to use to haul whatever assorted items he wanted her to take. \"No—in this.\" he answered, holding up a bag, very worn, but in decent condition. It was not a rough, forest bag like the one Garrett had packed for himself. It was small, and seemed to be made of good, oiled leather, though neglected for some indeterminable length of time. \"It is small, as for a child.\" Kayley noted clinically. This wasn't a complaint, necessarily—she was scraped and exhausted, and a lesser burden was probably some scant kindness from the rude man. \"I suppose I was one, when I used it.\" Kayley didn't answer this equally emotionless observation, just turned the bag over in her hands. When she saw the symbol on the metal buckle for the fastenings, however—it truly was a beautiful bag, making Kayley wonder on his origins and station in life before his hermitage—she blinked in both surprise and recognition. \"This seal! Are you—\" \"Ready to go? Yes—let's be off.\" Garrett cut her off, interrupting the question she had been about to ask. \"Here, put these in your pack with the water-skin; just keep the skin on top so we can fill them as we go.\" Kayley was a noblewoman, and well-schooled in etiquette. She picked up easily on how he had changed the subject with such finality. Despite her frustration with his poor manners, she let the moment pass. He was clearly unwilling to discuss his past; she had to respect that, for now. Her current circumstances allowed her no alternative but to follow his preferences and accept whatever aid she could get from him—at the very least, his help traversing the treacherous forest. She had seen the seal, though, and she knew what it meant; it was unmistakable. The buckle bore the symbol of Camelot. As far as its hermit-owner, she could only guess.[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Wrote a chunk of this on a train from Firenze to Milano, a chunk in a hotel or hostel in either Milano or Venezia, and some at my place back at med school. I know there's still been a small delay, but isn't this better than before? Some of the errors in this story are frustrating me, as a beta. I took the liberty of updating a few of the chapters, but until I get a better computer and stop using my phone for updates at times, these aggravating little errors will probably continue to be the norm... . . . Chapter 9: Rough Starts . The first hour, Kayley was able to get information from Garrett about the distance from one end of the forest to the other, and from the edge of the forest to Camelot. It looked like she would be able to save almost a week by traveling the forest! One week! Hope swelled in her chest for her mother and her people. She offered a prayer for their safety and pressed onward. The second hour, she had a hard time keeping up. Her excitement was still in the back of her mind, but the newness of the realization had worn off, and Garrett ignored or hedged her attempts at exchanging pleasantries or polite conversation. She struggled to follow his footsteps and avoid the dangers of the forest that he automatically dodged with hardly a thought. Each time she stumbled or got stuck in a trap—such as the vine which seized her ankle, almost causing her to fall—she could feel his scorn as he impatiently freed her. By the third hour, Kayley's exhaustion refused to be ignored. She even tried drinking from the water-skin, to stave it off, despite knowing she had to save the precious water. It made her nervous, to be drinking simple water, but the wine-bladder was precious, she knew, and would have to be rationed carefully and saved for true need. It would not be her decision to make, either, as neither wine nor bladder belonged to her. The slight distraction of those thoughts, though, combined with the rigors of the previous two days, were enough that Kayley fell prey to yet another of the forest's traps: a snapping flower with vicious teeth swung at her, knocking her over and biting the arm she raised to protect herself. She let out a cry, but had hardly hit the ground when Garrett was there in front of her, easily beating back the monstrous plant until it was still. \"Hurry up—it won't be stunned forever.\" he grumbled, trudging forward again. Kayley's exhausted legs trembled, arm throbbing painfully where the small-but-sharp row of teeth had punctured her lightly. She had mostly gotten out of range, but only a small success was needed for the monster; its fangs were quite sharp! As she struggled to her feet and to keep up again, she heard Garrett grumble to Ayden about the mess he'd gotten them into, insisting on this woman coming along. Kayley's eyes teared with the pain and the injustice of it all. \"I never asked to end up here!\" she snapped, in a very unladylike fashion. \"I haven't eaten in a full day, and I haven't slept in two nights. Would that I had never needed to come to this forsaken place! Between that stupid fanged lichen and whatever other godless monstrosities I passed on the way into this forest, I've been bled and shredded more than three doctors and a barber could have plotted—\" her tirade was cut off by Garrett suddenly turning and striding her way. She froze, terrified, suddenly remembering how large and fierce the hermit truly was. An apology was flying to her lips when he spoke. \"That plant. It bit you?\" he demanded. She started to nod, before choking out an affirmative reply when she remembered he could not see. \"Show me.\" Equally demanding, he held out his hands, palms up, answering the question she had been about to incredulously ask. She gingerly laid her wounded arm across his hands, trying not to be scandalized when he carefully felt along it down to the hand and up almost to the shoulder, pushing back the sleeve of her gown. She had been examined equally intimately after falls or during illnesses in the past, and for such callous hands—and manners, for that matter—the hermit's probing was not overly rough or painful. She couldn't help but wince when he touched the new punctures or deeper scrapes and scratches from her previous flight from the metal men. \"None are too serious, I know—I spoke in anger.\" she admitted, unable to meet his eyes, when his hands were on her skin, despite knowing he would not see her gaze. \"You need to tell me when things like this happen! Those fangs are poisonous !\" Garrett half-growled, and Kayley paled, looking up to his face and a pox on propriety ! \"Poisonous?! A-am I—\" she stumbled over her words, frightened and already weak from exhaustion, but he sighed and shook his head, cutting her off. \"I have a tincture that overcomes it. Hold still.\" Garrett instructed, letting go to remove his pack and deftly grab something out of it. \"This may burn.\" he warned, grabbing her arm back again and holding it a little more firmly. Kayley just gritted her teeth and looked away. She had survived worse, she reminded herself; and while it did in fact sting, it was bearable, though she dashed the tears from her eyes with her other hand. It was reflex, she told herself—nothing more. She opened her mouth to say her thanks, only to have a small bottle pressed into her hands. It was carved semi-roughly, with a leaf-shaped stopper. \"I—thank you. What is this?\" Kayley questioned. \"It's a salve, made from herbs here in the forest. Apply it directly onto the bites now, and rub a drop over your other wounds before you sleep tonight and in the morning. They should heal in a couple of days.\" At the shocked silence, he added another comment, still wry, but amused. \"Have you forgotten that this place is heavy with magic, Noblewoman? Especially considering your most recent assailant, you would do well to keep in it mind. It can both help and hurt, after all.\" A falcon's screech pierced the pause, and Ayden circled down to land on Garrett's shoulder. To Kayley's surprise, the man actually smiled. \"Yes. Quite like Ayden, in fact.\" Garrett answered. Kayley would have thought he was teasing, had she not witnessed firsthand the uncanny abilities of that particular raptor. It struck her that she would do well to remember that fey magics were steeped into everything around her in this place, and that it could hurt as well as help. \"Have you creature magic, to understand him? I only hear screeching and animal noises.\" Kayley finally had the nerve to bring up. Garrett paused thoughtfully. \"No. It is not creature magic—I understand only Ayden.\" She swallowed and nodded, before remembering again and answering out loud. \"O-oh, I see. Thank you.\" Not surprisingly, Garrett only shrugged and grunted. This conversation after her bite might have been the most he said to her thus far; it was bound to end soon enough, especially when she had run out of more to say or ask. \"Come. There's a clearing up ahead. We will eat, and then set up camp. You will sleep, and I'll take the first watch.\" \"But we'll lose the day!\" Kayley objected. \"The day is half gone, and we'll need to take watches, anyway. Spending extra time now can save it in the long run. And nobody traverses the forest at night.\" Garrett said simply, as if it were law. Kayley, despite her anxiousness to get on with their travels, had to accept it as such, not that she could tell the hour in the dim, filtered light of the forest. She wasn't sure how Garrett was telling the time, but she didn't dare ask. Besides, she was exhausted and starving, to the point that even the thought of just jerky meat and sleep—even on the ground!—was nearly moving her to tears. Her relief so overwhelmed her, and his explanations seemed so reasonable, that she didn't stop to question if it was really just because of the approaching night. . ~*~*~*~*~*~FOUR DAYS LATER~*~*~*~*~*~ . Days had passed, since she had fled from her captors. Garrett was quiet, and Kayley was feeling the pressure to hurry. She was starting to get frustrated with her companion's rudeness and unwillingness to answer her questions. After days of traveling together, one would expect he would start to at least show her some human kindness, if not respect; after all, she was a noble woman, ripped from her life and forced to flee to save her people, her mother, and her king! She had barely complained, listened when he taught her about the forest—where they were and had next to go, what was safe to eat and how to prepare it—and used these lessons to assist in camp and preparations. After the first two days of pain and soreness from her flight and injury had passed and she was mostly mended, the endurance she had built up through her crude self-training became evident. Garrett had made not a comment about her more able pace, though he adjusted accordingly. Kayley learned not to comment when, in response to her question about if their faster pace would trim further time from their journey, he simply told her that it would hopefully be enough to earn back the time they lost when she was slow at the beginning. The man had no gentle sentiments about him—he was condescending and unsociable. Sometimes Kayley truly started to feel he was wild, like the animals in the forest—and equally intractable! He had not spoken to her in over a day, now, to make matters worse. The most she had gotten from him was a grunt when she offered to collect the firewood the night before. He had not joined her in speaking evening prayers, nor had he responded to her polite good wishes for the night. When he didn't answer her suggestion that they stop to prepare food to eat, her patience finally broke. \"Lovely! Thank you. If it isn't too much trouble, Goodman, I'll just leave these things here under your protection while I look for some additions for our meal.\" She said all this pleasantly, but with the aim to annoy the hard man. She set down the bags noisily in a small pile of leaf litter and crunched off through the trees, though not far from their path. She grumbled to herself, pushing back the guilt at being rude to Garrett. If he wanted things to be unpleasant, she could be selfish and inconsiderate just as well as the next person! In the distance, she heard a shriek and felt a little guilty for Ayden, who had been scouting ahead for them. She wished she had the skills to trap him a fat mouse, or maybe a squirrel. Fresh meat had to be more pleasant for a wild raptor—even such an uncanny, intelligent one as Ayden! Even Kayley tired of the endless, tough strips of jerky. When she returned to the area where she had stopped, she found Ayden peering with that sharp gaze of his at Garrett, who was grumbling while setting up a small pot over a small fire, looking unhappy. Kayley was almost amused at the thought of the harsh hermit being scolded by a bird ! She felt a devilish surge of satisfaction to see her ploy to annoy him successful. The victory was only made sweeter when the falcon flew up to her shoulder and nuzzled her before peering at Garrett again, letting out a shriek that made Kayley flinch from the proximity. The hermit's scowl only deepened, jaw setting, and Kayley held up her arm bent at the elbow, so Ayden could go to her forearm and look at her. His talons were sharp, but he seemed to be trying to be cautious. At his knowing look, the young noblewoman couldn't help but smile. She was barely holding back a giggle of amusement, when the raptor bent down and nipped her finger lightly. Somehow, she had the knowledge that she was being scolded, too. \"I know. But I simply could not help it—I have been so frustrated!\" she said softly, trusting the task Garrett had at hand and his sullen mood to keep him focused purposefully away from her. Ayden now gave her one of those scathing looks before fluttering back to a branch near Garrett and his fire. Chastised, Kayley came over to offer her gatherings. \"I found a number of mushrooms, some herbs, and a few other things. If I had realized we would have stew tonight, I would have taken more plants.\" she said apologetically, though she took none of the blame for that . \"It was a sudden decision.\" Garrett answered quietly, and she accepted this, assigning the blame to nobody. They emptied out some strips of smoked meat, Kayley's entire water-skin, and the mushrooms and herbs she had collected. After two days of dry rations once their fresh food had run out, Kayley's mouth was watering at the smell of soup! She offered Ayden the first piece of meat from her fork, but he shrieked and stayed on his branch. She had the vague feeling it was a negative, but she didn't understand. \"Have I offended him?\" Kayley fretted quietly to Garrett. \"I meant no disrespect.\" she assured Ayden. Garrett spoke up automatically. \"He simply said he will hunt. It's not a bad idea—we will run out of meat soon, too.\" Garrett noted, only to glance up wryly with a snort as Ayden screeched again, then flew away. \"What was that?\" Kayley asked, curious. Garrett grunted with a nod as he chewed some meat, and Kayley waited in hopes that he meant he would answer. \"He said we should indeed hunt, because he would rather not be forced to share his game.\" Garrett answered dryly. Kayley was shocked—did the bird have a sense of humor? \"I got the impression it was meant as an insult, as though we are helpless as chicks if we need feeding.\" Garrett added as a side-note. \"Have you always understood him like this? I can sometimes puzzle out the most basic sentiments—often just by watching—but I can't get the messages you can out of his cries.\" \"No. It was not always so easy.\" Garrett stared unseeing into the fire, looking pensive. Kayley stayed quiet, thinking that was all she would get of the story, given his constant reticence. She was surprised, then, when he continued. \"Ayden found me just as I began my life in the forest, as if the fates were looking out for me. At first I heard only screeches, as well, but they quickly started to take on a—a tone , almost, as if I could hear approval or warning in them.\" It was similar to what Kayley heard, now! Would she, someday, be able to understand the falcon, as well? \"Soon I heard sentiments—no, not heard , perhaps, maybe more… perceived . Now, it's more an impression of his meaning that I get, I suppose. An understanding fills me, and I can almost hear words, if I think back on it, like echoes of a distant memory ringing in my ears.\" After that last explanation from Garrett, they ate in silence, and washed the cooking and eating tools in silence, and re-packed everything in silence. Ayden returned with blood on his talons and some feathers; Kayley politely refrained to comment on it as he set to cleaning and preening, and they set camp for bed. Kayley finally broke the silence to say her prayers and wish Garrett a good night and peaceful slumber; he only rolled away from her, not deigning to answer. Annoyance flooded her again as she turned away, not wanting to even look at the aggravating man across the fire! That mischievous and childish desire to annoy him welled up in her once again, and she drifted to sleep amused with the possibilities she schemed up in her sleep-addled mind. Ayden would not have been amused.[Chapter 10] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: Hello, readers! I am truly sorry it's been so long! I had been so hopeful that I would get a new chapter up for you when I had a few days off...unfortunately, personal health needs and leftover work got in the way. It's been almost non-stop, and I really should be preparing for my upcoming exam, right now. Fortunately for you (if possibly unfortunately for me?!), I have been completely unable to push my neglected fic from my mind! So even though I haven't worked hard enough today to deserve a break, I'm going to work on this story, anyway. Thank you, all readers...but especially those who have left reviews! I can't reply to anonymous reviews, but I read and cherish every single one of them. They keep me inspired, give me the will to keep trying to find time in my ridiculous medical school schedule to write this, and remind me of why I love fanfiction, where I can share my love of series, reading, and writing with fans like me! 83 visitors, 383 views, and 2 reviews just last month (October 2013)...wow! I appreciate you all so much, and I hope you will enjoy this next installment! I hereby officially reaffirm my promise that, unless I post notice that I am discontinuing the story, I am still working on it (however slowly that may be)! . . . Chapter 10: Dragon Country . King Arthur sat upright without assistance on his bed, though it strained him to his limit. He had slept for three days and two nights after Merlin had ministered to his wounds. Said wizard was with him again, in fact, changing his bandages. Once again. While the king found it difficult to agree with wasting so much good cloth and the labor of good servants to prepare the complex dressings the wizard demanded, he dared not refuse the wise and loyal man's instructions on this dangerous issue. But who ever heard of changing bandages every three days?! When Arthur had awoken on the third night after the attack, his servants and some trusted knights informed him of what had happened in all matters during his indisposition. He had learned of Merlin's secretive tending of his wounds, and how he owed his arm—and likely, his life—to the wizard. Once again, King Arthur noted bleakly. If the old man ever demanded something critical of Arthur, he would be in a terrible position to refuse. He hoped again that they never ended at odds with one another. They were coming close, with the wizard's demands that the knights and servants keep away beyond tending the king's most urgent needs—Merlin himself was the only person permitted, under these orders, to give Arthur news of his own kingdom. If Merlin's magic had, in fact, been his salvation, this time, though...Arthur knew it would be most imprudent to interfere in whatever sorcery the wizard might be working. So, the king quietly bit back his reluctance and tolerated the pungent, stinging herbal concoctions Merlin used as plasters and the fine, boiled-clean bandages in which the king's arm had been repeatedly wrapped. Every third day. Such as today. Even though the pain of the bandage-changing made him feel exceedingly weak afresh, every time. \"It looks better, Sire. I believe that this time, we could wait a full five days before changing the bandages again.\" Merlin announced, and Arthur supposed he could see some satisfaction in the placid man's demeanor. The old wizard was not prone to showing his thoughts and emotions freely—he was, in fact, one of the most guarded men Arthur had ever known. If one could truly know a man such as Merlin. Despite his relief at the thought of extra time before undergoing this ordeal again, the king's thoughts would not be held long from his main concern. \"Merlin...\" Arthur grunted through the pain of the bandages fastening around his mangled arm. \"Has there been word on the whereabouts of Excalibur? Have the Knights recovered it?\" Merlin only sighed, knowing that the king would not be distracted from news any longer. The wizard had insisted the king rest and push such concerns from his mind for the past few days...but he knew the brave man would not abide these suggestions indefinitely. \"No, Your Majesty. They have not.\" Merlin intoned formally. \"I assure you, however, that their valiant efforts continue.\" Much to Merlin's alarm, the king stood. \"I must rejoin them. The kingdom cannot afford my inactivity any longer.\" Arthur said, suddenly taking shaky steps toward the window and his wardrobe. \"No!\" Merlin cried in warning, moving more swiftly than one would expect for such an old man. He caught Arthur by his good arm and torso just as he crumpled. \"There is no choice, Merlin! Would you have me abandon my people, after all you sacrificed to install me on this throne? Would you have me thought a coward, hiding behind the skirts of a wizard's robe when my kingdom was in need?\" \"I would have you trust me, as my friend, that all those efforts might not have been in vain, when you die on horseback before your wounds are healed.\" Arthur only sighed, allowing Merlin to gently support him back toward his bed. \"You know that I trust no one so much as you, old friend. But is there nothing you can do, that I might rejoin my Knights and lead them in this perilous mission?\" \"I have done all I can, Arthur. I am weak—it took all the strength I had, that you not lose your arm.\" So it was true. Arthur digested this silently for a moment as Merlin helped him sit once again. And then the hidden meaning behind Merlin's words struck him. \"Good Merlin—your magic...?!\" Arthur asked, and Merlin shook his head, unusual frustration showing through his typical calm poise. \"It is depleted, Sire. I have precious little left, and have been saving my strength that it might be available to us for any emergency that may arise. Helping you manage your kingdom in your illness takes what strength I have; I cannot rest and restore myself as I otherwise might.\" It was a grave sacrifice. Merlin was leaving himself incredibly vulnerable, even while taking on a position of power in Arthur's time of need—which in itself could cause the ordinary people, who mostly feared magic and magical beings, to resent him, or even take up arms against him, should too much unrest stir. He had done it without question or hesitation, to serve Arthur and protect him while he recovered. The king absorbed this reminder of his old friend's loyalty solemnly. His character recoiled against allowing such a loyal man to endanger himself in this way, but if he were to trust Merlin's judgment on his health—he dared not ask whether it was calculation or prediction, when the wizard had mentioned death on horseback—there was no way to escape the situation's necessity. \"…what shall we do?\" Arthur asked rhetorically, rubbing the bridge of his nose in frustration. Merlin answered anyway. \"Believe in your Knights, and in your people, and take the time you need to heal. Believe in us as we believe in you.\" The wizard's words, and his inclusion of himself in Arthur's people, as always, gave the king pause. . *~*~*~*~*~*MEANWHILE, IN THE FOREST*~*~*~*~*~* . Two more days had passed in a similar manner as before. They reached a river, and Garrett instructed that they were to drink all they could and refill the water-skins as fully as possible; there would be no suitable water supply for a while. Even Ayden drank some mouthfuls from water that Garrett scooped into the pot for him. Kayley worried silently about the falcon— but he is a magical creature , she tried to assure herself, and will make his needs known . Under half a day later, an acrid smell was wafting in through the thinning trees. Kayley grew curious as the trees thinned out, and began voicing her questions. Were they still in the forest? What was making that unpleasant odor? Garrett explained impatiently that they were approaching Dragon Country, or rather, the nesting grounds of the dragons that extended into the forest from their territory. While it had once been on the opposite side of humans from the forest, the dragons had encroached farther and farther across the years, so that now it would be impossible to go around it and stay deep enough in the forest to remain safe from Ruber and his metal men, if they were taking the main road. \"And what of—\" Kayley started, only to be cut off with a shushing hiss from Garrett. \"H-have you heard something?\" she asked in a frightened whisper. \"No.\" Garrett replied curtly. \"I am simply tired of your endless chattering!\" As usual, Kayley's eyes darkened and narrowed at his rude treatment. She tried to be pleasant, truly! But this boorish man simply made it too difficult! She leaned back on her now more frequent response to his rudeness and instead asked more questions, if more quietly, with the express purpose of bothering him. \"Are you sure we've found Dragon Country?\" she asked, skeptically, \"because there seems to be little evidence of dragons, here! How are the boundaries marked—a post, perhaps? The beasts could label it, 'Here Lies Dragon Country,' that all might know and respect their lands!\" She was mimicking his own sardonic mannerisms. His response, unsurprisingly, was to speed up and put a little more distance between them, hoping to drown out her murmurings in the background. Kayley could see, he knew—she would still be able to follow him with her sight, despite her abysmal tracking skills. . *~*~*~*~*~*ON THE ROADS*~*~*~*~*~* . Ruber had stolen every horse he could find in Lady Juliana's lands, and planned to buy or steal more on the way, as need arose. He was going to push them to breaking point, perhaps even to death, Juliana realized, and cut the time to Camelot drastically. The noblewoman was kept bound, and sometimes gagged, constantly watched by metal men. She had scant things to appreciate, as dirty, tired, and thirsty as she often was, lately. On the bright side, Ruber had not visited her for days. She had feared his madness, but while he had given many threats—threats Lady Juliana was afraid he would indeed carry out, eventually—it had been his madness that saved her time and time again. His fragmented mental state prevented him from keeping his train of thought, and he would ramble, sickness of the mind clear for any who could listen, before storming off in a rage, or in presumed triumph, or both. No wonder he liked his servants metal and dense. She prayed almost constantly—not for herself, but for her daughter's safety. For her safety...and for her success. She could only hope that Ruber's anger and the lack of news about her brave, young daughter meant that she had indeed escaped his chasing servants. What Lady Juliana didn't know was that Ruber had broken off from the speeding caravan, to track his servants and her daughter in the Forbidden Forest. He had eventually found his men, spewed out by the earth itself, though they could not relay what had happened clearly. When he heard about the wild man and his mighty falcon, he grinned maliciously. \"Let us celebrate, my worthy servants! For you have discovered our blessing and our victory! We will track them through the forest, and they will lead us right to our prize!\" Since that day, they had been slowly gaining on Garrett and Kayley. Now, as they passed into Dragon Country, Ruber and his metal servants in the forest were watching from cliffs high above in the shadows of the thicker forest, only half a day behind. Ruber laughed, full of mad glee. \"We have found them! They will be mine !\" . *~*~*~*~*~*IN DRAGON COUNTRY*~*~*~*~*~* . She murmured to herself anyway, perhaps for the soothing effect of pretending she was having a conversation. Between her idle chatting and trying to hurry to keep Garrett in sight, though, she stumbled and tripped into a large rock in the way. It shattered, releasing a foul-smelling slime across the already-filthy hem of her dress, and splattering across her one pair of working boots, which she had worn that fateful day to complete her chores. The sulfurous smell made it hard not to retch, but the urge was soon overcome by fear when a roar in the distance jolted her. She look up, terrified, to see the figure of a huge dragon flying her way. She screamed, looking up only to realize that she had lost sight of Garrett! She stumbled around the rock, fearfully heading the direction she last saw him going. \"Garrett—a dragon is coming! Where have you gone?! Please, someone— help me !\" she cried, heedless that it could only draw the attention of more dragons. She was running between a few more of the strange, brittle rocks, when hands grabbed her, one covering her mouth. She landed fairly hard against firm flesh and flushed scarlet, struggling only for a moment before a sharp whisper silenced her. \"For once, hush , before you get us all killed!\" Garrett hissed, and Kayley stilled, only to be released. He at least had the sense of decency to try to leave a slight space between their bodies, despite the cramped surfaces. Kayley worried about Ayden, but knew the brave falcon would be safest not stuck on land, with them. He had probably already found a safe perch to hide and watch, once he'd heard the roar. Heart pounding slightly less rapidly, Kayley at least looked around. They were inside one of the brittle rocks, which was broken open on one side. The inner surface, covered in shadows, was almost ivory in color, and thin, membranous peelings clung to one corner, almost like— An egg! These rocks—they're eggs ! ...perhaps the dragon coming this way was guarding a brood. By the smell of those contents, though, the egg was infertile, and rancid ! But perhaps the beasts cannot tell...? She didn't dare voice her thoughts out loud. She hardly dared move to breathe! The dragon roared overhead, and she jumped slightly, only to have Garrett's hand grab her upper arm firmly, though not painfully—a silent reminder to remain silent ! She pulled her arm free, though not roughly. It was only part contrariness; the other parts were equal acknowledgement of the message and discomfort with the unsolicited touch. She understood the necessity of many of the uncomfortable contacts between them—examining her injuries, guiding her over unfamiliar territories of the forest laden with traps and other dangers, taking food she brought back from forages near their camps. It did nothing to change the fact that she was raised a noble lady; the only man who had touched her without express permission in many years was a senile old man from the village. In his old age, he recognized her and thought her still a child, patting her on the head and offering her sweets when she visited the village square. His daughter-in-law, scandalized, had begged her forgiveness—but Kayley had always been fond of the old man, and accepted the sweets, offering a granddaughter-like kiss and thanks in exchange. That had been four years earlier. Her eyes refocused, and she scolded herself for her wandering thoughts. Kayley held her breath as a huge shadow passed over and she let it out with relief as it passed. She watched it circle far away, pass behind them, circle back again...and then the beast unleashed another terrible ROAR before its shadow circled a final time and headed back in the direction from which it had come. Angry-but-fading roars periodically rang out, echoing in the nesting grounds. Several minutes passed before Garrett stirred, and Kayley took the hint and sat up, herself. \"Hold on—I'll peek out, first.\" she whispered. Garrett scowled, but nodded. Kayley meant nothing by it, of course...but in this case, they both knew that sight would be an asset. There was nothing to be done about it. Garrett tensed, waiting for harsh words...but despite her inflammatory behavior in recent days, Kayley would never mock him for his blindness. She pretended not to notice his discomfort, focusing pointedly on stealthily glancing about. A shadow up against the rocky shelf of a higher ledge startled her to a gasp, and she stepped back, stumbling into Garrett as he emerged from the egg. There was a hiss and a figure darted away before Kayley could get a clear view. It had been so fast ! But the form of the head in the shadow, looming so large against the rough rock, was clear. \"Dragon!\" she half-hissed, half-cried, pulling Garrett to run. Before they could get far, though, there was a hiss and a loud cry as sharp as, but quite different from, Ayden's. Simultaneously, Garret lifted a hand to his head with a pained grunt...and Kayley screamed aloud in agony as a silent voice inside her head shrieked in terrible rage! Her head exploded with the pain of it, and the young woman crumpled to the ground, nearing unconsciousness.[Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: I'm back again, so soon?! ...why, yes! ;P I had a certain idea that took me quite some time to puzzle out, and that was what I had determined to write during my \"study break\" (which has lasted far too long!) But because I was having trouble deciding how to get to it, and then how to break it into chapters...the parts I wanted to write became two chapters, instead of one. . . . Chapter 11: The Twins . A smith's hammer had been taken to the top of her head, on both sides at once! Her skull was shattering from the inside outward, into a million pieces! Some kind of burning, icy fire was searing her brain, even creeping up behind her eyes! She screamed and thrashed, completely unaware of her surroundings. Suddenly, something managed to break through to her conscious—it was the shriek of a raptor. Ayden! But the pain was too fresh—though the shattering feeling, the burning, the screaming , had faded and disappeared. She breathed deeply, shakily, trembling and not yet able or ready to open her eyes. Fools! A soft voice crept into her mind, like the scream, but much gentler, Do you not know never to break the barriers of an untouched mind?! How elssse should we sssspeak? A cold voice hissed back, making her shudder and groan. It was the same coldness as the scream, and she clenched her eyes shut tighter. A gentle, callused hand touched her forehead and turned her, another reaching to feel her forehead, which was damp and clammy. She weakly reached up to push the strange hand's away. \"Are you awake?\" It was Garrett's voice. Her mouth was dry and had a terrible, metallic taste. Kayley opened her eyes slowly, with pain throbbing in her head. The conversation in the background was distracting. There are ways to do this properly! The first voice sounded enraged now. With time, and patience! You almost broke that fledgling's mind—humans are not strong enough to withstand contact so suddenly! If I hadn't started the process already, she would have died ! There was a raptor's screech out loud again, and a sharp hiss and squeal, and then a falcon landed by Garrett's hand, quickly walking up and nudging her face with the top of his feathered head. \"...Ayden...\" Kayley identified the bird, and he nuzzled her again, seeming pleased. Kayley sat up, slowly, with pain and a groan. Her tongue was swollen. She determined she must have bitten it. \"Noblewoman, you should have mentioned if you were one of those prone to these...these fits !\" Garrett accused, somehow seeming offended even while seeming concerned. Kayley felt frustration flare through her groggy disorientation, but she coughed as she took a breath to argue, and had to spit a lightly-colored mix of saliva and blood onto the ground. It wasn't a lot...but she had definitely bitten her tongue. She had the odd thought that she was glad her mother wasn't there to see such an unladylike display as spitting like that! Then her heart throbbed at the thought of her poor, captive mother. It is not human fits that caused this, Garrett. That voice! The one that had been arguing about...about something, when she was waking up! She blinked and looked around, but then saw Garrett's stony posture and fixed, if empty, gaze...toward Ayden. \"Ayden. You speak so clearly, now.\" he noted stiffly. Kayley was curious at the surprise this betrayed. The falcon let out another cry, and Kayley got the perception that he was huffing indignantly as he ruffled his feathers. Blame them —the foolish hatchlings who can't properly touch minds! Kayley's eyes jumped up to follow his gaze, even as a hiss emanated from another nearby egg. Do not reveal usss, Falcon! Be quiet ! They hadn't noticcced usss yet, you brainlesss buffoon! Something very strange was going on, here. Garrett rose silently, and Kayley followed him as he crept toward the source of faint, muffled hissing. When they were only feet away, he reached out with his staff and poked in the direction of the noises. It elicited immediate results, with hissing and shrieking. Ssstop! Ccceassse! Do not hurt usss! The egg crumbled with the flailing of its inhabitant...and out rolled a very elongated, wriggling snake—bigger than any she'd ever seen—but with legs! \"A snake...with legs?!\" Kayley couldn't help but be startled. The creature flipped upright again, and two heads hissed in her direction, one neck jutting off unevenly from the other. She paled and took a step back. \"Two heads?!\" Yesss, human! We are dragonsss! Fear usss! Ssscary! We will eat you! Garrett snorted again and prodded toward the strange beast with his walking staff. It squealed and hissed, rolling backward and flailing pathetically. \"If you are such a terrifying dragon, why were you hiding in that egg?\" He questioned, unimpressed. There was a silence, and Kayley had the odd feeling of sensing Ayden's amusement in the silent portion of the conversation. They're not convinccced! That one sounded fearful. It seemed to have momentarily forgotten that they could be heard. Sssilenccce! We need not anssswer your mortal quessstionsss! Clever, for onccce! You finally make yourssself usseful! \"Well? Let us have our answer then, so-called dragon!\" We are a dragon! Do you defy usss, human?! We sssimply have not finished the growth cccycle! We cannot faccce the othersss until we have made the change! \"What change? And why not?\" Kayley's curiosity was getting the best of her, now. It seemed to be just the provocation the long, fat, wriggling snake-dragon-thing needed. Becaussse, human, dragonsss are supposed to molt into our next formsss after two cccenturiesss! But we are the only one left of our brood, and the eldersss wish to reussse this place. They want usss to leave...but we cannot go. They ssscratch usss and burn usss... Hissing and arguing too quick for Kayley to follow began, only to end abruptly with a sudden stop and almost whimpering squeak. In a way, Kayley found the disgusting creature somewhat comical. Its fear drew Garrett's alarm, however, and Ayden saw the danger before the rest of them and screeched a cry. Dragons! Run! The falcon urged, taking off. Kayley grabbed Garrett's hand and dragged him after Ayden, running as fast as she could. She was not the best at guiding, and he almost stumbled several times over the uneven ground, scattered with gravel, small bones, and loose stones. Frantic squealing and running followed behind, catching up, and Kayley heard squealing screams as if from a distance in her mind and shuddered. She could feel the heat even from so far behind. The tiny dragons had not been lying about being burned often, it was clear. She felt helpless sympathy for them, to the point that she was grateful when they scampered ahead of the two humans, reaching a frightening, acrid-scented moat-like body of hissing liquid. Follow usss, if you want to live, humansss! One of their voices hissed. Kayley wasn't sure that she could trust them. Hurry—it'sss perfectly sssafe! Stress and possible annoyance was coming through in the tone. Kayley was still slightly dizzy from the new sensation. Garrett poked the moat tentatively, only to stumble back in alarm when he heard the fizzing sound, and found that his staff had been destroyed by the hissing liquid. \"Lies!\" he hissed. It isss perfectly sssafe, if you ussse the path to crosss, you fool! There isss no time! We will not wait! The other one added, as the long snake-like creature somehow jumped from rock to rock, bobbing precariously, to Kayley's eyes. Kayley let go of Garrett's hand. \"Can you—\" Before she could finish the question, Ayden screeched and dove across the path. Words weren't needed, though sensation still flowed across the quiet conversation. It was clear that he was marking the path for Garrett. Knowing he was in safe hands—so to speak—Kayley jumped across, glad now for all her furtive physical conditioning over the years, and the past week trekking through the forest. When she was across, she looked back, distressed to see how far Garrett had yet to cross. \"Garrett, hurry!\" she urged, pleading. He almost growled, barking back a response. \"Do you think I am purposefully slowing down? This is rather difficult, Noblewoman! \" Nobody had ever so completely, so frequently, made that title an insult, to her. She knew it was difficult, of course! She was simply trying to urge him onward—their lives were at risk! There was no time for pettiness. The dragon reached the far edge of the moat and dove in, seemingly immune to its horrors. Garrett was thrown forward, and bits of the scathing liquid sizzled through one edge of his boot, tiny droplets burning his arms—and Kayley's, as she dashed forward to drag him onward and away from the lapping waves. Garrett only flinched and gritted his teeth, but Kayley couldn't help a pained hiss being sucked through her teeth. But she pulled him onward nonetheless, and they hurried forward, feeling their flesh burning with the heat of flames approaching even as they dove over a rock edge after the infantine dragons. They scrambled up all the faster when another hiss echoed. Was the beast turning on them? Their words quickly revealed the truth. Another dragon! How did we not sssee it?! We are doomed! They will ssscorch usss to the death! \"That's not a dragon...it's...a gryphon! And—Ruber! Run! \" She was talking to Garrett and Ayden, who screeched and took off at the approaching group from a side path, but the serpentine dragon bolted without warning. Kayley dared to follow...chased now by both dragon and metal men, who were about to converge at the end of the fork—she could only hope the distraction would be enough...! Kayley had no time to spare a look to see if that were true, because just as she suspected they would have converged, they came to a widening of the path...which ended in a dead end. She groaned. \"It's a dead end! We are trapped!\" she moaned, anguish setting in quickly. They would be dead, or they would be captured. Her people were doomed. Her king was doomed! The realm would fall...! Quickly, follow usss! The long, scaled creature slipped into what looked like a geyser chute. It was so narrow! And yet...it could be their only hope. Kayley pulled Garrett's hand. \"Hurry...!\" she whispered urgently, pulling him up to the edge and then throwing herself headfirst, crawling through the tunnel. Partway down, she slipped as the tunnel became angled, and smooth...and she slid. . *~*~*~*~*~*BACK ON THE SURFACE*~*~*~*~*~* . Ruber gritted his teeth at the monster that was snarling at him. He would be king! He demanded its obedience! It roared threateningly, and Ruber felt a chill as if a threat had been issued. It angered him. A quiet part of his mind, long repressed, wondered if it wasn't simply the madness, thinking he was hearing threats and antagonism even from this beast. For once, it really wasn't...but Ruber would never know. The gryphon was there as well, ready to assist them. Even though another dragon approached and joined the first, it was too late. Ruber grinned, madness evident, now, in his face. He ordered his metal men forward, and struck the first blow, causing the dragon to roar with outrage. Ruber only cackled with glee. They would feast, tonight![Chapter 12] Disclaimer: I own neither the movie Quest for Camelot nor the books on which they are loosely based! . A/N: I owe you all an apology, in a sense. Usually, I would warn people if there was going to be this long of a delay...unfortunately, I had a snowballing of unfortunate events. During the short time off I had, the internet went out and only sporadically came back. And then, just as I was catching up enough back at school to work on this...I became seriously ill and was in the hospital for a time. Then I had all kinds of things to make up for my own school, not to mention the exhaustion and pain of being in recovery myself! I have been diagnosed with a chronic condition; there is no cure. It can, however, be treated and hopefully kept at bay, and while I am not back to good health, I am feeling much better than before! I decided not to post anything until this chapter was done, so as not to give false hope. I apologize for the long silence it has caused, though. My deepest thanks to all of you who are so patient with me! I know it can be taxing to wait for updates...I am a reader as well as a writer, and I constantly fight that battle with my patience! Still, I hope you won't give up on me. I am so appreciative to all of you who favorited this story, added alerts, and most especially those who wrote reviews or even sent personal PMs to encourage me! This particular fandom has been so kind and friendly...I am so touched and inspired by all of the support! Thank you all, from the bottom of my heart. As usual, I renew my promise that, unless I post saying the story is continued, it will be updated eventually! I hope it won't be this long again, but I of course can't make promises like this when it's so abundantly clear that I never know what the future brings! I hope you enjoy this new chapter...as well as the corrections I've now made to previous chapters, done at the same time as posting this one! It was honestly driving me so crazy, that I did it in a furious overnight binge one night when the internet was out. It was an ordeal, and I'm still not 100% certain I've caught everything (even betas need betas!), but for now it will have to do. The new-and-improved early chapters will be like a mini-gift, and this new one like a better gift! How is that? I hope you all like it, and that it will hold you over if you have to wait a while again for the next chapter while I deal with recovery, make-up work, and studying for my boards! . . . Chapter 12: In the Cave . Thankfully, the landing wasn't a dangerous one. Uncomfortable, yes, and rough—Kayley could only imagine the bruises she would have later. If her dress had any more fraying or tears, she hadn't noticed it. She was getting accustomed to the filthy state she could not escape on these travels, despite her disgust. This was far from her mind, though, as she scrambled to get out of the way, hearing Garrett's approaching grunts of discomfort as he was thrown about. Unable to move quickly enough, the man glanced her as he fell, unable to see his way to aim. The momentum was enough that he continued, trying to roll to lessen the damage. Kayley scrambled up, deciding it would be less uncomfortable simply not to mention the incident. She knew it was unintentional, and she still was not accustomed to the physical proximity that long travel in a small party seemed to unintentionally entail. Beyond this, there were more pressing concerns on her mind. \"Are you sure it is safe for us, here?\" she asked the dragons desperately. There was a hiss, and those uncanny words whispered directly into her mind, making her shudder. 'Tisss sssafer than up there, would you not agree? Asked the voice. Kayley couldn't quite identify the tone, if that was the correct word in voiceless speech. We have learned through the cccenturiesss how to avoid thossse cruel beassstsss. They sounded identical, in her mind—yet the two were distinct in a way she could not explain. This was the other dragon, though which head spoke with which phrase, she had not yet determined. She tried to watch as the same voice began again. She thought one of the heads was looking more intently at her as the words formed. They ssstarted to attack usss when we were but two cccenturies in age...it isss hard to believe we were onccce ssso young... This, of course, did not seem young at all, to Kayley. She had been too afraid to truly consider their words, before, but in the comparative safety, her head reeled with the shock of such a revelation, and only her good breeding prevented her from any unladylike reactions of surprise and disbelief. Of courssse we were, you fool! Spat the other voice angrily. The head Kayley had been watching turned more quickly than she had thought possible. She realized with a start that she had lowered her guard. The hissing sounded ominous and serpentine, and it was all she could do not to stumble back, despite her distance. I am no fool! I only remimisssce upon the yearsss—dessspite the misssfortune of ssspending them with you! Now both heads were hissing and sputtering, wavering like snakes about to strike. Garrett cut in, having stumbled to his feet and feeling his way toward the hissing and Kayley's voice. \"If you always bicker this way, it is a miracle you survived a single year, let alone the hundreds you mention.\" he noted bitterly, still sore and grouchy. Kayley turned, wide-eyed in surprise that he would put himself between their fighting. \"I would expect one or both of you to expire in a fit of the other's fire, by now.\" Thisss ussselesss fool cannot breathe fire, human. This unexpected revelation reassured Kayley somewhat. At least they would not die a fiery death down in these caves, with nowhere to run. Her body was starting to throb with the pain of bruises and scrapes from her hard landing, now that she had a moment to stop running. And thisss buffoon deccceivesss himssself, not mentioning that he, too, lacksss flame and flight! Neither of usss hasss progresssed through the growth cccycle! Slowly, understanding was coming to Kayley. Unfortunately, each new revelation brought up as many or more new questions as it answered! If I were not ssstuck to you, I would have progresssed cccenturies ago! With this a storm of hissing, and occasional snapping broke out, and Kayley gripped her head as pain split it again, less intense but similar in quality to the original icy burning she had felt when the dragons had broken the barrier to her mind. The fight was intense and progressing at the speed of thought—far too quickly for Kayley to understand more than snippets of the swirling, angry discourse being forcibly shoved into her perception. Fool— If not for being stuck to you— — far better— Talentlesss— — flight and fire— Kayley couldn't help the soft cry of pain that escaped her as the fight escalated—along with the pain in her head. She was barely aware of herself sinking to the ground, curling up and clutching her temples with both hands. It felt like her head would explode! She faintly heard chattering, and felt Ayden lean against her, supporting her, but refraining from adding his own words to the maelstrom. \"ENOUGH!\" Yelled Garrett, his staff swinging sideways in an emphatic swipe quick enough to whistle through the air. The dragons stopped, heads swiveling forward sharply. They were still uttering soft, persistent hisses, but the mental ambush had ended abruptly. Kayley breathed a few moments and stood back up, shaky on her legs. Her neck and forehead has broken out in a fine layer of cold sweat. \"Th-thank you.\" Kayley mumbled softly. Garrett ignored her entirely, but she was too busy steadying herself to let it sting too much. Ayden flew up to her shoulder and nuzzled her cheek. The careful sharpness of his talons were a welcome distraction from her head, which was still throbbing. \"Now—these tunnels. Is there a way out?\" There isss...but we have never made it through. We sssimply wait for the grown dragonsss to leave, and return to our hatching groundsss. At this, Garrett groaned and rubbed his forehead, but Kayley spotted a glimmer of hope. \"Wait—you have tried to leave, before? Do you know if the tunnels open, beyond where you can travel?\" she pressed, trying not to seem desperate. We do not. But food hasss come to usss from there, at timesss. Rodentsss and sssmall animalsss that get lossst in the tunnelsss...we wished to seek more of them. We could not travel ssso far. The other head added. Kayley looked up at Garrett, who had looked up, staring blankly ahead as he focused intently on the words in his mind. \"We can help you!\" Kayley blurted out suddenly, and Garrett turned to her with a scowl. Clearly, he had not been planning on issuing an invitation to them. \"We have food and supplies. Guide us through to where the rodents started, and you will have your new refuge. And we will be back to the forests or fields, nearer to where we must go. There is benefit for all.\" The hissing that ensued sounded less dangerous and more considering. There were tendrils that were not quite words almost tickling in her mind as the dragons considered it. Finally, they coalesced into the not-voice she was accustomed to hearing. Very well, human. We shall be your guidesss. \"Thank you...\" she paused, uncertain, \"What may I call you?\" she asked. They couldn't very well travel together with no way to address one another! What would you call usss? The same one asked, with an odd tone Kayley could only liken to amusement. \"B-by your names, I should think!\" she answered, confused. The other dragon jumped We have no namesss. We would have reccceived them after completing the growth cccycle. Ssso many die firssst that naming before then would be pointlesss. Kayley was surprised at this. True, many human infants died, as well. But two centuries without a name?! And how much longer had these dragons been nameless? \"...Devon!\" Kayley blurted out to the one who had asked the question. It was the first thing to come to mind, as the region through which they had been traveling, on the way to Camelot. It seemed suitable to give them a name somewhat related to the place they were born. Not that Kayley knew where they were, anymore. The dragon hissed in pleasure, third eyelid closing as he swayed contentedly. The other head swiveled, swaying much more alertly in anticipation. It make Kayley slightly uncomfortable, due to the similarity in attention and pose to a serpent about to strike. She swallowed. They couldn't both be called Devon! What other name could she use...?! \"Cornwall.\" she breathed in relief, as the answer came to her. It was the neighboring region, much as the heads were side-by-side. It was also the place of the king's birth. They were good names—noble names. Even dragons could surely be proud of such names! The second one joined in the contented swaying, and there was a tickling in Kayley's mind again, as they only half-verbally considered their new names. \"That's all well and good.\" grumbled a far less contented voice. Garrett was growing impatient of the delays. \"Now which one of you was Devon?\" Kayley realized guiltily that he could not see where she pointed. The head on the right—Kayley's left—answered in a smoother voice, giving Kayley the odd sense it was purring. I am, human. \"My name is Garrett. The lady is Kayley. You volunteered yourselves as our guide—so let's get going. Lead the way.\" Kayley glared daggers at Garrett, not that he could see them. Cornwall hissed unhappily, but Devon snapped lightly at him to quiet his complaints. They had indeed volunteered to be the guides. No need for unpleasssantnesss. This way, human. They started off, movements surprisingly smooth and gliding for such an awkward-looking beast. Once again, Kayley was glad that they had an agreement with the dragons. She set off after the dragons, and Garrett followed. Ayden lifted off from her shoulder and fluttered back to him, chirping lightly. Kayley could almost feel his voice touching her mind, but it seemed somehow distant. As a tactful noblewoman, Kayley continued ahead, letting the distance grow somewhat between herself and Garrett to give them privacy for what seemed to be a private conversation. How much had changed since she had fled from her home! Giving names to dwarfed dragons and lending privacy to fey falcons! Remembering her flight from Ruber that night caused the familiar ache in her heart for having left her poor mother behind. She pressed forward more eagerly; the more ground they could cover tonight, the better. Perhaps if they were diligent, they would not lose any time for this unfortunate detour...[Chapter 13] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot or the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: As promised, the story continues! Just much more slowly than I ever would have wished. Repeat infections, near-returns to the hospital, and board examination craziness have been plaguing me. Then I started clinical rotations. It's been an adventure! I have had to work and stay at the hospital for over 30 hours to stay on-call once or twice, and I've had regular shifts that were as long as 14 hours (though usually 12 is more common). I've been spattered in blood and had my hands (inside of double-gloves, of course) covered in it. I've been very busy and stressed and working terribly hard. Still, I'm sorry you've had to wait so long. And I am truly, incredibly grateful for all the encouragement! As I promised before, unless I post saying it's canceled, this story will continue! ...I'm just sorry it may be so much more slowly than any of us may want. Thank you all for following, favoriting, and especially commenting and even messaging! Every single time I got a notification, it inspired me to keep working on this. As a matter of fact, several notifications like that had me come back and write a little bit more! Unlike many previous chapters, which I tended to write in full-chapter binges, I have been forced to write this one very slowly over the course of the last few months, whenever I could grab a free moment! You are all the best, and I hope this chapter helps keep you interested in seeing this finish, too! . . . Chapter 13: Through the Tunnels . Kayley was beginning to be exhausted. The dragons, if she could think of them as that, seemed tired as well. Thankfully, Garrett soon stopped for the night at a widening in the tunnels. Kayley looked longingly at the pack he pulled off his back. She was quite hungry, after the day's excitement and walking. \"Shall we eat?\" she asked hopefully. Garrett scowled, reaching into the pack and handing her a fistful of jerky. Now she joined him in scowling. \"Given the day's journey and the things we gathered on the way into Dragon Country, I had hoped we might make some sort of soup?\" she suggested, unable to fully hold back her annoyance. Honestly, did he want the fresh food to go to waste?! \"That sounds like a fine idea, Noblewoman! And how do you propose we breathe through the smoke in the tunnels, once the fire is burning?\" Her disappointment with the new understanding of the problem—combined with the frustration that he had, once again, thought ahead of her and been given the chance to mock her because of it—was too much to bear. She snapped at him, as she had been trying so hard not to do. \"Well, Goodman , my apologies for not knowing something that I clearly could never have experienced before!\" she spat bitterly, the injustice of the situation stinging more than usual with her hunger, being stuck underground in the stuffy tunnels, and the constant mistreatment she felt she received from the hermit. \"I don't take every opportunity I have to mock you for your humble beginnings, but you seem never to tire of blaming me for my parentage!\" \"If my father, Sir Lionel, were still alive, not only would somebody have been able to teach me theses nuances of travel that you so kindly bring to light for me—always in the most insulting way possible, of course—but you wouldn't dare mock me for the accident of my high birth at every available opportunity !\" She stormed off past the others to go collect herself, her pride wounded enough already from having yet another outburst without bursting into tears in front of them. Until the words passed her lips, she hadn't consciously realized that part of her frustration with her poor skills for travel were due to the old bitterness that Sir Lionel had never returned, as promised, to take her to Camelot and teach her all she needed to join the Knights of the Round Table. Even if she realized now, as a grown woman, that her childish ideas of what her role would be as a Knight of the Round Table may not have been quite a reality, she still knew that things would have been different. The pain of losing her father and her ideal future had never faded, as evidenced by her argument with her mother, only days before, though it seemed like years—like another lifetime. Her poor, captive mother! How Kayley wished she had never been so cross with her! Several minutes later, when Kayley had collected herself, she turned back, only to find Garrett approaching, still wearing his pack. She refused to apologize for the outburst. Even if it was completely unworthy of her, even if she would never have spoken as she had so many times, no matter how rude he had been, if they had met in her previous life, back in her lands, before Ruber had invaded...she would not take back those words, that were so true. She was still in the right, and her hurt and pride would not allow it. She would not mention it again, though. To his credit, Garrett seemed to have concluded the same. Or at least she would let herself assume so. He silently set up his own space to sleep and left the skins she usually used off to the side. She set hers up silently, crawling into it. She didn't take any notice of how long after the dragons finally approached, almost as if in slow motion. She was lying silently, hoping Garrett would assume she had gone to sleep, when a sudden keening broke through the silence, stabbing into her mind in a way more startling and annoying than painful. We shall die! the voice lamented. Kayley was sure it was Cornwall, somehow. We will live through this night easily. Ccceassse your incesssant whining! Devon argued back. If not tonight, then the next! We never should have sssaid we would come! Cornwall asserted. Devon's frustration was palpable in the silence. Would you have usss remain in the hatching groundsss until the other dragonsss hunt usss down like prey? You know we cannot avoid their clawsss forever... Apparently, Devon's ominous words rang true with Cornwall as well as himself, because at this point, the both of them began that soundless keening that grated on Kayley's silent \"ears\", causing her to press her hands to her temples with a pained groan. \"Would you two be quiet?! Unless there is some unspoken danger here that you have thus far failed to mention, there is no reason for this ridiculous carrying-on!\" Garrett growled, clearly annoyed with the interruption to his attempts to sleep. It isss no danger for you , human! Cornwall spat, a soft hissing coming from his physical direction. The keening ended, though, and Kayley sighed with relief, leaning her head back. Yes, you do not need fire in your bellow to ssstay alive in the cavesss! Devon accused, and Kayley sat up with a start. \"You will die of exposure? In these temperatures?!\" Kayley asked, genuinely surprised. It was uncomfortably cool, perhaps, but between her clothing and the skins she used to make a place to sleep, she had been quite warm and comfortable. \"Would some sort of blanket or covering help?\" It was the wrong thing to ask—the keening began again, though lighter. Do not mock usss! Cornwall hissed. Your human ssscrapsss will not help us! Humansss are born with fire inssside, but dragonsss must grow to gain their flamesss...! Our bodiesss are as cold as the air around usss. We can already barely move. We will live through this night, but not through the next. We have never made it more than four daysss into the tunnelsss...and only ssso far in the heat of sssummer... \"So what you are saying is that your bodies are too cold to survive in these caves?\" Kayley asked, trying to understand. Yesss... came the lamenting reply. \"But you could survive if you had a sort of heat?\" she pushed on, and received hissing in response. Do not mock usss! We have tried many times to force the change—it cannot be done! \"I understand your concern, and I mean no disrespect. Still, if all you need is something warm near you...why have you not simply asked to share these skins with me, for instance? If we humans are as warm as you say, wouldn't the warmth under our blankets be enough?\" The long silence made Kayley wonder if they had actually not thought of the possibility. Their answers, though, made a thrill of fear creep down the back of her neck. That will sssufficcce. Devon affirmed. We will join you. Cornwall agreed greedily. \"Very well.\" Kayley affirmed, trying to keep her voice from shaking. She hadn't really meant it as an invitation, but the weight of saying no hit her before she could refuse to share. Would she really convict their guides to death because she was afraid of the serpents? For the first time, she actually noticed the almost comical slowness of their movements. The amusement faded, replaced with guilt, almost instantaneously. Had she been so selfishly concerned with her own pride that she had not noticed this other being with them slowly beginning to freeze to death? She lifted the edge of the skins for them, quickly rolling so that they were in contact with her back instead of her front. She couldn't help but clench up with fear as they slid in, smooth, cold scales touching her back and neck and feeling almost like ice water splashing against her skin. She was lucky that she was clenched, or she would have shivered, at best—maybe even shuddered. It was already disconcerting enough with their tail around her neck. Her heart started to pound at the thought. Could she trust these dragonlings? Would they not crush her throat in her sleep? She couldn't help but swallow and shift slightly. It was more frightening than endearing when they shifted also, meshing up against the curve of her back and shoulders and curling their tail slightly more around her neck. Even their mental \"voice\" seemed closer, somehow, with them physically close. She \"heard\" a contented sigh of relief. She could practically feel the comfort and pleasure rolling into her in waves for several moments as they settled. It was unusual to feel it in her mind, when she could feel their cold scales against her back and neck. She lay there, stiff and uncomfortable, for several long minutes, in the near-silence. The dragons' breathing was not noticeable. She could only faintly hear the whispering echoes of Garrett's in the dark. If Ayden's were audible, they were indistinguishable. Eventually, she fell asleep, her steady breaths fading into the whisper of the background noise. Unfortunately, one of the party was not as serenely slumbering as he might have seemed, and still lay awake, thoughts far away in the distant past.[Chapter 14] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot or the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: Happy New Year, everybody...very belatedly! I hope everybody passed it safely and happily, as well as any other holidays or joyous occasions that may have happened since the last update, shamefully nearing 6 months ago (but not quite!) I am sorry it is going so slowly...as usual, I can make no promises, but I will try to make the next one sooner. Thank you all so much for your continued support, hits, follows, favorites, and especially comments/PMs! I have been so grateful and so touched! It really does inspire me. Bit by bit, during these tough times, I am making progress! I also can't believe how much better I have gotten, health-wise, since almost a year ago. I just passed the one year mark from when I finally got to leave the hospital after getting sick last year! I am so grateful for everything. I hope you all enjoy this chapter, and this year- may it always find you happy, healthy, wealthy, and wise! ;P . . . Chapter 14: Into Open Air . The next morning, Kayley awoke to a strange, tickling sensation in her mind. The dragons, it seemed, were awake, and quietly bickering between themselves. It was like whispers, from too nearby, and she clenched reflexively, flinching from the cool slip of tail scales around her neck. Quickly, she remembered what was happening, and relaxed. The dragons uncurled and slipped out from the bedroll and warmth of their human companion. Thank you, came the cool, smooth words, like water, like a whisper, as they slinked a few paces away. She felt almost badly, hoping her sudden resistance hadn't offended them. \"You are most welcome. I am only sorry I did not understand the price we asked you to pay, by coming with us.\" It isss not to be. Noted Devon, sounding almost curious. Why wassste one'sss time on what might have been, rather than what isss? There was logic, of course, to this statement. And, in many ways, Kayley agreed with the practicality of it. Still...she couldn't imagine a life without these hypotheticals. How often had she wondered, when faced with a hard decision, how her father might have chosen, or counseled her? How often had she dreamed—longingly, even—of the life she might have had, if he had not died? But it was, as Devon had said so casually of his own death, not to be. She knew quite well that no amount of tears, nor dreams, nor even prayers, would change that. \"True. We can always be grateful for those good fortunes we do have. Still, I must learn from this oversight, that I might be more cautious in the future. It would not do to allow our guides to die.\" We are quality companionsss. Cornwall noted, agreeing hurriedly. Devon's displeasure was somehow palpable, through the mental link, the silent equivalent of a snort or growl, though no none issued from the dragon's mouth. \"If we are all awake, then—which way?\" Garret asked curtly. He had risen, it seemed, and had begun rolling up his things and putting his pack back together, while she had spoken with the dragons. Not particularly wanting to make small talk, she quietly did the same. She drank a small sip from the skin, just to wet her mouth, not wanting to waste. Then she was ready to go. Cornwall had been watching her. Thisss way... Cornwall's voice tailed off, as the brothers hurried down a corridor, tasting the air to be secure in their directions. Kayley couldn't help the prickles that rose on the back of her neck, seeing it. They had not strangled her in her sleep, no—still, their similarities to serpents awakened a primal sense of revulsion in her, at times. One that she couldn't control. Of course, she did feel she could trust them. Surely Ayden would have intervened, if it had been a foolhardy course of action, to allow them to share her warmth? The day proceeded mostly in silence. They stopped at what might have been mid-morning, though the dim light in the tunnels didn't brighten as the day drew onward, and after a while, Kayley's stomach was knotting itself with hunger. She refused to break the silence, stubbornly, and walked onward. Eventually, Garrett rummaged through his pack while walking and wordlessly held out some more jerky. Kayley took them with a simple statement of thanks that was polite but short. She offered Ayden some, quietly, but he keened lightly. I cannot. Kayley understood, and she turned to the fey falcon, confused and concerned. He ruffled his feathers, and Kayley got the distinct impression that he did not want to discuss it. Garrett seemed not to notice. That evening, though, after the dragons had begun to slow once again as the tunnels cooled with the setting sun above ground, Garrett took several swigs of his scant water...and poured some of the little remaining into a pot, shredding a piece of jerky into smaller and smaller pieces, and rubbing it around in the water. Ayden watched, but finally gave a cry as he watched Garrett dump out the precious mouthfuls of water and start rinsing and rubbing the small pieces again. Foolishness! Waste! Waste no more precious water. Ayden instructed, seemingly sullenly. \"It was the salt.\" Garrett answered calmly. \"You cannot eat the jerky. It is dry, and it is full of salt.\" he said, determined that he had found the correct answer to the dilemma. I am no new-hatched chick. I will live without, for now. \"The serpents—\" he was cut off by an indignant hiss from both, \"fine, dragons —\" he snarled the correction testily, and the dragons made a silent sort of hum of contentment over the mental connection \"said four days. How long were you planning to starve?\" Actually, with a sssourccce of warmth, rejuvenating usss, Devon chimed into the conversation suddenly. The journey isss going much fassster... finished Cornwall, earning a hiss an annoyed snap from his brother, who was unhappy to be interrupted. I sssussspect we may find tomorrow the lassst full day of walking in the tunnelsss... Devon said evenly. Kayley almost picked up something vaguely optimistic, though the dragons' mental voices and the perceptions she glinted from them through the soundless communication tended to come across as cool and detached, to her. When they weren't full of fiery anger and aggression, that was. \"That is good news!\" Kayley said, her own hopes rising, fret for her mother, still captive to Ruber, panging through her chest. \"Yes, it is, at that,\" Garrett agreed, though he sounded as gruff and grouchy as ever, \"So, Ayden—please, eat, if you can.\" he finished, insistently, but with less bite than before. Eventually, the matter was settled despite some angry, piercing shrieks of a raptor and some surly grunting from the hermit. Their mutual stubbornness annoyed and amused Kayley at once, as she readied herself for the night. She realized, though, as she set up her roll to sleep and the dragons slowly crept over to slip in with her, that, in his own way, Garrett was being tender to the fey falcon. He had been concerned, for his longtime companion. She mused on this as she focused on breathing evenly to calm her nerves and fight the prickles of goose-pimples threatening to rise against the cool scales slipping around her neck and shoulders. If the rough man weren't so obstinate and dislikeable, it would almost be endearing. . *~*~*~*~*~*THE NEXT MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . The day was slow and trudging. Kayley was thirsty and trying to keep from complaining. Her lips were stiff, and had cracked and bled in the morning, when she had awoken. She had thought herself at least fairly adjusted to life on the road, over a week into her frantic flight. Once again, she found herself humiliated at her own naïveté. At least this time, it was in the privacy of her own mind. Every day, she regretted more and more her flippant arguments with her mother, her romanticized notions of being out on the trail with the knights...how foolish she felt, now, understanding why her mother had been reluctant to send her off to brave long journeys on the roads. She felt like that petty argument over going to help serve the king with Excalibur missing had been months ago at least, not the mere days it had been. How much more ignorant was she than she realized, even now? Every step of the way, it seemed, there was something new she had overlooked, before. Her poor mother! How strong she was! Kayley only hoped she was being treated well...hoped she was still even ali— no . She couldn't think like that. Her mother was noble, and valiant, and strong. She had been the wife of Sir Lionel, and had managed the lands as his widow after his passing. Kayley would not offer her the disrespect of doubting she was alive and well, doing all she could to help slow down the evil Ruber and his metal men. She didn't complain, when Garrett set the pace faster than the day before. If anything, it better matched the rush she felt inside, urging her ever forward, for the sake of her mother...and the sake of her people. When night finally fell, the only words uttered having been the almost annoying buzzing of quiet arguing from the dragons, as if \"whispered\" behind her, just out of range of her silent \"ears\" to hear. The two were annoyed, huffing grumpily as they slithered in against her neck. The sharper, more jerking movements of the angry brothers, and the nearness of their fretting, caused her to flinch. Did our ssscalesss nick you, Lady Kayley? She almost jumped again at the voice, having been so deeply involved in her own thoughts all day that others' words were unexpected, now. Not to mention ones that showed some care, from the detached dragons. \"No, nothing like that. Though I thank you for your concern.\" she added, not caring to elaborate. We would sssmell the blood, if they had... Cornwall pointed out, and Kayley barely managed not to shudder. I know that, fool! hissed Devon again, and the two snapped at one another again. Kayley froze, terrified of what might happen if a stray snap instead ended with teeth sinking into her soft, scale-less flesh. Thankfully, before too intense of a fight worked up, a sharp thud hit the rock behind her. She jumped besides herself, and the dragons whipped their heads around, hissing at the new intruder. Their fight over, Kayley also looked and saw none other than the hermit himself. \"You might do well to remember that a noble lady is granting you access to her person and warmth, to save your lives. You do her a disservice, hissing and snapping so forcefully that I can hear you from my bedding and sneak up on you unnoticed.\" he said grimly. Kayley stared, stunned into silence. We do not hunt Kayley! Cornwall hissed, and Kayley was once again surprised by the impression of emotion or concern in the words. Do you insssult our oath to sssee you sssafely through the tunnelsss? We sssnap at one another only. Devon put forward. Garrett only snorted. \"One slip of your teeth could leave a human dead. One poorly-aimed swipe could leave the lady as blind as I am.\" Garrett said, sternly. \"Stop your foolishness, and allow her to rest. You had best do the same. You have raised our expectations that today was the last full day in the tunnels. We made good pace today, and I do indeed expect you to follow through with your oath and deliver us safely out of these caverns tomorrow.\" Without another word, he went back and got into his own bedroll, turning his back to them. Kayley was almost glad he had not lingered to receive her thanks—she had been struck speechless and might not have produced them as courtesy demanded. For a day spent mostly in silence, there had been a number of surprises at the end of it, one after another! Mind whirling with confusion, uncertain if she was being insulted or complimented with his intervention in the fight of the dragon brothers, she closed her eyes and willed herself to sleep. Her last thoughts were tied up once again in frantic prayers for her mother and people to be safe. . *~*~*~*~*~*THE NEXT MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . There was somehow an air of anticipation hanging over them all. Were the twins correct? They had never made it so far into the tunnels, as they all knew but nobody spoke aloud. Were their estimates correct? Were they heading onward, or toward entrapment and death? The humans breakfasted while walking, silently, marching onward. Garrett was no different today than before, and Kayley began to attribute his annoyance the night before to his general disapproval of foolish or dangerous things. A couple of hours into their daily travel, they began to feel a change in the air, the pressure and stillness lifting slightly. Kayley could not be sure it was not simply her desires fooling her senses, but she almost though there was the slightest hint of forest freshness. Eager, she felt lighter, a new spring in her step, and the whole party seemed to push forward a little more quickly. Within a few more hours, they could almost feel a ghost of a breeze, a certain movement in the air of the tunnels. The smell had definitely changed, and the dragons hissed and followed a small rodent with their gazes—but not their jowls. It would not do to eat and have to stop, now. There would be plenty of food back above ground. Finally, another couple of hours later, the tunnel started to widen. When they finally emerged, Garrett took a deep breath of fresh air. \"You must hunt, Ayden.\" Garrett noted, very matter-of-factly, holding out his arm. The falcon gave a piercing cry, and took off. Yes, I must. I will return before sundown. The words faded, sounding somehow harder to \"hear\" to Kayley, as Ayden grew more distant. The dragons emerged, looking around silently, tongues flicking wildly. Kayley couldn't imagine finding freedom after so many centuries of being trapped! They seemed to be in awe. \"Thank you, Devon, Cornwall.\" Kayley said softly. \"If it were not for you showing us down into the tunnels, and out this way back into the forest, we would have been captured. I do not believe I can ever repay you.\" she said. \"Your oath is fulfilled. Thank you for your services. The time has come for us to part ways.\" No sooner had the words left Garrett's mouth than their mental \"ears\" were filled with a horrible, silent keening once again. Kayley clutched her ears, unable to resist the impulse even knowing that the unbearable \"sound\" was not entering through them at all. \"STOP THAT! By the king, what is wrong with you?!\" Garrett roared, stopping the keening. Where shall we go? Thisss land isss ssstrange and foreign to usss...now we will be here alone. How will we sssurvive? Cornwall lamented. \"There is plenty of food in this forest. It is the same as the one on the opposite side of your hatching grounds. You will eat the same prey.\" Garrett said, unmoved. Kayley, however, felt forest was completely different from their previous hatching grounds, Kayley realized. She was not even certain they had ever left them and entered the forest on the opposite side, either of ignorance or from being stopped. They had seemed to spend much of their time before hiding. \"They should come with us!\" Kayley blurted out suddenly, to Garrett, and he scowled at her, as if she were double the fool for the suggestion. Kayley stubbornly stood straighter. \"Surely in the great city of Camelot, there will be someone in the king's court who would find the opportunity to hear truth from dragons worthwhile.\" she pointed out. Garrett snorted. \"If their 'speech' did not addle their minds in mere moments!\" he retorted back sharply, and her face fell. The falcon... He will teach usss! \"You had better ask him, then, when he's back. Or otherwise, you ought to hope to find a magician or other fey creature, there, someone or something already accustomed to this speech-of-the-mind.\" Garrett almost growled, unhappy but unable to find more objections at the moment. \"And don't think you can travel with me again, if you decide you should have stayed in the forest after all!\" The dragons and Kayley were all silent, but the dragons with a quiet, pleased thrumming, swaying lazily. \"Well, at least make yourselves useful. The noblewoman and I must find provisions. If, as Ayden, you must eat, go do so.\" he said gruffly. They scurried off, surprisingly quick in the comparatively warmer environment of the forest. Kayley regarded Garrett silently for a moment. \"Thank you for your patience. They deserve a chance to live. They have saved us. And through us, my mother, my people, and perhaps all of Camelot. We must help them—the whole kingdom owes them a great debt, if our quest is to be successful.\" \"It will be.\" Garrett said forcefully, with much more conviction than Kayley expected. She blinked, surprised, as he took off suddenly. \"Now, Noblewoman, we must gather food, and refill our water-skins.\" Garrett explained, clearly having expected that she would follow. As it were, the assumption was correct, not that Kayley knew what to think about that. Soon, they had found the nearest river, and refilled their skins after drinking from the sweet, cold water, flowing rapidly. Garrett set some small traps for game, which managed to catch a wild cony while they gathered vegetables, mushrooms, and herbs. They would have fresh meat, at least for one night. Kayley smiled to herself, remembering Ayden's chiding, days earlier, about sharing his prey. They would need no such assistance. As they headed back toward the tunnel opening, they searched for a suitable place to sleep. It was clear the day was ending. They had gained several, as far as they could estimate, through the tunnels, and had journeyed a significant distance already, before coming out of them. As they finished making a pit to use for a fire, Garrett finally spoke. \"...Lady Kayley.\" he said formally, and Kayley looked up suddenly in alarm. Her first instinct was to expect some sort of mockery—but she had done nothing wrong! Still, his tone was not rude, but hesitant, and Kayley responded as a noble woman should. \"Yes, Goodman Garrett?\" she asked, as if they always engaged in light conversation while doing chores. The opposite was true, of course, and besides curt directions or announcements of which way each had been heading, not much had been spoken between them even while gathering provisions over the last couple of hours. \"I must tell you something.\" he said, sounding grim as ever. Kayley started to become concerned. Even steeling herself against her worries, though, did not adequately prepare her for the announcement that came next: \"I knew your father.\"[Chapter 15] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot or the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: Much sooner than last time, don't you agree? Though not within the one-month mark, as I had hoped. Still, I am glad to give you this next installment! Thank you to everybody who has followed, favorited, and especially commented or messaged since the last installment! I was especially touched by how many good wishes I got for my health to continue improving. You are all very kind! I love seeing everybody's guesses and comments, thoughts on things that I've adapted well, and things that I could have written better. The feedback can only help me improve! Not to mention, your words and thoughts always make me inspired. It helps me keep going, and it's more motivational than I can do justice. Thank you all again. I am so grateful! . . . Chapter 15: The First Meeting . There was a silence. Somehow, it seemed even longer than it truly was. Kayley stared in disbelief, and didn't notice for a moment that her mouth was open, a round \"O\" of surprise. At least Garrett did not comment on it, she thought madly, forgetting for a moment that he could not possibly tell. Coming to her senses, she blinked. \"What do you mean?\" she asked, voice guarded. He only sighed, hunkering down onto a stump. Kayley was always impressed, in some back corner of her mind, when she reconciled his blindness to his uncanny ability to remain oriented to the objects around him. She had only ever dared sit without looking when a servant or visiting gentleman had held her chair for her—and only because it would have seemed rude to peek, as if she did not trust his intentions, as if she expected he would allow her to fall. She relied heavily on her sight. Far too much to sit so briskly and carelessly. Fortunately, the short moment wasted musing about vision went unnoticed, as Garrett quickly collected his thoughts, before starting again. \"It is as I said. I knew your father—I met him, when I was a boy.\" There was an odd expression on Garrett's face, then, a sort of pained wistfulness, something that looked nostalgic and tender, seeming very out of place, to Kayley, on the face of the callous hermit. Suddenly, she remembered something from nearly two weeks before. She felt around herself, running her fingers over the metal seal on the bag he had handed her, pulled from his meager possessions, in his forest hut. \"Your bag...!\" she exclaimed. Garrett's eyes narrowed, and the wistful expression disappeared, mouth hardening into a bitter line. \"So you noticed.\" he said softly. She had right away, of course, but he had prevented her from asking about it, back in his small home. \"Yes, as you may have expected...I once lived in Camelot.\" He paused, and Kayley waited patiently, allowing the silence that would have further aggravated her nerves during such a revelation soothe his. She at least knew him that well—and she did not want him to stop his story. \"I was a boy there. Sent into the city by my parents, who were poor and with too many mouths to feed. You must understand, I was eager to go—my uncle, before he died, had been looking for a situation for one of us boys, and when there was a position in the stables...an opportunity that could lead to respectable service to the king, managing the horses of the valiant Knights of the Round Table...\" he trailed off, empty gaze staring sadly into the distance. \"I was a foolish boy, and my older brothers were only too happy to allow me the opportunity, both of them nearing manhood and too old to be a typical apprentice. I suspect the eldest was loath to leave because of a sweetheart in the next village, but I never knew. It was a far enough distance from the castle that I rarely received news of them, and none of us could read nor write, so letters would have been impossible.\" \"How did you know...\" Kayley started to ask in surprise, before catching herself interrupting and stopping the words mid-sentence. To her great surprise, Garrett chuckled. \"That you would think of writing? Your father asked me the same question.\" Garrett recalled. . *~*~*~*~*~*YEARS EARLIER*~*~*~*~*~* . There were the soft gasps of a child crying, as Sir Lionel dismounted his warhorse and guided the tired beast toward the stable. The sound stopped his voice before he could call out for a stable-hand, as he usually would. Instead, he brought the horse to a halt, and walked into the stable quietly. In the corner, a young boy, not much larger, if at all, than his small daughter, hugged his knees, curled up with no blanket, in a pile of hay. \"Hail, my young lad. Why are you crying?\" Lionel asked, mail clinking as he sat on the tight bale nearby, pulling off his helm and setting it in his lap. He was sweaty, and tired. But he could delay his entry to the castle another few minutes. The boy had startled, scrambling up and back against the stable wall, breathing heavily. At the sight of a Knight of the Round Table, his face drained of color, and his wide, bright eyes roamed unbelievingly over the man's face. Quickly, he scrambled to the floor and knelt, bowing his head. \"F-forgive me, my lord. Please, let me tend to your horse.\" He flinched as a hand in a thick leather gauntlet entered his vision. It did not strike him, however, instead remaining there, until the boy looked up into the gentle, if severe, face of the man before him, now standing. \"Kneel before the altar and before your king. Not before me.\" he instructed. The sandy-haired boy nodded, curious even through his fear, and hesitantly grasped the knight's wrist, allowing himself to be pulled up to his feet with ease. He let go, and couldn't help but to continue staring at the knight. None of the king's men had ever addressed him with more than brusque instructions on any special needs of their horses before going on their way. Well, maybe a kind word or two, or a small coin, once and again. If they had been particularly kind, or in a good mood. Never a conversation. Never much to do with him in particular. \"Where is your armor?\" he blurted, before flushing and ducking his head. To his great surprise, the knight only laughed, a gentle, hearty welcoming sound. \"The roads are safer these days, especially near Camelot. I dared to travel in just leather and mail today, as I would be within the walls of Camelot near nightfall, and the weather has been hot. My helm I wore, but the rest are in my packs and saddlebags.\" Garret started, looking toward the entrance to the barn and noticing the large warhorse. He hurried toward it dutifully. It pawed and snorted as he approached, and he hesitated, slowing his movements to calm the beast. He reached it, blowing gently at it and patting its muzzle. \"There, boy...\" he soothed it, grabbing the reins, and guiding him more fully into the stables. \"He's a fine beast.\" Garrett admired, forgetting himself again to this friendly knight. Sir Lionel smiled. \"A better horse I've never had. If I'm lucky, I'll get a good line from him.\" he mused. Garrett nodded, thoughtfully, starting to undo buckles. He staggered under the weight of one of the saddlebags, and Sir Lionel ran over, steadying it easily. \"Careful, now! As I said...there is much in my saddlebags. I think that one has my gauntlets. They are far heavier than the average pack.\" he mused to himself, sizing up the boy. \"What is your name, lad?\" \"It-it's Garrett.\" he answered, surprised. Sir Lionel nodded. \"Garrett. A good name. And how old are you, Garrett?\" \"Ten. Sir.\" Garrett added quickly, looked down at his feet. A leather-clad hand raised his chin gently. \"If you have naught to hide, Garrett, look a man in the face when you speak to him, and stand proud.\" \"But you're a knight! A Knight of the Round Table!\" Garrett blurted, flushing, but not looking back down. \"And you are a stable-hand in the royal stables. I have never heard of horses leaving here ill-tended. You must be proud of the work you do. Honest and hardworking people have no reason to lower their gaze to the ground in shame like lowly thieves.\" Garrett's face took on several confused expressions. Shock, disbelief, then consideration. \"I do my best.\" Garrett admitted quietly. \"I like the horses. And so many of them have important work to do...with the knights, and nobles, and all.\" He mused, before feeling foolish, suddenly, when he remembered that this was one of those same knights. As different as he seemed from so many of them. He returned to helping Sir Lionel, instead of doing the work himself. He couldn't carry the heavy bags. Once they were off, however, he was able to quickly lead the horse into a proper stall, relieve it of the rest of its burdens, and begin rubbing it down. Sir Lionel stood and added comments, sometimes questions. When the horse was brushed and fed, drinking lazily out of a trough, the knight beckoned Garrett back over. \"Yes, my lord?\" he asked politely, remembering the knight's instructions and forcing his chin to stay high. Sir Lionel noticed, and silently approved. \"You never told me, Garrett...why were you crying, before?\" he asked gently. \"I...I miss my family.\" he admitted, cheeks turning red with shame as he felt tears stinging his eyes. \"I'm not ungrateful!\" he argued, and Sir Lionel bit back his amusement. In his opinion, it seemed that the boy argued against himself, not the knight. \"I just didn't realize how different it would be, out here alone. I didn't think I'd miss anything at all. But I do.\" he confessed, quietly, his mind spinning with the memory of his eldest sister scolding him as she sewed a rip in his new tunic, before she had gotten married and moved away. His mother humming to herself as the smell of mean, homemade wheat bread filled their small home as she and his sister brought it back from the village ovens. He was drawn from the bittersweet nostalgia by a gentle clap on his shoulder that made him flinch even though it hadn't been a blow. Sir Lionel politely did not comment on the cowardice, though he did wonder if the boy's master was heavy-handed with him. In truth, Garrett had simply been warned many times about angering the knights. There were a few who had little patience for young stable-boys. One in particular, he had heard, was known to strike or kick at his lessers. Garrett did not want to be on the wrong end of an armor boot! \"There, young Garrett, you and I are the same.\" Sir Lionel said solemnly, looking out the window so fervently that Garrett looked, almost expecting to see the man's aged mother or adult brother. There were only the darkened streets familiar to him. \"Is your family far?\" Garrett couldn't help but ask, in awe of the suddenly much more human-seeming knight. His whole life, it seemed, the Knights of the Round Table were like holy saints or distant heroes of legend. He knew, of course, that they had lands, and that they must have families, but it had never seemed so real, to him. He had never thought that perhaps they longed for their loved ones, as he did. That they were anything like a common boy from the distant country hills. \"Yes, they are.\" he said somberly. \"Though not so far as some.\" he allowed, patting Garrett's shoulder softly, and letting his arm fall again, staring into a distance that Garrett could not see. \"I have a wife, Juliana—a virtuous and noble lady, as delicate as the gentlest court lady, yet strong enough to manage affairs without trouble and demand obedience with a single word, as she must, in my many absences.\" he recounted, unable to stop a small smiling from tugging at his lips. And then he looked down at Garrett again. \"I have a daughter, too. Not much younger than you, in fact. She is seven.\" Garrett scowled briefly, as though he would have liked to object to a seven-year-old girl being not much younger than himself. He wisely bit his tongue, and Sir Lionel held back a chuckle as he continued. \"She is as strong as her mother, I can see already. She is my only heir, but with her strong spirit, I have no need to fear for the future of my lands.\" \"Have you no brothers? Nor uncles?\" Garrett asked, surprised. Sir Lionel's face remained impassive, not blaming the boy for his surprise. He simply shook his head. \"All gone,\" he said, sighing, \"in those dark times before King Arthur reigned.\" Garret bowed his head, purposefully, this time, in deference and respect. \"I am sorry.\" \"So am I. So tell, me, young Garrett, about this family of yours.\" Sir Lionel suggested, sitting once again on a bale of hay. Blinking, but never thinking of disobeying the knight, Garrett sat on another and started into explanations of his humble family, his two brothers and three sisters, and his mother and uncle—his father, too, was gone, in a robbery on the roads while heading to sell goods in the nearest real town, when he was quite young. His uncle looked in on his brother's widow and tried to make sure they ate and would have work. As the conversation lulled, several stories having been related, and many questions answered, Sir Lionel asked him why he didn't visit. Timidly, Garrett admitted that he didn't know his way back, and he wouldn't dare leave. They would visit, when they could, he knew. And then, when Sir Lionel asked why he did not send word, and ask for word back, Garrett couldn't help but laugh at what he thought must be a great joke. At the look of surprise on Sir Lionel's face, he drew back immediately, flabbergasted. \"I—forgive me, Sir Lionel. I meant no offense! It's just—of course, none of my family can read !\" he blurted, shocked anyone could think otherwise, even for a moment. Sir Lionel simply blinked, and inclined his head in recognition. \"None taken, Garrett. It was a lapse, perhaps from a long day's travels. I forgot myself, even hearing of your family and your earlier life. But tell me. What plans do you have, for yourself, Garrett? Here in Camelot, as you are?\" Sir Lionel asked, leaning forward with clear interest. Garrett was taken aback at this question, never having been asked, or even having thought it out particularly thoroughly. So much of that had seemed out of his control. \"Why, I...intend to work hard in the stables, of course. I will someday be a man, after all, and I must be ready to move on from my apprenticeship with mastery all the skills and responsibilities it will require.\" he answered, pleased with himself for such a dutiful answer. And it was his intention—he did not lie to flatter himself before the knight! However, Sir Lionel looked at him gravely, not looking as pleased, and Garrett's face began to drain of its contentment and back to uncertainly. \"Anything else?\" he asked, sounding just as gentle and curious as ever. \"I...I am sorry, Sir Lionel. I don't understand.\" Garrett fretted, beginning to fidget under the knight's stern gaze. \"If you could take on any purpose, any duty, in this kingdom, what would it be?\" Sir Lionel asked the boy. Head spinning with such a question, Garrett blinked again, and his mouth failed to obey him—not that he knew what he could even say. \"I would be a Knight of the Round Table, like you!\" he blurted out, not even knowing what the words were until they were ringing in his own ears. Sir Lionel continued to gaze at him steadily, and he felt his face flood with shame at the offense he had offered the nobleman with his forward desires. He knew it was above his station. Sir Lionel stood, and Garrett cringed back on his bale of hay, eyes staring at the golden stalks, shrinking. He flinches as a leather gauntlet quickly entered his vision again, but once again, it only raised up his chin. Sir Lionel's face was still grave, but his eyes were gentle and warm. \"Remember, Garrett, what I told you. Do not drop your gaze when you know you are an honest man.\" he repeated firmly. He was a knight, and he expected his orders to be obeyed. Chastised and afraid of causing any further offense, he simply nodded, not daring to break eye contact. \"Especially if you wish to become a Knight.\" Sir Lionel added, and Garrett's eyes widened. It was a foolish dream, he knew—one he had not even fully acknowledged to himself outside of childhood playacting and fantasies, years before, when he and his nearest brother would play together. \"Now, Garrett, you must rest. It is too late for a boy such as yourself to remain awake into the night, when you must work in the morning. Give me your hand.\" he instructed, and Garrett obeyed. The knight turned it over and dropped a shiny coin into it, closing Garrett's fingers around it. \"Please mind my horse. I will be back tomorrow, to check on him, at least—unless the king needs us to ride out so soon. I expect it will be at least another couple of days, though. I would still like him in good condition, though, if it is necessary to hurry.\" Sir Lionel instructed, and Garrett nodded determinedly. \"Yes, Sir! He will be in top condition and ready by breakfast!\" Garrett promised eagerly, and Sir Lionel clapped his shoulder again gently. \"I am sure he will be, with you looking after him. Thank you, Garrett.\" he said, then smiled and ruffled his hair once more, chuckling as Garrett pushed it back down afterward. \"Good night, lad.\" he said quietly as he closed the barn door behind himself. . *~*~*~*~*~*AT THE FIRESIDE*~*~*~*~*~* . \"...that sounds like my father.\" Kayley broke the silence, speaking softly, pain evident in her voice. Garrett simply stared blankly into the distance, seeing memories Kayley would have given anything to share. Not because it was Camelot, however much she had once longed to go. But just to have one more moment, one more glimpse, of Sir Lionel. \"He was a good man.\" Garrett said softly. \"Perhaps the best man I ever knew. You see, he did come back, the next day. And the day after.\" Garrett admitted, and Kayley's eyes jerked up from the small fire in surprise. \"He did?\" \"Yes.\" Garrett affirmed. \"That next day, he came bearing a gift...\" The hermit's blank eyes narrowed, but in a softer way than usual, and Kayley noted the wry smile twisting one corner of his mouth, lending him a sort of bittersweet expression. Entranced, she stared into his face, wishing she could see the far-off things he could still see...[Chapter 16] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot or the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I had thought originally that the last chapter would have all of the flashbacks. When it became very long, I decided that I would split it. Now, I find myself splitting it yet again. Apparently, I just can't get enough of Garrett's backstory or of his and Sir Lionel's relationship. It's strange, because I really wanted to elaborate more on the events that were actually in the movie. This, obviously, is shown but briefly, and with no explanation. There were apparently possibilities waiting in my mind to come out into this fic that I did not even know were there. I assure you, splitting it again and having three chapters that contained background info on Sir Lionel and Garrett was not my original plan for this fic...! I can only hope you \"can't get enough of\" their history to the same extent I apparently have that problem! I certainly hope you all have at least enough enjoyment of it to read through this whole chapter and then at least part of another, before we move on with the rest of the story! I apologize for how drawn-out it has become. Now that the ideas and timeline are here, though, they refuse to be silenced. A special thanks, for a spare moment, to those who have continued to read, follow, favorite, and especially review. I try to respond to all the comments that are left, but as I like to leave guest comments enabled, I cannot always reply directly. I prefer to keep conversations personal, and usually reply by private message. I just want to take a moment to thank those \"Guest\" users who have taken the time and effort to write a comment, be it with feedback, wondering, or even criticism (which is, of course, the only way I can improve!) It means so much to me, and while I would not want to take away the ability for guest users to post, it does pain me that I haven't been able to respond to any of your questions or compliments. I would at least like to take this moment to thank you, now. I appreciate you all! Two different parts of my family are celebrating two different holidays around this time, and I have friends celebrating others still! Therefore, I would also like to take a moment, now, to wish happy holidays, whatever they may be, to anybody celebrating something around this time! . . . Chapter 16: The Accident . The sun had risen, and Garrett was already well into his morning chores. He was finishing up getting Sir Lionel's warhorse brushed after a good washing early in the morning, arms relieved for the respite of simple strokes with the soft brush, rather than hauling more water, for a while. The beast was hardly recognizable as the tired, lathered, and dirty horse that had entered through the doors the night before. The clink of steel drew Garrett's attention to the open doors of the stable, and Garrett's face lit up. He didn't abandon his work, but he quickly bowed to Sir Lionel. \"As promised, Sir, he is washed and brushed. If you need him readied, I can—\" he began, but Sir Lionel raised his hand, shaking his head, though a smile stayed on his face. \"That will not be necessary, Garrett, though I thank you. You are a man of your word, truly, and better.\" Sir Lionel said with approval, looking over his horse and patting the beast's neck fondly. He gazed at Garrett thoughtfully, and Garrett gazed back, remembering not to lower his head while speaking with Sir Lionel. After several long moments of searching the boy's face, Sir Lionel seemed to come to a decision and smiled, standing. \"Sir...?\" Garrett dared to ask, curious and slightly confused. \"Are you done with your morning work, Garrett?\" Sir Lionel asked suddenly. Despite his puzzlement, Garrett answered respectfully. \"Yes, Sir Lionel.\" The knight nodded approvingly. \"Have you taken your breakfast?\" he asked. Garrett looked embarrassed. \"N-no, sir. I don't do that until after my morning chores, usually...whatever's set aside for me by my master from the servants' breakfast.\" he explained. Sir Lionel actually seemed pleased by this news. \"Good. Come with me, then, please, Garrett. I will make sure you are fed after you do this for me.\" He said, clapping a hand on the boy's shoulder, about to guide him out. The stable master entered, then, with some bread, and seemed very surprised to find a Knight of the Round Table in the stable instead of up in the castle. Setting aside the bread that Sir Lionel assumed was intended for Garrett's breakfast, the man hurried over, bowing to Sir Lionel. \"Sir Lionel! It is an honor—how may I be of service? Is anything lacking in your horse's care?\" he asked, confused and wary of why a knight's grip was on his young stable-hand. \"No, Goodman Robert. Quite the opposite, in fact! Though I am glad to see you. I have need of young Garrett for a time. Do you need him presently?\" While Sir Lionel was polite, he had no doubt that the stable master would not prevent him from what he wished. He was, after all, a Knight of the Round Table. He was pleased, though, that Robert seemed to show true concern for the boy. \"Of course, Sir Lionel. Though if there is anything you need, sir, I am more than happy—\" he started, but Sir Lionel shook his head, raising a hand again. \"No, no—nothing like that. 'Tis a simple task, fit for a young lad such as this. I'll have him returned to his work in some hours' time.\" Sir Lionel promised. Robert look from Garrett, back to Sir Lionel, and inclined his head. \"Of course, Sir Lionel.\" he capitulated, as expected, with a polite little bow. His gaze lowered to the boy. \"Garrett, you mind Sir Lionel to the word, and then return back promptly.\" he instructed. Garrett would have responded, but Sir Lionel was already guiding him out the doors. He led the boy through the streets, and out to a small, fenced in area. \"This garden is not in use, at the moment. I have acquired permission to borrow it this morning. The man who owns this house is a friend of mine.\" Sir Lionel explained. He pointed out a tall fence post near a broken area of the fence. It was taller than Garrett, though not by much. \"This is your target.\" Sir Lionel explained, and Garrett's gaze jerked back from the fence post to Sir Lionel's face. \"My target? Sir?\" Garrett added quickly. Sir Lionel raised an eyebrow questioningly, face serious. \"Were you not earnest in wanting to become a Knight of the Round Table?\" asked Sir Lionel. Garrett barely kept himself from sputtering. \"I was, of course!\" he objected strongly, \"But I still don't understand!\" Sir Lionel gazed at him a moment, then walked to the area of the fence near the simple house. He took a long pole from where it stood, leaning against the wall. He held it up as he neared the boy again, showing him, and then threw it toward him. He caught it clumsily, but did not let it fall. \"You have a strong heart, Garrett. You seem to be growing into the sort of man we need as knights, in Camelot. If you truly wish to attempt to join us, I will teach you what you need to know.\" he held up a hand to stop the response that almost burst forth from Garrett. \"But I warn you, before you decide—it will not be easy.\" he cautioned gravely. Garrett allowed a moment of silence, staring determinedly back into Sir Lionel's face. \"I want to be a Knight of the Round Table!\" Garrett insisted seriously, meeting Sir Lionel's gaze with a resolute one of his own. Sir Lionel held his gaze, and then inclined his head, smiling. Garrett felt determination and pride well up in him. \"The first thing you must know, I have already hinted. It has to do with a knight's strength. Do you think, Garrett, that a knight's strength is in his weapons? In his muscles?\" Sir Lionel asked. With a tone such as that, Garrett became uncertain, and stared quietly, questions in his eyes. \"No. Your enemy may have better weapons, and stronger muscles. And yet, you must hold steady, and triumph over him. We do it with one another, with our combined strengths, yes—but even one Knight must be able to hold his own against strong enemies.\" Sir Lionel reminded him. Garrett held back the questions on his tongue, unwilling to interrupt Sir Lionel. Not when he was saying something so important! \"The strength of a Knight of the Round Table must come from his heart .\" Sir Lionel said passionately, striking himself in the chest with his fist. Garrett stared, awe and admiration building. Even having seen some of the more human side of Sir Lionel the night before, he certainly seemed like the untouchable hero Garrett had always imagined the knights to be, standing there, words full of a burning purpose Garrett suddenly longed to join, more than anything he had ever desired before in his young life. \"Now. I want you to repeat after me—and remember these words! It is the Oath of Camelot: United we stand...now, and forever. \" Somehow, Sir Lionel's voice rang loud and strong, as he repeated those words, and Garrett was in such awe that he almost forgot to repeat them. \"United we stand. Now, and forever!\" he shouted back, trying to sound equally as determined, Sir Lionel inclined his head in acknowledgement. \"Live by those words, and keep your heart pure and strong, and I have no doubt, Garrett, that you will become a Knight of the Round Table.\" Sir Lionel said. \"Now...I will teach you some basic strikes.\" Sir Lionel began, gently taking the stick back from Garrett. \"As payment for borrowing this space to practice with you while I am here, I have promised my friend that we will fix his fence before I leave.\" \"When will that be?\" Garrett blurted, then flushed, embarrassed at his interruption. Sir Lionel looked at him, then answered. \"I leave in just over three weeks' time.\" he informed the boy. Garrett perked up. That was almost a month! With Sir Lionel teaching him, he would be a Knight of the Round Table in no time! He couldn't believe his fortune! He said a quick prayer, promising to spend extra time at church that evening to give his proper thanks for this unexpected blessing. That day, Sir Lionel trained him in basic strikes, and Garrett's hands felt raw and bruised in short order, hitting the tall post again and again. Still, the determined boy did not ask to stop, obediently following each order and responding to each correction and criticism with quick changes. Sir Lionel was pleased as the sun rose in the sky. \"Hold.\" Sir Lionel ordered, and Garrett froze, before standing back and facing him. Sir Lionel inclined his head approvingly. \"That's enough for today. I promised Robert I would return you in short enough order, and you are not yet fed.\" Sir Lionel pointed out. Garrett blushed, thinking the knight must have heard his the angry growls of his belly. \"Please, Sir Lionel, there is no need to worry on my behalf. I saw bread I think was for me. I can eat when I return.\" he assured Sir Lionel, not wanting to be thought a weak little boy. Sir Lionel shook his head. \"No, Garrett. This is enough for today. I remember those early days well, and you will be sore enough in the morning tomorrow, when I retrieve you.\" Garrett's hungry stomach sank, suddenly, thinking of how to ask his master if he could leave not just today, but each day, with Sir Lionel. He might hope to be a knight eventually, but for now he was promised to work in the stable, by his uncle's and his own honor! \"Sir Lionel...I cannot ask for leisure from my work. I am promised to serve and learn in the stables until I am fifteen.\" he told the knight regretfully, dreams seeming suddenly far away. Could he still learn to be a knight, at such an age? He would be a man, then... \"Quite right, Garrett. But I do not intend to take you from your work. Instead, I would ask you to work harder. Today, I retrieved you after your morning chores, well into the morning. Tomorrow, I wish to retrieve you at the earliest hint of dawn. Will you have your work done by then for me, that we may continue?\" Sir Lionel asked him. Garrett steeled his gaze, determination washing over him again. \"Yes, Sir Lionel!\" he assured the knight, cheeks reddening as his stomach yowled again. The knight his a smile. The boy sounded like he was hiding angry cats in his tunic. \"Good. We are agreed, then. Come with me, now, and we will break our fast. You will eat with me after we train in the mornings. I do not think your belly would have done well full before this exertion. Do you?\" Truthfully, Garrett had not considered the question. He didn't usually eat until he was stuffed, anyway—there simply wasn't enough food for that. But on those rare occasions where he had been offered extra bread and eaten his fill, the uncomfortable feeling in his stomach had made it hard to work without feeling ill. He didn't suspect this training would be much better, with food in his belly. \"N-no, Sir.\" Garrett replied honestly. Sir Lionel led him into the castle, where he provided them with extra scraps from breakfast. Garrett had never tasted so many delicious things together—he was in shock as he stared at the portion assigned to him by Sir Lionel. In short order, he had eaten, and rinsed his hands in a bowl of scented water as Sir Lionel demonstrated, and was guided back to the stables before mid-day. \"Thank you for lending me the boy, Goodman Robert. I am quite pleased with his obedience, as well as the condition he had my horse by morning.\" Sir Lionel complimented approvingly, eyeing his warhorse with a couple of thoughtful nods. He gave the man a coin. \"I will see you tomorrow, Garrett. Please keep my horse in good condition in case I should need him.\" Sir Lionel told him, with an incline of his head, before strolling purposefully back toward the castle. \"That is a good man.\" Robert told Garrett, looking thoughtfully at Sir Lionel's disappearing back. \"You would do well to stay in his favor. Make sure you pick out his horse's hooves before tonight, if you think he might come back.\" Of course, Garrett was more than attentive to Sir Lionel's warhorse—but he also made sure to do his utmost for the other horses in the stables. He usually did, but now it seemed a matter of his honesty and strength of heart. Besides, weren't many of the horses in his care those belonging to other knights, or even King Arthur himself? He dare not neglect any of them. What if they were needed in short notice? And they were all such fine horses... . *~*~*~*~*~*AT THE FIRESIDE*~*~*~*~*~* . \"...what happened?\" Kayley breathed, barely daring to speak. She did not need to explain the question to Garrett, considering how they had met, and his current situation. The hermit remained silent for a time, and briefly stood, carefully pushing another log into the fire they had started in the pit. He sat down again, and stared, sightless, into the flames, feeling the warmth on his face, the slight burn of a fire's heat. What had happened, indeed... . *~*~*~*~*~*YEARS EARLIER*~*~*~*~*~* . It was dark out, as Garrett returned from his dinner, mind reeling over a new set of strikes he would try the following day. Over a year had passed, since Sir Lionel had first taught him basic strikes. He had learned them for a week, barely starting to feel less pained and battered by the end of it—and then, of course, Sir Lionel had taken a staff against him for the following week, working him even harder, and leaving him bruised as well as sore from just the exertion! He couldn't help but grin to himself at the memory. How long ago it seemed, and how far he had come! He also spoke of history and politics, teaching Garrett about the realm of King Arthur, and explaining how the Knights of the Round Table came to be, what their goals had been, with the king, and what their current duties were. So much had changed, since those dark days when Garrett's father and Sir Lionel's brother had lost their lives to the lack of safety on the roads! The knights would be returning soon, he knew—the first in maybe a week's time—and Garrett was determined to be up to date in his practice and have the tasks Sir Lionel had assigned him for practice and study all completed. Garrett was drawn from his planning of his week when he turned the corner and saw smoke and brightness coming from the stables. He broke into a dead sprint, yelling for help, running to release the horses, squinting, coughing, and covering his nose. He was able to set several loose into the streets. Some of them bolted—he would have to round them up later, and the castle gates would at least be closed, at this hour! But when he was leading one nervous horse out past the flames as townfolk gathered to throw buckets onto the flames, it spooked and reared, striking him in the head. He fell, stunned, and barely managed to crawl out through the stable doors before vomiting and falling. When he opened his eyes, the word looked hazy—like blobs of paint on a canvas instead of a sharp, finished portrait—and for a panicked moment, he thought he was still in the burning barn. He struggled up, but was pushed down by a firm, but gentle, hand. \"Wild boy, you're not to sit up until the doctor sees you!\" chided a woman who quickly changed cloth bandages around his head. \"My eyes...\" Garrett groaned, rubbing them until his hands were pushed away. The woman peered into them, the colorful blob that he assumed to be her face hovering over him. \"I don't see anything in them, child. Now calm yourself. You've slept too long.\" \"What time is it?!\" Garrett fretted, starting to sit up again, only to be pushed back down. \"Time for you to rest! ...but around mid-morning. You've been barely waking all night and day.\" she relented, and Garrett slumped, annoyed, back into the rough bed. A thought occurred to him. \"...how did I get here?\" he asked, warily. He couldn't afford a doctor, nor could his master. \"The king declared that anyone injured overnight would receive care, as thanks for all the horses being saved. So your master had you brought here.\" Garrett was relieved. And grateful. He hadn't yet realized what was wrong. As the next day or two passed, Garrett's headache and illness grew worse, then slowly better. But his vision, which had worsened with the headache, did not return. The \"smoke in his eyes\" grew thicker, darker, until he only saw shadows. And then only blackness. . *~*~*~*~*~*AT THE FIRESIDE*~*~*~*~*~* . \"So it was because of your eyes, then, that you could not become a knight?\" Kayley asked in a timid voice, not wanting to worsen the wounds of his loss. To her surprise, Garrett's lips tugged up in a smirk. \"You would think that, as I did...but you would be wrong. As I was, then.\" he informed her. . *~*~*~*~*~*YEARS EARLIER*~*~*~*~*~* . Garrett was defeated, and gloomy, his sight stolen from him. He stumbled around, readjusting himself to the stable, refusing to leave, wondering if he would even know if another fire started, without his sight. Maybe by the smell, and the smoke. He would feel his way to the horses, more afraid of them than ever before, unable to even see how he was approaching them, unsure if he might end up bitten or kicked, as he couldn't watch them to see how they responded. A few days later, Sir Lionel came one morning. Garrett was brushing a horse by touch, and did not hear him enter. The knight walked up behind him and put a hand on his shoulder. Garrett jumped, drawing back and bumping into the horse. A familiar chuckle met his ears. \"Sorry to startle you. Where were your thoughts, lad, that you did not notice me here?\" At Sir Lionel's words, devastation crashed over Garrett. So soon, the moment was now upon him, the moment he had to tell Sir Lionel he had failed. He would not become a knight, after all. His eyes had betrayed him. \"I am sorry, Sir Lionel.\" Garrett's voice shook. Sir Lionel frowned, and he didn't quite make sense of the lost look in Garrett's eyes. \"It was harmless, I assure you. I was just curious as to your thoughts. Were they so grave?\" \"No...I am sorry because I cannot be a Knight of the Round Table, after all.\" Garrett said, tears stinging his deadened eyes. Before he knew what had overcome him, he sank to the ground, finally sobbing in grief. Sir Lionel, quite alarmed, pulled him back up by the shoulders and started to guide him toward a bale of hay, to sit, but instead had to grab the boy to stop him from falling as he stumbled while they walked. \"What has happened, Garrett?\" Sir Lionel asked, truly concerned, at this part. Through his sobs, the twelve-year-old explained: the fire, the horses, his eyesight. Sir Lionel stared gravely, an expression Garrett could imagine well, given the familiarity of that sort of silence, with Sir Lionel. \"I am sorry to have failed you, after all you have given me.\" Garrett choked miserably, wiping his face, calming down slowly, if only because he didn't have the strength to keep crying. Sir Lionel regarded him sternly, shaking his head. \"Have you decided you shall not be a knight? I did not think you one to turn back on your word.\" Sir Lionel chastised unhappily. Garrett flinched, but also felt slighted. \"I didn't ask to be blinded! I cannot practice, I cannot run, I cannot strike! I can barely...brush horses.\" Garrett grumbled helplessly, feeling bitter and angry, still. \"And I thought you knew that a knight's strength comes from the heart .\" Sir Lionel scolded firmly. \"Has yours changed so drastically?\" \"It has not changed at all ! I am still myself! I simply cannot see anymore!\" Garret yelled, losing his temper, frustrations that had built all week as people avoided him or spoke to him like an imbecile spilling over. He couldn't see it, but Sir Lionel smiled with grim satisfaction. \"Good. Then finish brushing that horse, and come with me to practice.\" Sir Lionel instructed. The horse was close to done, so Sir Lionel waited, knowing Garrett would likely need more guidance to get to their practice area. He led the boy to where they had last practiced, and handed him the staff he had been using instead of a sword to teach the boy the strikes. \"You must hang onto this at all times, now. Like a real sword, it will have to stay with you, instead of just during practice. You can use it to feel in front of you and around you, when you move. Now, try.\" Sir Lionel said, purposefully giving the staff to Garrett when he was out of reach of the target. He leaned on the staff awkwardly, like a drunkard, and Sir Lionel frowned, before continuing. \"Stand tall and with your chin straight, Garrett.\" \"Yes, Sir Lionel.\" Garrett mumbled to the familiar order, but obeyed, standing straight and keeping his head straight despite not knowing where he was looking. He moved the staff around, uncomfortable. \"Angle it away from you, and feel with the end. Find the target.\" Sir Lionel instructed firmly. Garrett did as instructed, awkwardly stumbling forward one clumsy step at a time. \"Sweep back and forth, if you need. Feel in front of you. This is your warning, in place of your eyesight, that you might avoid tripping over obstacles on the ground.\" Sir Lionel pointed out. Garrett was already frustrated with the difficulty of moving around without his sight. Still, he did as he was told. And jumped slightly when the staff hit something solid. He tapped at the solid thing experimentally, feeling its shape by tapping up the sides of the object. It was long and straight, not terribly wide...and made of wood, by the sound. \"Is this...the target?\" Garrett asked uncertainly. \"Very good, Garrett. Now, show me some of your basic strikes.\" Sir Lionel demanded, as if he had simply returned from any trip, to a normal day. Frustrated, Garrett bit back the words that he couldn't , and instead took a breath and made a swing. And missed, almost overbalancing and falling. \"Again.\" Sir Lionel ordered. Already feeling humiliated and like this was a terrible idea, Garrett nonetheless obeyed again, feeling out with the staff and getting slightly better oriented. He took another breath, and then lunged forward with a strike to the side, where the shoulder of a man would be. \"Good! ...now again. A different strike.\" The practice continued much in the same way. It was frustrating, for Garrett. Despite his previous improvements, he was suddenly a fresh student, again. Sir Lionel was a firm, but fair, teacher. As he always had been. It was everyone else that was the problem. Where Sir Lionel told him that his heart being the same was what mattered, he received pity or outright rudeness from many others. He gritted his teeth and held his chin high, going with Sir Lionel each morning to train, making sure he got up by the strikes of the clock, since his sight could not alert him to the morning any longer. Even during the times when Sir Lionel was away, Garrett dutifully rose early, as early as he would if Sir Lionel was there, instead of rising somewhat later when the knight was away, as he had previously done, when he was simply practicing things he had already learned from the knight. For one thing, it took Garrett longer—at least early on—to do his chores. Chastised by Sir Lionel, Garrett no longer wallowed in self-pity and did minimal work. He returned to the full range of duties he had previously had, learning to feel things out carefully with his staff and his hands. He had to focus more on the things he could hear, feel, and even smell. While his master was surprised, and even wary, of his newfound ability to function (but of course had not thrown him out, as he could still do minimal work, and he had agreed to keep the boy until he came of age at fifteen), the man soon saw that Garrett at least did no harm, and seemed to be more like his previous self than before. So mostly, the stable master just left the boy be. He did, however, stop his search for a new stable-hand, glad he would not have reason to turn the poor, blinded boy away. Day after day, Garrett rose early, practiced thoroughly, did his chores, and tried to stay abreast of news from the castle and the kingdom. The crisp mornings and occasional freezes of spring gave way to the ease and heat of summer, and by the time fall approached again, Garrett was as proficient with his strikes as he had been before the fire. And finally, in the fall, Sir Lionel returned.[Chapter 17] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot or the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: As promised before, this is the last chapter relating the story of Garrett and Sir Lionel's original meeting and relationship. We start to move on just a little, and the next chapter will continue more regularly! Thank you for bearing with me on this, and thank you again to everybody who has been kind enough to read, follow, favorite, or better, comment, on this fic. I have been so excited for these last few chapters. Your feedback and feelings make everything so worthwhile! I cannot thank you enough—each and every one of you! And now, to move past the past...! I hope it has been exciting for all of you to get so many updates so far, this month! Unfortunately, some busy times are coming up, so while I'll keep doing my best to update as often as possible, that might become much longer between updates, again. Please remember...I'm not quitting this story. If I discontinue it, I will post saying so! Hopefully, with this warning, nobody will panic on me when I stop updating so often, right? ;P . . . Chapter 17: Shattered Dreams . \"You mean, you continued your training?\" Kayley asked, surprised and impressed. \"Yes. Your father saw to that.\" Garrett confirmed, staring blindly toward the fire's warmth, frowning. He rubbed his forehead, clearly stressed and unhappy with the thoughts on his mind. Kayley waited silently, with bated breath, knowing what must be coming—yet somehow, unable to stop listening, desperate to hear more about her father. . *~*~*~*~*~*YEARS EARLIER*~*~*~*~*~* . \"Hail, Garrett.\" said a familiar voice, as the man behind it lead his tired horse into the very stable where Garrett was filling a trough with water from the well. Garrett set down his bucket and turned toward his mentor's voice, grinning. \"Hail, Sir Lionel! I am glad to see you!\" Garrett replied walking toward him and extending his arm. They grasped forearms, and then Garrett reached over, carefully patting the horse and taking his reins. \"Anything in particular that he needs, or are you staying a while?\" Garrett asked easily, accustomed to his work, but this time, it was a little more personal. Garrett was hopeful Sir Lionel would be staying, as he wanted to show the knight his current level of skill, brought back up since his injuries, and to learn new things. \"No, I should be here a week—maybe a fortnight, if some early snows keep the more distant knights from arriving soon. Just needs some care and rest.\" Sir Lionel said fondly of his reliable warhorse, watching the boy with approval as he led the horse with one hand, feeling his way using his staff in the other. Sir Lionel watched for a moment, satisfied with his work—and his adjustment. \"Have you been practicing, Garrett?\" Sir Lionel asked seriously. Garrett turned his face toward the man, grinning, hands still working. After all, it was the same to Garrett with or without his useless eyes facing the horse, these days. \"Of course! I hoped to show you, if you had time to spare. Perhaps tomorrow?\" Garrett asked hopefully. Sir Lionel smiled, but held back his laugh at the child's hopeful enthusiasm. \"Very well. I'll arrive at dawn.\" Sir Lionel promised. \"Until then, Garrett, thank you again for looking after my horse.\" Sir Lionel said. Of course, Sir Lionel was impressed with Garrett's improvement, and was able to work with him on defense without sight—though he did caution Garrett that, without another to help him pick up sneak attacks, he should avoid situations that would leave him vulnerable to ambush in the chaos and confusion of battle. Strikes that came too quickly hit the boy hard, but he handled himself well. His strikes and form were like never before, and Sir Lionel was impressed. \"I will speak to your master, but I would like for you to spend time with a friend of mine. He is aging and ill in health, a childless man, with no family to watch for him, only his beloved books to keep him company. I will speak to him this week. If you could check on him each night and prepare a meal so that he will be fed, I would be very grateful. As long as your master can spare you, of course.\" \"O-of course, Sir Lionel.\" Garrett promised readily, surprised to be asked such a personal favor from the knight. Sir Lionel gave a grunt of approval. \"Good. Then I will speak to your master and my friend, and let you know tomorrow.\" Sir Lionel told him. \"For now, we are done. You are handling yourself well, Garrett. I can see you have been working hard. Good. Do you have more work for this morning?\" \"No, Sir Lionel. I finished everything before you came. Though I cannot be sure my master won't have more for me, when I return.\" \"I see. Your sense of duty is admirable. Still, I would prefer to see you fed, myself. We shall be quick, and I will have you returned to your master very soon. Come, now, Garrett.\" A growing boy, turning thirteen within the season, Garrett wasn't one to turn down food. And if he was told to go by Sir Lionel, Garrett had the feeling the stable master wouldn't have much to say in opposition... Of course, the stable master also couldn't say much when Sir Lionel requested the boy have the time after sunset, around supper at the castle, to check on his aging friend in the town. Especially when Sir Lionel offered a small payment if it would deprive the stable master of his work. The next day, Garrett learned that they were to be introduced that night—the man had agreed. Sir Lionel told Garrett that in talking to his friend, he had spun the arrangement as a favor, as well, and while Garrett scoffed mentally at the idea, he could admit the cleverness in sparing the man's pride. After being independent for so long, and without family to care for him, Garrett had no doubt it would be a difficult blow to bear, knowing that he needed help to stay well. The stable master pulled Garrett aside and warned him firmly that the old man had better be the best-cared-after elder in the village, by the time he passed, and Garrett assured him that he would not fail Sir Lionel's task. They both agreed that any man to gain Sir Lionel's favor so thoroughly must be a great and noble man, after all. The knight led the way, the first evening, arriving shortly after sunset and walking Garrett through the roads, naming them as he passed, that Garrett might remember the way better, or be able to orient himself by their names, if he was someday turned around in the streets. They came to a small cottage, wall-to-wall with the next, as most were. Sir Lionel showed Garrett some landmarks at the front, by which he could be sure he was at the right home in the future, and then knocked firmly. The old man welcomed them in, greeting Sir Lionel as an old friend, and fed them. \"Ah, yes—so you'll be wanting some books, now, will you?\" the old man eventually asked Garrett. The boy blinked in surprise, frowning slightly. \"I am afraid that I cannot read. I thought you had known, good sir, but I am blind.\" \"No, no—I knew that. I mean, to hear them!\" the man objected. Perhaps too old to be bound by the polite ways of dancing around sensitive topics, the man ploughed straight through. Garrett was somewhat taken aback by it, but when he thought about it, he realized it was truly refreshing. One needn't worry, with a man like that, about subtleties or ploys of social standing, as people did in the castle, even amongst the servants and lesser staff. Still, Garrett was confused by the man's words. Sir Lionel took this moment to interrupt. \"Ah, yes, Hugo. This is the boy whose story I was recounting to you. He has a great interest in history and politics, yes, but ever since his injury, he cannot read.\" Garrett might have argued that he could barely read before the injury, but he certainly wasn't about to do so now, contradicting and offering rudeness to his mentor. The man nodded grimly, though all Garrett knew was the pensive half-growl that emanated from him. \"Well, I do have a nice collection, as you know.\" he pointed out, the sound of someone who was not bragging, but was confident in a well-known strength. \"So, boy, what do you say to coming around sundown and listening, and I will read the books to you, like lessons? You can make yourself useful to pay for them—I know you're apprenticed still.\" \"That would be more than I could have hoped, sir. Thank you.\" Garrett bit back any other reply, and Sir Lionel nodded approvingly, even though the boy couldn't see it. So began a new era in Garrett's life. Mornings were just as grueling as ever—worse, perhaps, for the next week or more, with Sir Lionel beating him down with their daily staff fights, to train him. Days were just as full of work as before, and instead of relaxing and eating a small meal before finishing up with any night arrivals and sleeping, Garrett trudged across the town, prepared food for Hugo—and himself, as the man usually insisted, and Garrett could not resist the better fare of the old man's table—while listening to passages from history and politics books, being asked sharp questions whenever it seemed he was not focusing. Considering his minimal skill, his cooking abilities greatly improved. By the next spring, Garrett had settled into this routine. There were those who scoffed and made comments—which Garrett stubbornly ignored, walking always with his chin held firmly straight, even as people accused him of strange bribes or being a charity case. If they noticed him at all. Garrett actually preferred when they didn't. Living his life was easier without others' unwelcome speculations, pity, or criticisms. As the summer wore on, Garrett grew restless, excited to hear word of the gathering of the knights. Ten years had passed, since King Arthur's reign had begun. It was time for the Knights of the Round Table to join the king and more adequately divide the land, for ruling and patrols. Garrett had come a long way in his \"lessons\" as well as his fighting skills. He was eager for new things to practice...not to mention his rising tentative hopes, based on the letter he had accidentally learned existed. Sir Lionel had sent a letter to Hugo, who had let it slip while starting to nod after supper—Garrett had begun helping the man wash and prepare for bed, as he grew weaker over the half a year and some that Garrett had been visiting—that Sir Lionel was considering introducing him to the Weapons Master. The man helped train the pages and squires, and Sir Lionel intended to ask if Garrett could have more formal training in the year leading up to his manhood, when he would be able to petition to become a Knight of the Round Table in his own right. Garrett knew that the king was likely to place certain tests and lessons before him, rather than allowing him to join in even the regular training...but he was determined to do his best to be prepared. Having Sir Lionel behind his cause gave him greater hope than anything could break, hope that he would someday achieve his dream. It was a dream for which he would sacrifice anything— everything , if need be! Even if extra years passed and Garrett would be the oldest knight ever to be accepted, he would make it happen! He had worked too hard not to force it through! Naturally, when Sir Lionel came back to town, Garrett was excited to see him. As usual, he left his horse, and Garrett tended the familiar beast with exquisite care. He did not falter in his practice, nor his lessons, and had an early sparring match, showing Sir Lionel what he had been practicing. Sir Lionel gave him praise, critiques, and counsel on how to better improve his balance and parries. He also informed the boy of his intention to get him introduced to the weapons master. Garrett's heart nearly leapt from his chest—he had hoped , of course, but even a mention in passing wasn't enough to guarantee that the knight actually could, or would , arrange a meeting! After sputtering so foolishly over himself that Sir Lionel cut off his babbled thanks, Garrett was half-flying with his excitement for the rest of the day. The knights trickled into the castle town, and the day of the king's meeting with knights neared. Sir Lionel was to introduce Garrett to the weapons master some weeks after. He had already been told where to go. Each morning, they trained, and the first evening, Sir Lionel joined Garrett and Hugo for supper—which was simple, but both satisfying for the three of them...and satisfactory to the knight, who was reassured to see his friend doing as well as could be expected. Garrett felt a certain pride swell in his chest, for meeting Sir Lionel's expectations. His mentor set high standards, but Garrett was not one for doing shoddy or second-rate work. The first day of the meeting of the Knights of the Round Table with King Arthur came and went. And by nightfall, there were whispers of tragedy and betrayal, of one knight cast out from the circle once and for all...and another forever fallen, slain by the rogue knight's hand. Garrett was shocked—horrified, even! How could a Knight of the Round Table, one of his highest heroes, do something so terrible?! Surely it was a mistake! He waited the next morning, up even earlier than usual, to ask Sir Lionel what had truly occurred. He had never dared ask the knight about personal matters, before—not since that day, so long before, when Garrett had asked about Sir Lionel's family, as a naïve, eleven-year-old boy. But Sir Lionel did not come. Garrett felt dread stir in his gut, but continued working, assuring himself that Sir Lionel and the other knights simply had to deal with the after-effects of whatever had occurred. He remained on-task, and went to Hugo's at night. They were quieter, an air of grimness hanging over them, neither daring to mention the rumors and whispers from up at the castle. The next day, many knights came and ordered their horses readied. After doing up many horses, Garrett heard a procession and yelling in the streets. How he wished, despite his usual refusal to allow himself to dwell on the matter, that he could see! But it seemed it was the knights riding out of Camelot, leaving in a hurry. The dread grew greater when another knight came and took Sir Lionel's horse for him, not speaking more on the matter except to give Garrett a coin and thank him for looking after the horses. When the appointed day arrived, Garrett went to meet the weapons master, as he had been instructed by Sir Lionel, weeks before. The conversation was short and clipped, though not purposefully cruel. There was a short sparring match, and the man seemed impressed with Garrett's ability to keep his guard up, but there were too many openings, with his lack of sight, to impress the man. \"I'm sorry. I just don't think I can teach a boy who's blind, as you are. If your sight ever returns, I bid you return, and we will try again.\" the man said. \"I can do it!\" Garrett insisted, \"Please, I know I have much to learn, but—\" \"Now listen, boy—I know Sir Lionel was fond of you, but there are many students I have to teach. He was a good man, may he rest in peace, but I simply cannot take on this hare-brained chore without him taking responsibility and shouldering some of the load. It has never been done—perhaps cannot be done! I have many times blessed your master and all who work in the stables for the good care of the horses, and I thank you—but perhaps your efforts are better spent there. I am sorry, Garrett. I cannot teach you.\" . *~*~*~*~*~*AT THE FIRESIDE*~*~*~*~*~* . \" Without Sir Lionel, the people who had muttered before doubled—even tripled—overnight. Those who had never dared to scorn or mock me, when Sir Lionel had seemed fond of me, felt the freedom to do as they pleased. My life, once so full of hope, became very bitter.\" Garrett said, voice itself sounding harsh and biting, once again, reflecting the bitterness he mentioned instead of the fanciful softness of nostalgia that had resonated through it previously as he told his tale. Kayley was in awe of her father, the goodness she had always known thrown into such stark clarity, in how he had changed a poor boy's life—the boy whose unfortunate lot in life had led him to grow into the man before her, now. Unfortunately, the story continued. Hugo had died the following spring. And Garrett, devoid now of both opportunity and purpose, had suffered through the months until his fifteenth birthday, then left for the forest, to begin his hermitage. Garrett pointed out, almost bitterly and wistfully at once, how Sir Lionel had been a rock of trust, a pillar of belief in Garrett's strengths, after he had lost his sight...the only one who had truly believed in the blinded boy. Anyone else who had seemed to entertain the possibility of such a child making anything of himself had really only been placing trust in Sir Lionel, and in the knight's judgment. Once Sir Lionel's strength and faith were gone...there was none left, from anyone, for Garrett. The hopes the blind man once had, as a boy, of becoming a Knight of the Round Table had died—died with Sir Lionel, who had, in life, believed in him. \"My feelings were much the same, when my father died. The only thought that kept me strong was that he would never have wanted or tolerated my giving up!\" Kayley said fervently. Garrett, who had been sitting with his hands bracing his forehead, bent over his knees, remained still, not responding...so Kayley continued. \"He would not wish for you to give up, either. You are the equal of any knight in Camelot, by sheer strength of heart!\" At those words, Garrett pulled his head from his hands, turning his face toward her in clear surprise. \"You truly believe this?\" he asked, disbelief evident. Kayley was wise enough, this time, not to be indignant over the potential insult there, of implications she would lie. Instead, she saw his surprise for what it was, and reached out gently to assure him through his self-doubt. \"I am sure of it.\" she insisted. They lapsed into a comfortable quiet, for a short time. Several minutes later, Ayden returned and stood on a log, cleaning the blood from his talons. \"Good hunt?\" Garrett asked companionably, no hint of the previous deep conversation in his tone. I am satisfied. It is a relief to eat fresh meat after days hidden from the sun. Affirmed the fey falcon, taking care to tend to each toe with equal attention. Garrett nodded with satisfaction, and Kayley wondered again at the closeness that the two shared. Hearing his story, it was like a veil had been lifted from her eyes. She saw him differently, somehow, saw different motives and attributes behind his frequent shortness and the brusqueness about him. Garrett set about preparing a pot for stew. Ayden disappeared into the trees, though they were peripherally aware that he was nearby. They did not begrudge him his respite, nor his privacy, as he cleaned and preened himself. As the stew was ready, only needing time, Garrett settled himself back down where he had told his story. They both sat, still and almost entirely unmoving, uncertain of how to breach the pregnant silence that stretched between them in the aftermath of the many revelations of the night. \"...I could train you.\" Garrett finally said abruptly, voice intruding into the quiet that had previously been tense, though broken only by crackles of the fire. \"I'm sorry?\" Kayley asked—though she wasn't sure herself if she hadn't heard properly or if the words were simply that difficult to believe. \"You mentioned that your father would not have wanted you to give up. I could teach you what I know. About the forest—and about...defending yourself.\" Garret added uncomfortably, not quite certain how to teach a lady such things, given his situation. Still, it was clear that Kayley had those who wished to harm her. If she, too, longed to serve the king—especially on a journey like this one—she would need to know some degree of the skills that her own father had once taught to Garrett. \"You would do that, for me?\" Kayley asked, genuinely surprised. Garrett schooled his features well, but only after an initial flicker of something Kayley couldn't pick up. The hermit wondered, privately, if he had been so harsh that she was shocked by any kindness he might offer her. \"Your father did as much for me, Noblewoman—and more.\" he answered quietly. So many things were on the tip of his tongue. How Sir Lionel had spoken of his only heir, the fiery daughter he knew was somehow, as strange as it might sound, equal in spirit to a son. His hopes that she would study hard and become a worthy successor to his place, an honor-bound, lifelong vassal and servant of King Arthur. The pause of slight hesitance was just as full of tension and possibility. \"I accept. Thank you.\" she agreed formally. Garrett stood, and Kayley, blinking, scrambled up as well. Before she could ask him what was happening, he held up his staff, as if to show her. \"We shall have to share. I do not have another.\" he explained. Kayley was surprised—it seemed so sudden, to start right now! Still, she dared not object, uncertain of whether or not his brusque mood would return. Beyond that, the question of why not now was equally valid. They were not otherwise occupied, simply waiting for food to cook and companions to return. Kayley followed Garrett a short distance, until he raised a hand, sweeping along the ground with his staff. \"My technique has changed, somewhat, since the loss of my sight. But it should serve this purpose equally well.\" One of the fanged plants that had bitten Kayley early on in their journey sprung out, suddenly clear to her vision from the many growths from which it had been nearly undistinguishable, when it was still. She started, barely biting off a gasp. The hermit was kind enough not to comment. Instead, he simply announced the basic steps. \"Face my fears,\" he repeated in a rote sort of tone, as if chanting a mantra, \"then hold my ground until the last possible moment.\" he explained, squarely facing the vicious plant for long enough to make Kayley nervous, as it began to thrash and retract—readying, she was sure, for a severe strike! \"Patiently waiting for Ayden's signal...\" he continued, and as if on cue, the falcon darted down, shrieking a cry that triggered the hermit to sidestep the fangs of the angry plant, then quickly counter with a blow of his own, \"...to evade! Then, of course, I attack if possible.\" he added. Still, evading danger seemed a better starting point, for Kayley. From the moment they had met, she had been running from trouble! \"I-I see.\" she said, though she didn't have the same confidence in her own ability to execute even those simple steps. She wasn't accustomed to danger—or to holding her ground, in the physical sense. While she had some degree of stubbornness, the physical aspects of confrontation had never been encouraged or discussed with her. \"It is simple, Noblewoman. Here—now you try.\" he instructed, holding out the staff for her. She approached him nervously, hesitating enough that he closed the distance, helping her take the proper stance. Kayley did not object, despite how unaccustomed she still was to being in such close proximity to any males at all. Garrett simply wasn't used to human contact in general, anymore, and the revelation of this strange, stubborn woman's relation to his beloved mentor and personal hero made it all the more uncomfortable for him, as well—though he skillfully covered any uncertainty with his usual nonchalance and brusqueness. They recited the steps together, and he released her and stepped away backwards as soon as it was feasible, leaving her to face the opponent. Kayley moved and tried to swing at the plant, but her evasion came just before Ayden's signal, pushed forward by nerves and inexperience. The plant's strike met her own, the force shoving the untrained woman back, causing her to lose her balance and stumble, right into a warm, solid object—which quickly braced and steadied her, as it was Garrett himself. She looked up, embarrassed both at her failure and the repeated contact, though she was grateful not to have found herself sprawled on the ground. \"You moved prematurely.\" he noted honestly, though Kayley could sense it was without scorn. She blinked, dazed, and nodded, murmuring an admission. Suddenly, she was stumbling back—though she caught herself without falling—as the dragon brothers slithered clumsily past the two humans, bumping them awkwardly with another cony they had clumsily wrapped with their mid-section. They made a strange sight, something between waddling, slithering, and crawling along, the tight hold on the prey clearly affecting their movement horribly. A token of our gratitude. Came Devon's voice. Yesss, we will share thisss prey I have brought...! Cornwall agreed enthusiastically. Devon took offense to his exclusion, and the brothers awkwardly snapped at one another, the very prey they discussed impeding their abilities to move normally. It took all of Kayley's strength not to bark out a laugh at the bizarre sight. Garrett, however, was less than amused. \"Are you quite finished?\" he growled, annoyed. The hissing and snapping stopped, and the two dragons faced him, heads weaving slightly, adding to their serpentine impression, as much as they objected to the comparison. Why doesss it matter to you, human? Cornwall asked, annoyance bordering the cool, almost curious tone behind the question. \"You have a vice grip on your supposed offering—it will be pulverized juice if you do not calm down soon.\" Kayley pointed out softly, hoping to avoid an argument. \"May we take and prepare it, to add to our stew? You could share, if you'd like.\" she suggested. Devon piped up at that. An interesssting proposssition...we ate prey in the foressst. But I would try thisss ssstew you mention... \"Very well. You may taste it, and gladly. There will be more than enough, with this addition. Thank you.\" Kayley graciously distracted them, approaching and taking the cony they offered as they uncoiled from it. In that quiet part of her mind where they \"spoke\" to the rest of the party, Kayley could hear the silent sound of their pleased humming as the dragons' heads swayed, each brother clearly pleased with himself for the praise. Kayley found it amusing and endearing, somehow, despite their alien natures. Garrett approached and wordlessly took the animal from her, experience allowing him to prepare and add it to the stew in short order. It would not increase the necessary time to cook the stew too drastically. Now there was only to wait.[Chapter 18] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I know it's been a long while again — but I absolutely refused to let it reach a year without posting a new chapter, even if it's only short by a few months! Thank you all for bearing with me. It's been a crazy stretch. I had to make up the clerkship I missed when I was ill, and then I was playing catch-up trying to get applications together. Despite some hurdles, I seem to have somehow gotten everything else completed on time, so that I can match and graduate with the rest of my class. Interview season has been stressful, and I have been traveling so much. It is so exciting to see so many parts of the country, so many places I had never been! Nevertheless, it is very stressful and taxing; I'm a little overwhelmed. Making my list and drawing ever-nearer to The Match has been stressful, as well, and I can only hope for the best. While I have some degree of say, it is really not my choice, where I go next year. I'm hopeful, and I think any of the places on my list would be wonderful, but the uncertainty and self-questioning is especially stressful. Still, every notification e-mail—every follow, favorite, and especially every comment!—has warmed my heart tremendously, giving me the drive to keep planning and renewing my enthusiasm to come back and get these chapters finished and up for you! Thank you all so much. It means the world to me! I am sorry it was so long in the coming, but I hope, readers and followers, that you still think it is worth waiting and reading! . . . Chapter 18: One Step Forward, Two Steps Back . The following morning, they got up and headed straight off again. As if sensing her anxiety to press onward, Garrett silently set a quick pace. In the forest, above ground, Devon and Cornwall kept up, though it didn't stop them from occasionally complaining around their arguing. Without drawing overmuch attention to it, Garrett made sure to note little secrets of traveling and the forest itself in passing; from foraging tips to avoiding and treating poisonous things, he kept what was—compared to his previous habits—a shocking amount of polite conversation going, even if that only meant a simple, matter-of-fact comment about a plant or an animal every once in a while. To Kayley, whose mind kept winding itself in anxious circles about the fate of her mother and her people whenever the silence stretched on for too long, it was a welcome distraction. She wasn't certain how much of the lessons she was truly absorbing, being used to a quiet, firm setting for studies. Still, she had a quick mind, and tried to commit as much of it as she could to memory. It felt good to have full waterskins and a trickle of foraged foods building, again. Kayley still remembered how wonderful that first sight of a river—of fresh, cold water!—had seemed after the days in the tunnel. The things she was learning were practical and useful. Which plants were poisonous, which were safe. She remarked once, accidentally, that a plant was an interesting shade. She immediately froze, mortified at the slip, waiting to see if Garrett would take offense. To her great, shock, though, he merely frowned a moment, then spoke. \"Interesting. You shall have to tell me of any interesting visual qualities. Needless to say, I could not have known.\" Garrett, too, was uncomfortable with this revelation, gingerly feeling the way in this new situation of tutelage. He had no reason, before, to even care or consider what the visual aspects of the forest had been. He had not been able to speak with Ayden as clearly as he now could to ask, and he never would have, regardless. What use had he seen in such a question? He had hardly even stopped to wonder. He only cared how to tell things by smell and touch, or by the feeling of them—when he was not concerned it could be nettle or some other, more dangerous, harmful-to-touch sort of plant. Generally, though, Ayden was at least good at warning him against that, and over time, he had learned where certain patches of useful plants grew, near his hut, to use when he was alone, the fey raptor off to hunt (or so Garrett generally assumed.) When they stopped for a short break to eat again at midday, Garret took an extra few minutes to show her some strikes with his staff. She performed them each a few times, with Garrett only listening for impact. Ayden fluffed his feathers, giving a soft cry of approval at her attempts—or so she assumed, since he spoke no words through that fey, silent speech. As they walked on, Kayley found herself wondering if he refrained so that the still-somewhat-uncomfortable sensation would not distract him. Somehow, the falcon always seemed far more intuitive and observant than the dragons. For beings of their supposed centuries, they truly did behave in some ways like children. Perhaps it was part of their situation, ever in a limbo of being \"hatchlings\" when they long ago should have grown. But then, dragons in general were so alien, to Kayley, that perhaps she simply never understood their ways. They stopped to make supper, eventually, Garrett somehow sensing with eerie accuracy the fall of evening, as far as Kayley could tell by the ebbing of the already-dim light that filtered through the trees. Ayden flew up past the canopy, circled, and gave one long cry that rang with controlled excitement in the silent \"ears\" of Kayley's mind. He appeared once again through the trees, perching nearby. We near the place where I attacked the gryphon. He informed them, seeming pleased. \"How much father is it?!\" Kayley asked, somehow desperate and excited at once. Perhaps half a day's travel, for you on the ground. Ayden noted. Naturally, he could cover more distance, flying above the trees. Kayley had the unusual feeling of wishing she could fly, too, rushing over water and trees, unimpeded by the lay of the land! She pushed aside those foolish thoughts, and quickly made a suggestion. \"We could push through the night—we could reach it by morning!\" she pointed out, excited. There was a low hiss, and she could sense Devon and Cornwall's wariness, but they didn't object. Another member of the party, however, immediately did. \"No—we make camp.\" \"What?! Goodman—\" Kayley started to object, but Garrett interrupted her, seemingly having expected her disagreements. \"Nobody travels through the Forbidden Forest at night.\" he stated simply. \"My father, Sir Lionel, would have! He would never risk another moment that could allow Excalibur and the fate of the kingdom— or my mother, and our people—to fall through his hands!\" \"You know not of what you speak.\" Garret said firmly, voice darker. \"We make camp.\" he declared firmly, leaving no room for argument. Without another word, he began to set up. Kayley, furious, debated with herself on striking it out alone. The dragons might come with her, but she was uncertain if Ayden would follow her, without Garrett. The falcon had not added any input to the discussion. She wouldn't dare try to press him, either—and without him or Garrett, she would never have even the slightest chance of making it to Excalibur, even with it so near. Her movements were sharp and loud—even her footsteps sounded heavier than usual, and the thought came to her unbidden that Lady Juliana would tell her sharply not to stomp, if she heard them. The thought of her mother, captive and in unknown condition, only further soured her mood. A silent fury was boiling in her, mostly at Garrett, but also at her inability to defy his wishes and foolish stubbornness, to do what seemed like the best—the only —course of action. A whole night's travel, they were losing, all because he wouldn't even consider pressing on instead of resting. She found herself gritting her teeth as she slammed down her blankets to set up. At least she didn't have to worry about Devon and Cornwall sliding it with her. The twin dragons were apparently warm enough without her heat, in the forest. They did not . *~*~*~*~*~*THE FOLLOWING MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . Will we reach thisss place sssoon? Devon asked curiously, and Ayden screeched as he flew ahead. It will not be long. Patience, dragonlings. Cornwall and Devon both hissed faintly, a discontent kind of grumbling feeling, more than sound, reaching Kayley through the silence. She did not like that part of the silent speech—sensing even their emotions was uncomfortable, and their discontent somehow seemed to ebb into her through the sensation, making already-raw nerves worse. They had woken and walked in silence, eating of their foraged food. She was still angry, and Garrett seemed determined not to acknowledge the tension, instead falling back on his brusque, taciturn personality. That in itself was a frustration, too. Time and time again, she saw plants she thought she recognized from the previous day's lessons, but her pride and her anger would not allow her to speak first—certainly not to beg lessons of the pigheaded man. Ayden continued to avoid commenting, but whether it was because he had stock in the argument or because he wished not to interfere, Kayley could not tell. She doggedly put one foot in front of the other, hurrying ever onward, grouchily hoping that they would find Excalibur soon. By Garrett's original estimate of the distance, they should be nearing Camelot within some days' time. Hopefully before the three weeks it would take Ruber's wagons, on the main road. Again, fear stabbed through her—would they even know, if something happened? If Ruber reached Camelot? He had not been with the caravan, when he attempted to waylay them—if he was so willing to leave and chase her down personally, was her mother even still— no ! She couldn't think this way! She refused to let her thoughts linger on such things, almost superstitiously avoiding it as a bad omen. Why invoke miseries rather than good possibilities? She silently repeated yet another prayer, hurrying a little bit faster through the underbrush. It was perhaps an hour, or a little longer, when Ayden suddenly cried and flew ahad. A thrill of excitement and fear together shot through Kayley, who scrambled forward, suddenly coming to a slight clearing, with Garrett a few steps ahead. She looked around, confused, running forward to pick up something she saw ahead on a clear patch of ground. \"But...I don't understand.\" she lamented, desperately, turning the hard, leather item over in her hand, running her fingers down the surface and across the insignia etched into it. \"This must be from Excalibur...but 'tis only the scabbard! Where is the sword...?!\" Panic and anguish started to rise in her chest. \"Someone must have taken it.\" she decided. She clenched the scabbard tightly, tears stinging her eyes. A sharp hiss interrupted before she could speak again, and she flinched against her will. Thievesss! Devon's \"voice\" came through the silence. They will feel our teeth! Cornwall insisted, an oddly bloodthirsty eagerness coloring the words, somehow. They will suffer our clawsss, Devon added, also vindictive, for making Lady Kayley weep! Mortified, uncertain how they had even known she was starting to cry, she suddenly spun toward the last member of the party. \"This is all your fault!\" she snapped at him, as he felt something along the ground. \"My fault?!\" he asked in shock and annoyance, but crouched anyway and started to feel along the ground. \"Yes! Perhaps if we had continued, as I desired, we would have come to this place before whomever has stolen the sword!\" He stood, turning his head, as if focused. She didn't care that he seemed to be trying to find a way to track whomever might have taken the sword—her fear and anger were too great. \"Quiet.\" Garrett cautioned, but it only served to infuriate her more. He would hear her condemnation! \"We should have kept going! My mother, my people—\" \" Hush !\" \"The whole kingdom was counting on us!\" \"Please—I need to hear —\" Garrett started, but he was cut off with a cry of agony as an arrow shot past him, slicing open his side. The fell instantly, hitting the ground hard. \"Garrett!\" Kayley cried, panic overshadowing all else. Sprawled weakly on the ground, red spreading alarmingly quickly from the gash of the arrow, Garrett suddenly looked much more like the helpless image of a blind man she might have expected, weeks before. \"GET THEM!\" a voice roared, and Kayley felt as though she'd been doused in ice-water. She ran toward Garrett, the need to escape overshadowing all else. He looked pale, but reached out, trying to push himself back up despite his trembling. As fast as she ran toward the hermit...Ruber was faster. He was nearly upon the man, sword arm back for what Kayley knew would be a deadly blow to the injured, fallen hermit. \" No !\" she cried, anguished, reaching her arms out futilely—but thankfully, Ayden was faster on wing than the young woman on foot. He swooped down with a cry, beating his wings furiously in the man's face just for the few beats necessary to distract him...and allow Garrett to swing his staff behind him, toward the cry. Ayden darted off and out of the way of a swipe geared toward him , and Kayley grabbed Garrett, yaning him up with a might she didn't usually have, spurned onward by fear and desperation alone. She struggled to keep him upright as he hobbled, trying to hurry with her, limping and using his staff as a crutch, rather than the tool it usually seemed to be, in his hand. Ayden darted ahead, and she followed his flight path. She hurried them under vines and off at an angle, deeper into the forest, not sure where she was even going. The dragons hissed and sputtered, scurrying with a speed Kayley had seen before, but that was unexpected, given their form. They dodged slashes aimed at them by the metal servants of the evil renegade. The metal men sliced through the thicket to chase them—and the forest seemed to awaken in fury at the damage. Tree limbs waved as if in a breeze, and Kayley felt an eerie prickling in the same area she normal heard the silent voices of Ayden and the dragons. Garrett was slumping further with every step, and Kayley's arm was sticky and wet, and her stomach clenched. Ruber was gaining on them, his metal men in the lead. Garrett started to sag, and she couldn't hold him up. She let him slump toward the ground, and desperately looked behind, at the thrashing trees...and desperation pushed her to act. She grabbed a vine, and cast it toward one of the angry, monstrous branches, a long, dangerous-looking growth on the end of it. As the metal men passed, Ruber close behind, ever closing the gap between them...she yanked . As if on cue, the branch attacked! Kayley didn't hesitate to assess their damage, but grabbed Garret again, and pulled ! He struggled to stand with her assistance— but there wasn't time ! Terrified, she wrapped her arm around his middle and half-dragged him upward with her, hurrying him back deeper into the forest, toward safety. Or so she could only hope, as she guided them after Ayden's trajectory, hoping their stumbling travel wasn't leaving an obvious trail. . *~*~*~*~*~*ALONG THE ROAD*~*~*~*~*~* . Lady Juliana didn't know what the sense was, that distracted her from her distant thoughts, but she looked up, and out the window. She was somehow unsettled, and listened carefully, wondering if she had heard the cry of wild animals, or some other warning. When she could make nothing out in the night, she only looked up at the moon, hoping it was lighting her daughter's way despite the heavy clouds swirling around it. It had been two weeks. They had been making fast time—impossible time! Juliana had never seen such haste, and for good reason. They pushed the horses to death, time and time again, simply stealing more from nearby farms or waylaying passers-by to take their mounts. It filled her with disgust. She couldn't help but look away, unable to stomach watching the poor travelers' fates. But with these cruel, impossible speeds...they were growing ever nearer to Camelot. She would have expected such a distance to take almost three weeks, at least! Her first fear was that they would catch her daughter, who would be recaptured, maybe harmed for escaping. Juliana would do all in her power not to let her daughter be harmed. She would rather take punishment, instead. But as the days drew on, and they did not encounter Kayley, Juliana's heart was torn between joy and grief. She hoped beyond anything she had ever hoped before, that she might have escaped, or hidden. Juliana could face the gates of Camelot, if she had not arrived, and was prepared to do her duty and alert them to the ruse, at the gates, if she could. Still, her treacherous heart grew more and more afraid, especially when she heard nothing even of Ruber's mad ranting, and she saw no signs of her guards even looking for their escaped prisoner. \"O my daughter...please, be safe.\" Juliana whispered, staring into the night. One of the metal man, hearing her speak, clambered through from the front, where he had been spurning on these latest horses, and snarled. \"Nobody can stop our master's plans!\" the monstrosity growled, muddled voice sounding only half-human. Juliana's stomach clenched in disgust—the hunger was such a constant that she had thought it could clench no tighter, but she had clearly been mistaken. Rather than cower from the beastly hybrid, though, she instead straightened and sat taller , despite her chained hands. \"You clearly have no familiarity with my daughter!\" she asserted, chin high and proud, bracing to be hit with metal weapon-hands. The abomination simply growled in clear disbelief, but climbed back through the flaps of the wagon to steer the horses, which were already slowing without his abusive \"encouragement\" to force them onward. Juliana relaxed her posture only when he was back at his post. A sudden clap of thunder had her whipping her head to look back out through the opening on the side of the wagon. Heart sinking, seeing the rain start to fall even as the sound of it pounding on the wagon began, she comforted herself thinking that, in the downpour, her few silent tears would hardly be noticed.[Chapter 19] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I was hopeful to use the slight laxity that comes with nearing the end of this educational journey to try to finish more of the journey of writing this fic! It's oddly fitting, to me, that—at least for the moment—both journeys seem to be reaching parallel points, as they did at the beginning, when I started this. I never expected, back then, everything that would happen or even just how long it would take! Between medical school, my mother's cancer, my own illness, and just the general insanity of life...a lot has happened. Thank you all for making this journey with me. I've learned not to make promises, but we'll see this through somehow! I just don't want to give the impression I will update more regularly and then fail to follow through. Lately, I've been very stressed with rank lists coming up (they are due in two hours, and while mine is submitted and ready, I am very nervous over whether or not I've made good decisions). I was going to post this later, but instead, I have been so stressed, that I thought posting it and maybe sharing some of what I wrote to try to make myself calm down...could help me feel better? It's shaky logic, but I'm excited to have finished another chapter so soon! Speaking of which...I have a conundrum, and I would appreciate input. As we near the end of the movie...it occurs to me that, in my version, this ending would be fairly abrupt, with not much explaining the resolution of many circumstances that have arisen. I have some ideas, of how a longer adaptation would go, if I were to create my own explanations to fill in the gaps and tie all the loose ends. I am uncertain, however, given my original objective as staying as true to the order/events as possible, if I want to bridge into this wholly new set of situations and new continuity, completely distinct from the original. What do you, readers of this fic, think? Should I just end it abruptly? Should I add the extra parts? I'm very torn. On an ironic note, given all that talk at the top of ending up back like how we started...if certain parts of this chapter seem familiar to you...? It's probably because they are! . . . Chapter 19: On Death's Doorstep . The pain—it was searing. He felt...warm. And cold. The rain beat down on them, and he couldn't resist its force, struggling to stay upright against its relentless fists beating him down. With his minimal strength, he was forced to let Kayley help him, even his own reluctance to touch people stripped by the desperate situation as she half-guided, half-dragged him. Where they were going, he wasn't even sure. There was a sticky spot on his side—where it had so recently been a pool of warmth in sharp contrast to the rest of his cold, drenched tunic, it was now just as chill and uncomfortable in the onslaught. Through that bone-deep exhaustion spreading over him, he yearned for the warmth again, even though the more rational part of him knew that it couldn't be good to lose so much of his lifeblood. How deep was the gash in his side? He couldn't exactly tell. His senses were dulling. Would he faint? He clung to Kayley, strength and feeling ebbing from his legs. Was he bleeding so much, still? Or was he perhaps poisoned, and that sapping his strength? How long had they been half-walking, half-running, fleeing while they could, through the cold and unrelenting rain? ...and then, suddenly, the rain was gone. His legs, which had only kept going through sheer strength of will, gave out, and the girl—so much smaller than he was, in frame!—was only half able to stop his collapse, managing to lean him down against a rock. He groaned, head swimming, not fully able to focus. He grunted and flinched, crying out mindlessly as she pressed something into his side. Was his tunic was so torn that the wound was exposed...? He wanted to check, but he couldn't muster the strength even to move into a position where he could probe his own wounds. The curiosity was utterly gone as white-hot pain stabbed through him, and he cried out again, against his will. His consciousness was slipping as the fiery torment of Kayley's ministrations tore through him again and again, as the noblewoman pulled blood-soaked fabric and grime from the outdoors and the ragged edges of the tunic out of the wounds. She spoke, sounding anguished, but he couldn't make out the words. He pushed himself, trying to use her speech to focus, to cling to consciousness—he could not let himself slip away from such misery. Not from Sir Lionel's daughter. He had to make things right by her— before he let himself sleep. He had done wrong by her, he knew. He had been wrong about her. He was so certain that the bullheaded young lady who had stumbled upon him so lost and fearful and utterly useless , or so he had thought, was just another spoiled town woman, probably trained up from a young age to attract the eye of some suitable courtier, or at worst a wealthy merchant. He had assumed she was shallow, narrow-minded, and weak—by merely falling into his sheltered forest range, she had grown into a bogey of the things he had been trying to escape, for all these years. He had let the bitterness, the long-buried anger at circumstances and prejudice, influence him, and while he hadn't admitted it to himself for a time, he had taken it out on her. But she hadn't been what he'd expected. Over the long days, it became clear that, despite her comparatively spoiled nature and her obstinate pride, she burned with purpose. Rather than the helpless town lady he thought would have to turn around with Ayden after a day's true march, she had pushed on with startling fortitude. Their path was not overburdened by complaints and moaning and self-pity, as he had expected from the privileged woman, but rather with a resolute determination that, even from behind the lenses of his own, embittered prejudice, he had been forced, begrudgingly, to admire. \"I...am so sorry.\" Kayley whispered, not knowing how the pain she felt was evident in the words. \"The fault of this horror lies entirely on me, and I—\" What else was there even to say? No words would undo this, she knew, as she hastily grabbed some leaves from some plants at the mouth of the cave. She thought they were ones he had pointed out as safe, before, but she feared what might happen if she were wrong. Ayden had flown ahead and pointed them toward this place, but he had doubled back. Whether it was to lead their pursuers astray, or simply to scout out the area, or to look for further signs of Excalibur, or any other reason, she could not even hazard a guess. She wished she had his knowledge and guidance now, in this desperate hour, when she couldn't help but think that all seemed lost. She pressed the leaves into his wound, flinching as her eyes stung at his feverish cries. He didn't seem to hear her, unseeing eyes even more empty than usual, somehow. \"If it weren't for my accursed pride, my foolish stubbornness and—and selfishness ! Why, though I knew you were most familiar with these forest ways, did I not hold my tongue when you moved to quiet me?!\" she asked, furious with herself. She had failed her guide, who had taken on a quest despite having cut all ties to Camelot. She had failed the King, who was without Excalibur, and who would have no warning of Ruber's upcoming attack. She had failed her people, who, captive, would surely be doomed to die regardless of the outcome of the battle. And she had failed her mother—her poor mother, still in the hands of that evil brute, that twisting renegade who had killed her father! She had failed even his memory, betraying now all he loved and everything for which he had stood—for which he had died . \"I...I'm no help to anyone.\" she whispered bitterly, her heart shrinking and hardening, full of venomous self-hatred. She sucked in a shaky breath, belying her Garrett's breaths were shallow and painful, quick. His heart was fluttering, feeling weak and uncomfortable in this unnatural rhythm of its beats. He tried to cling to her words, even ones he hardly wanted to hear, from her, anything to focus, to hold on, to fight that desire—that tempting, pressing desire—to just sleep . But at her final words, such a vehement opposition rose in him that the fluttering in his chest became painful, and his heart gave a firmer thump or two as he forced himself closer to consciousness. He groaned with the pain, and leaned into it, trying to turn. Somehow, he managed to roll slightly, and with gargantuan effort, somehow managed to reach up his arm, thankfully, reaching her shoulder. How could he possibly explain to her, how the opposite was true—how very much she had helped him ? It had been a humbling blow, to hear her invoke Sir Lionel's name, that night in the tunnels. Only once that great man had been mentioned again before him, so starkly brought to mind—and with such a shocking revelation!—had he been able to face his own self-deceit. In contrast to the man who had looked at him and seen his inner potential, who had continued to believe in Garrett's heart despite the injury to his body, who had pushed him to be all he could be, without being limited by the blinders of tradition and usual expectations of a lowly stable boy...Garrett had been only too ready to hide behind his loathing of all he had left behind and let it color his feelings toward the woman. And he had been hiding, he realized after—he had pushed her away, into a category of somebody not worth considering, perhaps because he hadn't wanted to suffer through being cast aside as if he were scum himself. Living as a hermit made a man introspective by necessity. Over the years, Garrett had come to know himself rather well. That long, sleepless night had been an unpleasant one, full of facing more of those hidden, bitter bits that he did not much like to begin with. Let alone after realizing the wrong he had done to—of all people!— Sir Lionel's own daughter . He had been forced to reevaluate himself...and her. He had almost felt the truth of the statement before he could think through it. She was, without a doubt, Sir Lionel's daughter. Her actions were suddenly in a new light. Despite his blindness, she had never seemed repulsed by him, had she? Surprised, perhaps—though how could he expect otherwise, when he knew how few blind men a noblewoman had likely met, and if any at all, certainly none who were able-bodied as he was. Because Sir Lionel had taught him to be. She had called him \"Goodman,\" and sought his counsel reasonably humbly, treating him with dignity despite the obvious difference in their stations. She had remained mostly polite, if occasionally frustrated, despite all his brusqueness and rudeness—so much, on his part, that she had been seemingly shocked by the generosity in his offer to pass on her father's lessons to her. He had been ashamed of his behavior, then. And yet, unlike his suspicious, bitter heart, which would have questioned such an offer, still she had answered him in earnest, giving him the opportunity to prove his good intentions. Like her father, she had given him a second chance. With her openness, she freed him, allowed him to make of himself what he would be, rather than what he was. He had meant to use the remainder of their journey to prove, perhaps more to himself than to her, that both were the sort of man Sir Lionel would have wanted him to be—had believed he was , even. It seemed unlikely, now, that he would have more opportunity to do so. He hoped he had, even if only slightly, succeeded. He was too weak. Too tired. His mind was sluggish and exhausted, barely clinging to the consciousness he grasped with such efforts. Even the breath to spead to her was hard to suck in as deeply as he needed, in order to talk. His touch seemed to have startled her, and she responded to him quickly, reaching out, grabbing his hand in both of hers. So small! It was startling, even knowing that the young woman must, of necessity, have a smaller stature than a grown man. Yet, despite her size, she was so strong! Unlike the spoiled town-dwelling ladies he had known in his youth, her hands were firm, her grip strong as the rest of her—inside and out. She had somehow managed to support him as they fled, despite his bigger bulk from years of living and growing tough in the Forbidden Forest. She had clung to hope and her duty, despite merciless odds, torn from her life, from all she had known, and even her obvious privilege. She had hardly wept, despite her obvious fear and loss—she had stood strong and pressed onward, keeping his pace, somehow not bowing under the weight of her mother, her people, and all of Camelot, depending on her. Garrett had the strange, half-delirious thought that she must truly be very beautiful, if her beauty shone so brightly that even he could see it clearly, despite his ruined eyes. He gasped painfully, forcing a deeper breath down into his searing lungs than the ragged, raspy, shallow ones that had been sustaining him. He needed that greater reserve to try to say something—anything—to try to express himself, a feeling that he somehow needed to express everything , with urgency, in his limited time. \"Shh. Shh, shh... you're wrong .\" he rasped, before taking several more shallow, choked breaths. He heard her bite back a sob, a gasping sound so similar to his own labored breathing that he were even more revolted by its existence. No. No! he told the fates, warning them against such a parallel. Better it be Garrett, wounded this way— never Sir Lionel's daughter. The man had been right about his daughter, Garrett knew. Even years later, the woman was as strong, fiery, and full of spirit as Sir Lionel had told Garrett she had been as a girl, long ago, when they were both children—as much as he had been upset by the idea of being compared to a little girl . He reached his hand up from hers, his whole body crying with the effort, and touched her face. She flinched at the touch, so slightly that he might not have noticed if he were not so accustomed to paying attention to his hands, but as she immediately bowed her head and his fingers touched brow rather than cheek, he realized she was ashamed of her tears. He forced his hand again, more purposefully, wiping them away. She did not draw away. In fact, when he dared to cup her cheek in his palm, she leaned softly into his hand—this dear, gentle woman, for all her pride and stubbornness, who had somehow grown on him over the journey, who had swept away the last of the barriers he had against her by revealing her father and his own prejudices. \"It's been...many years...since I've seen the stars.\" Garrett said between thin gasps. \"Close your eyes...describe them to me...?\" he asked. His arm was starting to tremble with the effort of holding it up. Somehow, his side seemed to be numbing. He was grateful for it, but in the back of his mind, he knew his time must be drawing near, to start to feel nothing but numbness in his body. Well...numbness, and the call of that tempting, blissful sleep, beckoning him ever more strongly. He dared to indulge his curiosity, tracing his shaking hand across her cheek, over her closed eyes, the bridge of her nose, across the other side, and up her brow, smoothing her hair down. \"Through your eyes...how the heavens...must sparkle.\" Kayley could hardly respond, her breath catching at the intimate gesture as he smoothed down her hair. But more strongly, she felt icy fear stab through her. So unguarded...he knew. His time was growing close, and he wasn't fighting much more but then to stay awake, to have company in his final hours. Or maybe minutes. Inside, she yelled the same things she had pleaded when she first help him collapse more gently onto the floor of this cave: Please — don't die! I cannot do this on my own...! His hand, still shaking, started to slip off her hair, dropping, and she desperately grabbed it in both of hers again. \"It is...\" she lied, the hiss of rain behind her ignored. In the darkness, the clouds and torrent undoubtedly blocking out any possibility of seeing them, she embraced the absence of her vision and closed her eyes, as he had requested. \"For just a smile from you, for your steady heart, they shine even more brightly.\" she assured him softly. Her words lent him some kind of peace. When had she started—so subtly and slowly that he hadn't even noticed—to mean something to him that he couldn't understand, that he couldn't admit ...not even to himself? Until now, perhaps, that was. Now that he was about to lose it, now that he wouldn't otherwise have had the chance to admit it at all. He clung to those words, finding himself a new kind of exhausted, a kind of weariness he had never experienced, not through the busy working days as a stableboy, nor in all the years of the hard life in the Forbidden Forest. Despite the lingering damp on her skin from their flight, her small hands were warm around his. That gentle, soothing tone...he could just fall asleep, now, he knew, at peace, if she stayed there with him. He struggled, trying to cling to consciousness for just a moment longer, trying to say just another word, suddenly wanting to savor every last moment in her presence. He struggled to sit up, as if positioning himself less fit for sleep would help him fight the quiet coming over him. His hand was so cold. They were both cold, and wet, she knew, and she would have been trying to find some way to make a fire, if it would do any good. The rain would have dampened any possible wood or kindling nearby...and it wouldn't do to leave him now. To leave him alone, in these moments. So she held his clammy hand, the one that barely seemed to press back at all, and watched him, pain welling in her chest, no words fitting to speak. She almost lurched forward to help him, as he tried to sit up. Foolish man — he should save his strength! she fretted, even as the more sensible part of her asked back...for what? But her help wasn't needed. He sank back, body drooping...and she knew that he heard her no more.[Chapter 20] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I probably shouldn't be neglecting as much as I am to write these chapters. But the stress relief has been helpful. Thank you to everybody who replied about my \"dilemma\" concerning what to do for the ending! I am still happy to hear thoughts from anybody...I guess I'll have to make my final decision when I get to that point! In other news...I matched! I'll be relocating in maybe two months, and starting my training in my specialty. As long as I do my duty and finish everything on my schedule...in one month and a day, I'll be a doctor! . . . Chapter 20: The Next Steps Forward . Kayley gently set his hand down next to his body, and started to sob in earnest, as she hadn't dared to do for fear of upsetting the calm in his last waking moments. His breathing was brisk and irregular, sounding harsher and more abnormal now than even moments before, when he had fought with it to speak. A soft keening reached her through those silent voices, and she was startled to remember that the dragons had escaped with them. She had forgotten their presence, and their silent, serpentine ways had prevented her noticing them as they huddled in the cave. Their movements were slow, after the icy rains had beaten down on them for a time, and she suddenly realized how inconsiderate it had been of her not to think of them before. If she and Garrett hadn't been so slow, with his injuries, she wondered if they could have kept up at all. The thought of Garrett's dire condition and the painful trek he had just been forced to suffer instead of resting and having his wounds tended immediately—would it have made a difference? Could she have saved him, then, despite the grave injuries he had attained? If he hadn't lost so much blood and strength, fleeing her father's enemy, and the enemy of the king? An enemy he need not have taken on—would never even have known to consider taking on—had she not interrupted his quiet hermitage? The guilt consumer her, and she choked on a sob again, reaching without thinking for the brothers and pulling them into her lap like children. Their startled hissing and palpable alarm in their silent voices would have caused her alarm and indignation only hours before. Now, she did not mind it. We did not caussse thisss! Cornwall objected. Unhand usss! Ssspare usss, we inflicted no harm on the human male you mourn... Devon cowered. \"N-no, I know. But you moved so slowly, I thought you must be too c-cold.\" Kayley spoke softly through her sniffles. A surprised curiosity reached her in that part of her mind where she \"heard\" their fey companions. Your concccern...it isss for usss? Devon asked, something considering stirring in the voice that Kayley could not place. \"I am concerned for Goodman Garrett, of course—he...his situation...it is very grave.\" Her voice wavered as she said this, the silence as she swallowed punctuated by the ragged breaths that only emphasized her point. \"But that does not mean I do not also hold care or concern for you two, who guided us so faithfully through the tunnels, despite the risks to yourselves.\" she explained. We have been faithful companionsss, yesss... Cornwall noted, greedily. \"You have. Despite the dangers, you have stuck with us, after pledging yourselves as our guides in the tunnels. You have been true and loyal. In these bleak times, it does well to remember one's friends.\" Friendsss...? Devon asked, and even Cornwall looked at her curiously. \"Well...yes. If that is not to forward. Certainly, you are the closest thing we have had, these last weeks. Goodman Garrett, Ayden, and I...\" she said quietly, and then she covered her face with her hands a moment, pressing against her eyes as if her hands could keep the tears at bay. A cool, dry, sleek touch on her arm made her look again sharply, parting her hands to look. Cornwall had leaned again against her arm, and she blinked at the brothers, hearing Devon's low, uncertain keening as he swiveled his head from side-to-side. After a moment's hesitation, she awkwardly wrapped her arms around their round frame, causing them to have to balance their feet on her right shoulder. At once she heard the silent cries of their alarm and confusion, but also the pleased hum of Cornwall's relief as her warmer skin transferred heat to their cold scales. Devon leaned his head on top of her hair as she continued to cry, and Cornwall greedily leaned his against the back of her neck for more warmth. They stayed there, nervously still, while Kayley cried and Garrett's breathing slowed in pace. Their discomfort was eased, however, when a raptor's cry rang out, closing in distance. Kayley straightened up, reflexively releasing them as she turned to see the entering falcon, and they quickly scrambled away, rejuvenated by the warmth and ready to be free of her disconcerting touch and grip. Ayden flew in swiftly, and flapped his wings, hovering a moment by Garrett. Kayley tried to bite back another sob as she felt the startled sensation come through his \"voice\" even before the words. But the words weren't what she expected. These leaves...! Where did you find them? \"Th-they were near the mouth of the cave...I thought they were safe!\" she fretted, reaching out frantically to pull them away, fearing she had hastened his death with poison or worse. Do not touch them! Ayden cautioned, and she yanked her hands back as though burnt. Look! See how they sink into his flesh? \"No...what have I done?!\" Kayley cried, but Ayden interrupted. Hush, fledgling...all is well. Ayden cooed, and Kayley tried to calm herself to listen. Of all the mystical plants in the forest, you have somehow chosen the one that might counteract the poison within him and heal these grave wounds. \"Poison?! But—the arrow—?!\" Indeed, it was coated. I had been searching for anything left behind that might tell us what they used, when I saw how quickly he fell. With the rain as it is, I found very little... At the falcon's words, Kayley shuddered. Eventually, I found a fragment of the arrowhead, cast aside and broken, destroyed by the living trees it grazed. \"Thank you...but...he will live?\" Kayley begged the silver-winged raptor. His voice sounded gentle, somehow, compared to his usual tone, which was as sharp as a falcon's sight. We must wait to see. But fate has smiled upon him once today, when you found the exact, rare herb that might yet save him. Mayhap it will continue to do so. Ayden pointed out. If you wish to tilt the odds in his favor —Kayley nodded furiously— you might press fresh leaves into the wound every two hours, or whenever the old are absorbed. Do not remove any. It will clean his blood, and knit his flesh together. \"Of course—I will do exactly as you have said.\" Kayley assured him quickly, and Ayden gave a satisfied nod, a faint sound of approval that could almost have been a screech echoing through the silent part of her mind where she heard his voice before. What shall we do to asssissst? Devon asked hesitantly, and Cornwall hissed in jealousy, wishing he had thought to ask first. Yesss...we can help the angry human alssso... the second brother agreed hastily. Kayley couldn't help but smile wryly to herself. \"For now?\" she asked, and thought a moment, before shaking her head helplessly. \"We wait.\" . *~*~*~*~*~*AT DAWN*~*~*~*~*~* . The sun was starting to creep in through the mouth of the cave, and Kayley jolted awake again, immediately looking to Garrett in a panic. She breathed a few, easier breaths, and sat up, clearing the fog from her mind once again—as she had throughout the night, to press fresh leaves into his wound...and to reassure herself that he was still breathing. He shivered as if with fever, yet he felt so cold to the touch that she feared giving him anything cool, instead piling the skins on top of him. Covering him now were all but for one, which she had reserved to protect herself and the dragons from the elements as they huddled beneath it, Ayden nearby, having declined for the time being. She was too afraid to build a fire, in case Ruber and his metal monstrosities were near. Looking at his wound was a bizarre exercise in self-restraint. The fey herb was just as otherworldly and unsettling as...truly, as everything else she had seen in the forest! Perhaps those experiences were what allowed her to control her horror at seeing the leaves sinking into his very flesh—perhaps they were what enabled her, in fact, to not only resist the impulse to pull the horrifying plants from his body, but to push fresh ones in after them, forcing the unnatural union forward. As much as she distrusted magic and the arcane, through the night, it had eased Garrett's breathing and stopped the blood seeping from his wound...so she would continue to do it. If it cleaned his blood of this poison, as Ayden suggested it could, it was worth the taint of fey magic on her hands. She tried not to think past that. Instead, she stole over to the mouth of the cave and picked more of the leaves thriving in the partial shade the shelter offered. She kept the fabric open wide, a sickening mouth, red-brown with the blood it had hungrily lapped up from his wound. The wound itself was starting to look solid, but the skin around it was taking on a greenish tint that—had she not seen the plants that sank into his body, and did she not recognize the pattern of leaf-veins in the odd edge of skin—would have frightened her more than any other sign of his grave illness. She smoothed down the protruding parts of the leaves from his wound, and this time, Garrett groaned and his face twitched in an unsettled, uncomfortable way. Kayley froze, hardly daring to breathe. \"Goodman! Do you hear me?\" she asked, hesitantly, not sure how to softly gain his attention if he were awakening, but not to disturb him if he were not. He took a few deeper gasps and moaned. She was about to stand to get more herbs, when something unexpected stopped her in her movement. \"Noblewoman...\" he started, voice sounding weak. Kayley grabbed his hand in both of hers again to let him know she was there. \"Where are the horses?\" Kayley hesitated, confused. Was he dreaming of his childhood? Of the fire? What could he possibly mean? \"Forgive me, Goodman Garrett...I am afraid there are no horses, here.\" \"Surely there must be.\" he objected mildly, \"I've never known anything else to trample a man as I feel I've been trampled.\" he noted, before giving a couple small chuckles, which died into a groan of pain and leaning his head back, pulling his hand from hers to press to his side. Kayley stared, uncertain what to make of this strange outburst. Thankfully, Ayden had hopped over and chose that moment to inject himself into the conversation. Do not waste your breath on such trivialities, Garrett. He instructed, seemingly agitated. The young lady has spent long enough trying to preserve it that you owe her that much, even in this strange humor that seems to have come over you. Garrett seemed to try to sit up, and Kayley quickly put an arm behind his back, pulling him gently. He braced his other hand on her far shoulder, trying to help, before the effort led him to push it against his side again, crying out. She drew back quickly—with Garrett awake again, this sort of touch seemed uncomfortable once more. Somehow, it had not bothered her as much to touch his skin, when he seemed so far from reach, as though any moment might have been his last. Perhaps it was knowing, then, that he knew nothing of it—or simply because she knew then that her ministrations may have been the only thing preventing him from the imminent demise he hardly seemed to be fighting, at the time. \"How long was I asleep?\" Garrett asked, panting a little, looking clammy again from the pain and exertion. Kayley eyed him, wary. Her heart was torn between rejoicing and fear he would quickly deteriorate once again, especially seeing him blanch so pale from just sitting up. She sat stiffly, tensed, as if ready to spring into action, should something happen. \"All of yesterday, and through the night. It is just past dawn, now.\" \"...I am sorry, Lady Kayley. I have lost you a day's travel.\" Garrett noted quietly. He was right, and it was distressing...but Kayley could hardly answer such a comment. Did he think she would not be moved by his condition? Did he have no understanding that he nearly died? Once again, she was saved the difficulty of a response when a silent voice interrupted. Why do you not ssseize him? Cornwall demanded. \"I- I'm sorry?\" asked Kayley. \"I'm afraid I don't understand.\" Ssseize him! As you had ssseized usss last night, in your anger! Did he not caussse your upset? Cornwall continued. Your face was flushed red with fire...but humansss have no fire in their belliesss... Devon noted, curiosity rather than accusation evident. You made no fire, only water from the eyes... There was a silence in the cave, for a moment. Ayden broke it, clinically. If you are awake, Garrett, you must accept the lady's help to stand. The hermit swallowed, knowing the pain this was going to cause him. He did not object, however, and a pleased sensation passed through that noiseless perception, as Ayden vocalized contentedly. \"How might I help?\" Kayley asked, uncertain. Did she have the strength to pull him up? He was not a small man, and while she was fit, her best skills had never been brute lifting—her small build was a disadvantage, in that scenario. Garret, you must get to your hands and knees. Ayden instructed. Garrett's face fell into a scowl at the humiliating prospect, but Ayden asked him pointedly, Do you trust me so little, fledgling? \"Of course not. I trust you completely—it does not mean I look forward to the pain this must cause me.\" he said, attempting to cover up his embarrassment with displeasure at pain rather than the pathetic position in which he found himself. Ayden refrained from commenting, and Kayley remained silent from her own embarrassment as well as the desire not to increase his. Kayley quietly stepped forward in case he fell as he began to turn and bend to his hands and knees. His fingers brushed the frayed and torn hem of Kayley's dress that was trailing on the ground, and he yanked his fingers back, flushing and scowling—and then gasping with pain from the brisk motion. Now rise to a kneel. Kayley, you must help him. Crouch or kneel down and help him. It was easier to do in response to a direct order, to silently follow the fey raptor's instructions. Her father had never spoken to her of how much touch was often involved in long travels, cooperating bodily with others in one's party. There were many things her father had not been able to tell her, before his death. Like meeting this man, then just a boy. She braced her hands under his shoulders, helping him bend and lift up. She dared to peek at his flushed, stony face only because she knew he couldn't catch her staring—his breath came sharply with a hiss as he rose to his knees, clutching at his side. Presss not ssso forcccefully, human... Devon cautioned from where he had silently watched this spectacle unfolding. I sssmell blood again... Cornwall noted, raising Kayley's alarm. He forced himself to let go, and she did see some blood starting to bead again, as if a little tear in the bizarre, leaf-like surface had ripped open from the bending. \"Garrett...\" Kayley spoke gently, with concern, reaching to press the leaf back down. He clenched his teeth, but finally, his hand grasped hers—firmly, but not painfully—and pulled it from his side. He was pale again, his face breaking out in a fresh sweat. \"No! Please, Noblewoman,\" he added the latter part abruptly. \"don't...touch it. Let us only...finish this.\" he panted. Kayley pulled her hand back, uncomfortable, and he let go quickly, afraid to have hurt her. \"Okay.\" Kayley agreed easily. \"Perhaps we could pause to catch our breaths for just a moment? And then we might continue more prepared.\" she suggested. Garrett said nothing, but took some shaky breaths. She studied his pained face, and impulsively reached out, brushing the hair from his sweat-beaded forehead gently, as for a feverish child. He made no sign that he noticed, except for a slight catching of his breath in surprise at her initial touch. His face blanked entirely, stony and unreadable. She did not apologize, but drew her hand back. \"...I am ready.\" he announced, a minute later. His breaths did sound more even. Come up on the good side first. Lift the knee into a genuflection. Ayden instructed, as if no pause had occurred. Garrett gritted his teeth again, and breathed sharply, but did as he was told without complaint. Now, Kayley, your true task: help support his weight as you did yesterday, so that he may stand. Obediently, she crouched by him, and he passed an arm across her shoulders. She wrapped hers around his back. \"On your count? To three?\" she suggested. Garrett nodded, clearly not looking forward to it. He counted, and they pushed simultaneously at three, Garrett making a sharp sound and then a hiss as he stood. He leaned on her more heavily a moment, once he had risen, but soon straightened, determined to stand on his own. He swayed slightly at first, and Kayley almost grabbed him again, but Ayden's piercing glare warned her to let the hermit be. Wait. instructed the fey falcon, and fluttered past, making a large circle out of the cave before returning a minute later. It is safe—for now. he told them. Garrett wordlessly reached out for his staff, surprising Kayley at how much he noticed, as she had not said she had grabbed it. He hobbled toward the mouth of the cave, and out into the surrounding scrub. Kayley began to move to follow him, but Ayden gave a sharp click of his beak. No. Let him go. You humansss and your ssstrange privaccciesss... Cornwall noted. It isss impractical. It isss not their way. They attach more sssignificanccce... Devon noted helpfully. Kayley was confused at first, but she gasped and colored darkly as she realized what they meant. \"These are private matters!\" Kayley exclaimed, mortified. \"We must speak no more of this—I wish I had remained unknowing!\" she assured them. Ayden's disapproval at the squabble was palpable. Kayley sat in silence, and the twins' displeasure at the chiding was washing through the connection in waves. A quieter sort of disgruntled sense was lingering more privately, in the background, and the brothers were hissing and snapping at each other again, no doubt in some disagreement. Finally, it died down, and though there was some sullenness from Cornwall, they slinked over—again surprising Kayley with their agility and speed. We mean no offenssse, Devon stated, but thessse cussstomsss...they are difficult to underssstand for usss, dragonsss who have ssspent cccenturiesss alone... Why mussst we apologizzze? Cornwall grumbled. Never onccce have the humansss apologizzzed to usss when their sssneaking off preventsss progresss or their ssstrange waysss leave usss confusssed... \"...I never thought of that.\" Kayley admitted, taken aback. Surely it must have been true, though, that if the dragons' ways seemed so bizarre and almost alien to her, that her ways must seem equally arbitrary to them? \"I apologize for my harsh response.\" You are forgiven. Devon assured her, swaying his head back and forth contentedly. It always made her nervous, since even though she now recognized the gesture, it always looked to her like they were about to strike. He settled and then snapped at his brother, who hissed unhappily. No quarrel exissstsss between usss! objected Cornwall. \"Very true. So let us not make trouble where none exists.\" panted Garret, hobbling back with his staff almost more of a crutch than a tool to help him move safely. Kayley hurried to him, helping him lean safely against the wall, when he refused to sit or lie down again, afraid of the struggle to get back up. When he was settled, Kayley picked some fresh leaves and came back. \"I can place these fresh leaves, Goodman, as I didn't have a chance to finish, when you woke up. Ayden told me they were all that had kept you alive, after the poison from the arrow had seeped into your blood.\" Kayley explained quietly. Garrett started to reach out a hand, but then drew it back and turned his head away. \"...please, then, do it. I fear I do not want to feel what is there.\" he admitted, and crossed his arms over his chest, keeping them out of the way. Kayley pulled the fabric apart gently, but he still winced. He gritted his teeth, breathing in short, quick breaths or holding his breath entirely. When it was finally done, he asked, \"How does it look?\" It seemed such an unusual question, from him, that she chuckled. \"Well, the tunic is ruined with blood from yesterday.\" she told him pointedly. \"These stains may not come out. As for the wound itself...it looks oddly like leaves.\" she said, more gently. \"The vein-pattern is etching into the surrounding skin, and the fresh leaves sink into your flesh, seemingly mending it as they do. I do not know what to make of it, or how it will progress.\" They shall fade, in time. Ayden assured them both. Garrett nodded. \"I have dealt with this before—only for lesser wounds.\" he confessed. \"I did not dare to hope that it could work on something this severe, nor that there would be any around. It seems I have accrued debt once again to Sir Lionel's line.\" he noted, softly. You waver lesss... Cornwall noted, for once the more curious of the two. Yesss, Devon agreed, even sssinccce your awakening, it hasss improved... \"Observant as ever.\" Garrett said, straight-faced. \"Yes, I do seem to be improving.\" You must drink, Garrett. You have lost much blood. Ayden interrupted pointedly. Do not become overbold. Not all eggs make nestlings. Awake is not recovered. \"We must travel on, Ayden.\" Garrett said coldly, leaning heavily on his staff. The raptor gave a piercing cry, flying up to land on the staff. Garrett struggled, almost falling. Kayley cried out in alarm and reached to steady him. His point made, Ayden lifted from the staff and landed on Kayley's shoulder. Think you still that your strength is enough? Drink! Let these latest leaves set! This quest is critical, yes—would you set us back again with your stubbornness, when some slight caution may save us more danger and time? Grumbling, but unable to defy the falcon's reasoning, Garrett obliged. He started to turn to find his things, but Kayley grabbed a waterskin from their supplies first. They drank, and she gathered some meager victuals from what they had gathered. They ate silently, Garrett eating much less than he had before. Kayley noticed with concern, but said nothing. However, by perhaps midday, with some additional grazing on their provisions, with fresh leaves pressed into the wound, with more liquid forcibly swallowed...Garrett was starting to look less like a man half-crossed through death's doorway. \"Let us be off.\" he said, determined, and started to lead the way—a bit more slowly than days before, limping slightly...but on his own two feet, sweeping his staff in front of him. The rest of them let him set the pace, and followed behind.[Chapter 21] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: Thank you all for bearing with me, as well as for all the support, encouragement, congratulations, commiseration, and opinions I have received in comments and PMs! I am humbled and excited to have drawn such a response. Thank you all so very, very much! Obviously, I didn't manage to finish more before graduation, and life after that was a whirlwind of trying to get things in line to move over 1000km/600mi (and closer to 1500/900, depending on if you count my personal move or where my things were to move!), not having housing for a time, and having to do orientation and start working. It's been crazy, but I am very excited and happy to be doing what I want to do...and to be back working on this! Thank you all so much for bearing with me. All of the follows, favorites, and comments have been simply amazing. I am so touched and so grateful! I hope I make it worth your while. On another note...I am still frustrated both with the typos that sometimes writing parts of this on my phone causes, and some of the formatting issues that I've had. There also seem to be a few places where things stop suddenly, and I am not 100% sure how or why little segments seem to be getting lost when I post chapters. I still don't have a beta of my own—an awkward position in which to find myself, being a beta. I went through and corrected what I had at the time, once...but even some of those changes didn't seem to upload properly. I don't have the time now to beta my own things (and that's honestly never a great idea, since you're doomed to miss things, knowing what it should have said!) and write both...so for now, I've opted to get up another chapter! Still, I wish I had a beta... . . . Chapter 21: Tracing and Tracking . The pace was slower, but Garrett's strength increased with every hour. It took the first just to get back on track, back to the path. Ayden quietly scouted ahead, circling back and giving updates, knowing that his human companions would not be able to escape again, with Garrett so gravely injured, still. They found the place again where the scabbard had been, and Garrett was able—with difficulty—to crouch down and examine the tracks. \"This is grave...\" Garrett noted, face grim. Kayley nodded, fretfully. She did not regret her ministrations, for they had saved the hermit's life, but they had lost a great deal of time, and the tracks would be older now than when they had first come upon the place. Who knew if Ruber had managed to examine and follow them, since? Perhaps he was already upon the thief... \"I know the tracks must be worn, Goodman, but is there any hope of still following them?\" she asked, nerves clenching her stomach painfully. What would she do, if Excalibur was indeed found and taken by her father's—by her and the whole kingdom's —enemy, after all? \"They will be quite easy to follow, Noblewoman.\" Garrett assured her, darkly, struggling to stand. Kayley almost hurried to help him, but forced herself to stand still, so as not to hurt the hermit's pride. He had been determined to walk on his own, when they left, and she was trying to respect his wishes. \"I'm afraid it is the information they give that is so grave. These tracks almost certainly belong to an ogre.\" Kayley let that sink in as he steadied himself with his staff. She was oddly relieved, in a way, that he could do so—touching him directly was still very uncomfortable, even if her desire to help conflicted with her sense of propriety. She was concerned for the man, but his clear consciousness made it more difficult to ignore the usual ways of things. A sharp hiss interrupted her unsettled thoughts. Orgresss! Dissspicable creaturesss! Mindlesss, ravenousss beassstsss! Devon raged in his silent voice. Kayley was startled by the outburst. Cornwall hissed and snarled his own anger, and Kayley couldn't help but notice that, this time, they truly did seem to be poised for a strike. Something about that announcement had upset them. There was no time to address their anger, if they would calm. Kayley tried to push forward. \"There are similar depressions farther along. Shall we follow the tracks?\" Garrett turned to her, having been feeling the depression of a toe mark to try to determine the direction. He frowned, considering. \"Your sight will be an asset here. But you must take caution to also look for the other signs of the forest we have discussed—our quarry has no need of the care we must take to avoid dangerous plants and creatures, here in the forest.\" \"Perhaps you should still lead, as I am not familiar with all of these signs. I will tell you about each new track as I can see it. The forest seems thinner, here, than before, but I only see one more indentation in the scrub ahead, maybe thirty yards or so beyond us.\" she tried to describe all she could see. Garrett seemed wary of the description, nodding quietly and moving forward, still limping, but not leaning heavily on his staff, as he had to stand from where he crouched before. As usual, she followed, and the dragons slinked on behind them. . *~*~*~*~*~*SOME HOURS LATER*~*~*~*~*~* . Garrett came to a halt slowly, as if biding his time to actually stop. Kayley watched him, silently, wondering if he was losing strength more quickly, rather than gaining it. They had continued pressing fresh leaves into his side every few hours, but the skin was reasonably solid, if brittle, faintly green, and still leaf-vein-patterned. It was extremely disconcerting for Kayley to see not only his flesh, through the large rip, but also the unnatural surface of that flesh. She had been relieved when he wanted to start tending it himself. \"We must stop and make camp.\" Garrett said, finally, having braced himself for the likely fight he would face, after the debacle of having found Excalibur stolen from under their noses. To his great surprise, none came. \"Very well. I will gather wood.\" Kayley agreed, despite her reluctance to stop. If she were to accept that he knew the forest best and keep him as her guide, at great risk to himself...she would have to trust his insistence, she had decided. Even on this, despite the urgency she felt to push onward, more rushed than ever. No matter where they went, it had seemed Ruber was right behind—and now he might even have been ahead of them! The situation was grave, indeed. Still...she had made her decision of whom to trust—and, given her father's previous relationship with the man, then a boy...she had to hope that her judgment was a good one. Her father had always been an excellent judge of character, after all...and she was afraid to push the man, after his injuries in service to their quest. Puzzled, Garrett heard her walk off, doing as she said. Using his staff, he searched for an open enough space to start a fire. Perhaps there was time to trap something to eat. Even a little bit of fresh meat would be welcome, after all the dry food. And if not, perhaps fresh roots or herbs would make the jerky—which seemed so endless, though he knew he would be in dire straits when it finally did run out—more palatable. He began marking a good spot, clearing the surrounding brush from it, when he heard a noise, and turned. He recognized the sound, and found himself frowning at the sluggish pace of the dragons coming up, having fallen behind even with their slower pace that day. \"You are too cold.\" he said, less an accusation and more of a statement. Night isss falling. We do not dictate the temperature that sssurroundsss us! Argued Cornwall defensively, hissing. We are sssimply bound by itsss limitsss... Devon added, before they started slowly snapping at one another. In other circumstances, it might have been amusing to Garrett, but he was weak, tired, and injured. Their poor condition seemed more a liability now than ever. \"You must stop this at once! Thing of Kayley, if noone else. In this condition, I am no use, should we be attacked! You must have realized you are the best chance for her survival, and the retrieval of the sword.\" Garrett scolded sharply. They froze, both turning and hissing at him. What would you have usss do, human? We cannot control thisss! \"I would have you voice your needs, and make sure you are staying warm enough to be of use!\" he argued. \"Now come here, before you freeze any further. I am marking out the space for our fire tonight. Find a space near it and wait for Kayley to come back with the wood. I am going to set some traps. Have you need of victuals?\" If we eat now, we will be too sssluggish to continue at the paccce we need. It takesss time for usss to digessst our prey... \"Very well. Either way, stay here and get warm as soon as possible. I'll help you if needbe when I come back from setting these traps.\" Why such concccern, human? You have never cared for usss before. \"Not particularly, no.\" Garrett admitted openly, not one to mince words. \"But I make ties with few—it never meant I would like to see harm come to you.\" They seemed to consider this for a moment. Silent and unheard, Ayden returned from scouting and landed on a branch overlooking the scene. \"You guided us, as you promised, through the tunnels—and while I wouldn't have had you come further with us, when we were through...you are in our party, now. I must, then, be concerned that you stay well enough at least to protect the noblewoman, since I cannot.\" Garrett said logically. \"Perhaps this is the reason you were fated to join us, after all.\" he considered, shrugged...and then left them to stew over this new revelation. For Garrett, it was a great deal more than he usually liked to reveal—especially to creatures for which he did not particularly care. Ayden kept his vigil, saying nothing. In an hour, it was colder, and very dark—but the party had a fire, and small soup starting to heat, consisting of some roots, herbs, and a trapped red squirrel. Ayden had given a cry when they were together and apparently safe, noting briefly that he was going to hunt as well. A few minutes later, their dinner was warming, though not yet boiling. It would be some time before it could be eaten. Garrett stood, from where he had been resting after the strain of setting and checking his traps, then cleaning the meat for the soup. The dragons were warmer, having sat nearer to the fire than Kayley would have dared. They looked around, wary for whatever had caused the hermit to rise, but he only addressed Kayley. \"Noblewoman...\" he started, hesitating. Before, Kayley would have thought of it as him being typically unfriendly, wishing he didn't have to speak to her. Suddenly, now, she realized that he was actually very uncomfortable. The realization took her by surprise, but she answered nonetheless. \"Yes, Goodman?\" \"Now, more than ever, it is imperative that you practice the skills that your father once taught me. I am afraid that, in my current condition, I would not be able to fight as I previously might have done. You will need to be able to defend yourself at the very least for long enough to flee with Excalibur, once we recover it.\" Garrett said, stonily. Kayley was surprised and offended at once. Did the hermit think, after everything, that she intended to abandon him?! He pressed on urgently, as though sensing her imminent objection, \"The sword must be returned to the King—whatever the sacrifice required. You are the fastest and most able to deliver the sword to King Arthur. If such a situation arises, you must take the sword, and go ! The Kingdom must come before personal desires.\" he said gravely. He knew that she would have heard this lesson from her father, as he had, time and time again. Indeed, the words rang true, and her objections withered within her. I must train myself enough that it won't be an issue. Would that we could go without worrying over such things! After watching him flirt with death once, Kayley was not sure if she could see him at death's doorstep again—and then leave him there ! As he had said, though...their quest was too urgent. It had to come first. Was this what I imagined, when I dreamed of a life in service to my king...? She had thought it would be easy, fighting valiantly, united by glorious purpose, devoted to King Arthur to her dying breath. She had thought she would be proud, to die with honor, serving his purpose, if it should be required of her. Fearless, like her father. She had never thought of the difficulty it would cause, if she had to watch others do the same, instead. Is this why some of the older Knights had made points of writing, or offering to visit, bringing things to and from Camelot for her mother, since her mother had never taken up the king's offer to visit Camelot? Did they despair and sorrow, as she had, after their comrade-at-arms had given the sacrifice they all were willing to give, and they had remained? More importantly...would Kayley be able to accept it, and run with the sword? She would have to—even if she had never been presented to the king, her father's legacy, her whole life purpose, demanded she fulfill this duty. Sworn or not, she was a vassal of King Arthur. She was her father's daughter, and her mother's. She would do as duty demanded. Isolated and dreaming of glory, she had not realized how hard that duty might sometimes be. \"Let us train.\" she said simply, and followed him away from the fire. He led her a small clearing near their campsite, where Ayden had scouted, and where Garrett had set some traps. It wasn't optimal for catching game, since the clearing was deceptively filled with some of the forest's attacking plants. He reiterated some of the strikes he had shown her, and she imitated them as best she could. He had to rely on the sound of her strikes and her honesty to honestly tell him if her strikes were correct. It made it difficult to instruct her. \"Hold.\" he said, annoyed. She froze, frowning. \"Was it not correct?\" she asked, frustrated herself. Some of these moves were more difficult than the others, but she had thought that she was doing it right. \"I am not completely certain.\" he admitted, frustrated. \"Not having another staff, I can't test you in ways that would tell me if the staff is moving in the right way, at the right times. Usually I would try to strike in ways that would hit the staff, if your strike was correct. It would have the added effect of testing the strength you put behind the strikes. Come.\" he instructed, holding out his hand for the staff. She gave it to him, and then was surprised as he led her out into the clearing. He stopped just before she warned him of a dangerous plant he was approaching. \"I found this clearing when I was setting traps,\" he explained. \"There are some plants here you can use to practice. They may strike or bruise you, but they are not poisonous.\" he noted. Kayley was relieved at this news—she hadn't much enjoyed that initial run-in with one of the poisonous denizens of the forest. Not to mention, given Garrett's recent injury, poison was still an alarming prospect. He walked out, past the plant she had seen, and she followed carefully, making sure to trace his steps. \"Goodman—are you quite sure this is a good idea, given your injuries?\" she asked, wary on his behalf. \"I am well enough, for this. I have gained more strength than I expected, through the day, though I will press more leaves into the wound when we return to our soup, if you would like.\" he attempted to placate her. Kayley blinked in surprise, realizing the friendly nature of the exchange. There was no time to muse on it, though, as Garrett quickly tapped one of the bulbs, and its stalk sprung out, alert. She assumed that he was about to demonstrate something for her to repeat, so she was startled when he instead reached out and took her hand, not expecting the sudden contact. He gave a quick tug, positioning her before him. If she didn't trust the hermit, she might have screamed, suddenly in the line of the plant's attack. Instead, he brought his staff down in front of her, widening his grip. Filled with sudden understanding, she put her hands within his. He quickly jabbed at several more spots on the ground, and Kayley was surprised again, realizing that they were in the middle of a circle of the attacking plants. Once again, she was stunned by Garrett's knowledge and understanding of the forest. How had he mapped where these were?! Still, it was much easier to focus, despite the disconcerting nearness of the man directly behind her, when he was guiding her strikes to help her learn to fend off the attackers. As he twisted and turned them, the rhythm and movements of the strikes became clearer to her, and she was soon guiding some of the strikes in her own right. The plants, once stunned, would go limp for perhaps a quarter or half of a minute. With several attacking at once, it was difficult to get enough leeway to stop dodging and attack. Finally, though, Kayley guided them to stun all but one. Kayley faltered, however, with a stitch in her side, and Garrett took back control as easily as if he had been directing them the whole time, pulling them both to the side, jabbing sharply at the bulbous plant, and dodging off between the bulbs just before the next one woke up again. Breathing hard, still, Kayley laughed. \"That...was brilliant!\" she said through harsh breaths. \"It's no wonder you've grown skilled, if you can spar with partners like that as often as you wish, in the forest!\" she looked up at Garrett, who had turned while pulling them out from the circle of plants, still holding the staff, but on the side opposite, the staff between them. His unseeing eyes stared past over her head before closing, but a rare, faint smile lingered on his features. Kayley was struck by how young he seemed, in that moment. It occurred to her that they were only a few years apart in age, whereas the hermit's gruff demeanor often had her thinking of him as a far older, grouchy man. He gently raised the staff up, pulling it from her hands. She held loosely onto it, stepping just slightly closer before it slipped from her hands. She was close enough that she leaned her now-empty palms softly against his breast, and his eyes blinked open suddenly. She could feel his heart through the thick tunic, though she couldn't begin to guess if its fast beating was the exertion, the linger of poison in his blood, or—as for her—the sudden realization of their physical nearness, the awareness that had faded suddenly becoming startlingly apparent, with that unexpected touch. He slowly brought the staff back down, behind her, making a circle around her with the staff and his outstretched arms. It seemed a moment that he wouldn't dare touch her, but as he lowered the staff further, into the usual hand, he gently touched the bony curve of her elbow. Only a moment later, a couple fingers that had been wrapped around his staff hesitantly touched the opposite elbow. Not sure what she was doing, or why, she pressed her hands—previously just lightly touching his tunic—gently but definitely against him, surprised to feel the shape of the muscles underneath through the thick, if worn, fabric. Her face flushed with embarrassment, but her heart was racing, and she made no move to pull away even as his hands moved—ever so slightly, just a few inches—up the backs of her arms, gently holding her softer flesh through her long sleeves. For a moment, they just stood there, silent except for Kayley's breaths, which were softer, but still rapid. The bubbling fear and nervousness in her chest that she couldn't quite name was keeping her from catching her breath, even though she would usually be recovering by that amount of time. The moment passed, and Kayley found herself sliding her hands down, across his chest to his upper arms, below his shoulders...and then suddenly found herself embracing him, her ear hearing the thrumming of his heart against her head, his hands bracing her shoulders carefully, as if he might crush her if he dared to use any pressure. It was something different, and new, and strange—something that was, she knew, entirely inappropriate, especially for them, especially alone...but somehow, in the forest, on this deadly mission, not knowing if one or both of them might not survive, she stayed, feeling her own heart beating as rapidly and erratically as his was racing in her ear. Neither of them spoke, and another brief moment passed—a mere handful of seconds, before a whisper in the brush drew their attention, and they both stepped back, turning to face the noise. A hiss met their ears. We mussst alssso prepare. Devon insisted, as the brothers hurried over, still quick from the fire's warmth. Yesss...we will provide protection, while we can, if the wounded human should fall... Cornwall added. Kayley felt a surge of affection for the bizarre creatures, as well as the fear that their plainly stated scenario could come true. Somehow, she felt some of the same anguish at the thought of losing her sometimes-guides, as well as just for Garrett. The brothers didn't give her time to ponder her fears, though, as they quickly ran up and scratched at a bulb. The stalk flung itself out, knocking them back several paces. They hissed and let out a strangled little squeak or squeal that was grating on the ears. Kayley watched, unable to tear her eyes away. The stalk somehow managed to wrap itself around both necks, and she cried out, reaching to grab Garrett's staff and go help them—but a screech and the flutter of wings prevented it. Ayden dove, scratching the stalk, and it recoiled, allowing the brothers to scramble back, out of its range. Fools! What are you doing, provoking an enemy unprepared?! What if the fledgling you seek to protect had instead been harmed, having to protect you? It is too cold, and you are too unprepared. Return to the fire at once, before she has to carry you there! Ayden scolded them. The brothers hissed, but their remorse was palpable through their silent voices as they slinked away. \"Ayden. I hope you hunted well.\" Garrett greeted his friend. It was enough. Ayden confirmed. You must also rest—you are still injured, Garrett, however much you have improved. I understand why you felt need of this, but you must check the wound for tears and apply more leaves. Eat now, and then rest, for we must leave at the earliest hint of dawn if we are to follow an ogre. With that, Ayden flew off back to their fire, and Garrett and Kayley walked silently back, following him. They ate soup in quiet companionship, and the brothers basked in the warmth of the fire, not finding need to slide into Kayley's blankets when there was such a radiant source of warmth nearby. Kayley was privately grateful for that, not only because she was still unsettled by them to a certain extent...but also because she was having a difficult enough time trying to clear her mind and rest. She hugged herself and turned again in her restlessness, unable to explain why her thoughts lingered on an embrace she never should have dared to know.[Chapter 22] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I hope this sooner post lifts someone's spirits. I know that writing these chapters definitely lifted mine. It's going to be a tough couple of weeks, since I'm working through two weeks and two weekends without any days off. I started this chapter early so that I could have it up without too much delay between the two, knowing I'd be busy coming up! Also, I wanted to update again quickly to thank everyone who has been reading or \"favorite\"ing my story! I am so stunned, so flattered...so grateful! Wow! 110 reviews, 49 Favs, and 92 Follows...! Thank you all so, so much! I believe I've replied to everybody who commented (at least, everyone who had a username so I could reply!), but if I missed you...shoot me a PM? I would love to thank you directly! :) I am so touched- I looked on a whim to see my traffic, and I was so surprised to see how many people had come to look after the last update, and from how many places! Wow! Thank you all for bearing with me. On a tangent...there are so many of you! Does anybody who reads this have skill with art? I'm afraid I really can't draw, paint, or any such talent or art for the life of me! But I would love to see some interpretations of a few scenes —any, really, but there are definitely some in particular that I wish I could see in somebody else's vision, even more than others. If anybody happens to draw something from the story, please let me know by PM, comment, or even email (it's my username at a mail service provided by Google)! If you have the urge to draw something but want or need suggestions, I am happy to make some. Otherwise, I will continue to just imagine it in my own way...but I really would love to see how somebody else envisions my version of the story! . . . Chapter 22: The Stolen Sword . It was very early, as promised, when they rose and packed up, covering all traces of their previous fire and resting place as well as they quickly could. Fortunately, the forest was full of brush, scrub, and leaf litter to help them hide their traces. It was hard to know if it was necessary, if Ruber was still following them at all. They headed off, the forest still looking dark to Kayley, but the chirping of birds telling her that dawn was likely on the horizon. After some time, she realized that she was seeing some of the dawn, and that the forest was thinning. \"We seem to be heading toward a shadowed valley, and the forest is thinner throughout it,\" she announced for Garrett's benefit. Perhaps he knew, but it seemed that, if she were to fulfill her promise of announcing what she saw to help with tracking, that she should mention this. \"The forest seems to continue beyond, on the other side. The cave where we hid overnight must be inside in one the bordering craggy hills—it just seemed to be a cliff of some kind, perhaps like those bordering Dragon Country, when we fled into it...but now I make out other landforms, breaking up the forest.\" Garrett didn't respond beyond a grunt and a stiff nod, but he looked unsettled to Kayley, who was surprised yet again to realize she was picking up on the reticent man's mannerisms more easily as time went on. A fortnight, she realized—she had known the man for a full fortnight, most of which was spent in close quarters with him, as improper as that phrasing of the situation sounded in her mind. They continued toward the thinning of the trees, and she quietly mused over the unusual situation. She could certainly never speak of these weeks, once she returned home... . *~*~*~*~*~*DEEPER IN THE FOREST*~*~*~*~*~* . At the site of the initial retrieval of the scabbard, Ruber and the gryphon shuffled underneath rubble, finally rousing and pushing back up to daylight. Ruber's rage was terrible, and he almost struck the gryphon, which only watched him, as if daring him to spill the blood that would break the bond that had been forced upon the majestic beast. A beating on the surface, even plucking of his feathers—as enraged as he would be—would not free him from the carefully-worded spell that bound the beast to Ruber, preventing the gryphon from hurting the twisted man, forced instead to obey his orders. The beast stared daringly back into the mad man's eyes, seeming to taunt him, warning him, if he stabbed, to stab deep. It was not easy to kill a gryphon. If Ruber spilled the creature's blood with metal or stone, it would be free. Otherwise, Ruber's death or Ruber's blood—which the creature could not spill—sprinkled upon the beast, would likewise release the wretched bond. Ruber managed to rein in his fury only because he looked up and noticed another impression in the ground, faded and scattered with litter...but clearly the same track as the one in which they had previously found their quarry. He grinned, and stroked the feathers on the creatures head roughly. It opened its beak in a furious snarl, rage flooding it with the irreverent, sickening touch. The mad human would pay for these transgressions—a gryphon's memory was long indeed, and a gryphon's life was longer than many humans'...but despite the desire, the gryphon could not strike the evil human for these infringements, tearing off the offending limb as the creature so desperately desired to do. The human stood and set off after the trail. For now, the fey beast was forced to follow. . *~*~*~*~*~*IN THE VALLEY*~*~*~*~*~* . \"What is that noise?\" Kayley whispered, uncertain where the rumbling had originated. If she didn't know better, she would think one of her companions was hungry. But the humans had just eaten, and the dragons and falcon would not produce such sounds. \"That? 'Tis the ogre.\" Garrett confirmed quietly, almost cavalierly. Suddenly, a hiss broke out behind them again. Thossse creaturesss will not have the chanccce to eat usss! Cornwall objected furiously. They have ssslain many of our kind for their voraciousss appetitesss! Devon noted, equally riled. We will not go willingly to the belly of an orgre! Cornwall added. \"...will you leave us, then?\" asked Kayley, finding herself surprisingly wounded by the possibility. The serpentine brothers hissed. We wish to ssstay with our one friend...but she leadsss usss to a life that endsss asss prey! Devon lamented, and suddenly both brothers were wailing with that horrible, mind-shaking keen. Kayley gritted her teeth, bracing herself, and Ayden screeched. Enough! The choice is yours, dragonlings — the humans will continue their quest, and you must decide whether you go with them or not. They must make haste if they wish to track the ogre to find where it will sleep today. They hissed again with this scolding, but hurried along the ground, despite losing some heat with every yard. After the long night by the fire and the lesser cold of morning, they hoped to make it to the heat of the sun during the day. Despite their refusals, they continued to follow as the humans walked onward. Ayden flew ahead, scouting once again. \"...we've lost the trail!\" Kayley whispered, distressed. \"I see no more prints to follow!\" \"Is there an opening in the rock anywhere? Any gaps between the crags?\" Garrett asked, feeling along the hardened ground with his staff. \"Maybe...over here...?\" Kayley asked, pressing forward. Garrett followed her silently, walking with quiet steps as they pushed deep into the rock. Devon and Cornwall gave a low hiss, but followed at the back of the group. They found themselves entering a large cavern, and Kayley whispered back to Garrett. \"I don't see an ogre...\" \"It's here.\" Garrett assured her, nose wrinkling. \"I can smell it.\" A thrill of fear went through Kayley's insides at the grim announcement. There was indeed an unpleasant smell, but Kayley had assumed it was stale water or rotting creatures who got lost in the rock tunnels and caverns. Could it really be an ogre?! The twins hissed behind them, and Garrett shushed them quickly. Suddenly, there was a horrible groaning, and the rock of the caves itself seemed to shudder and shift! Terrified, Kayley pressed back against the wall of the entry to the cavern, watching with terror and amazement. The ogre was the rock! She could suddenly make out the shapes of its body, moss-covered, dense, and solid. They all remained utterly still as it shifted, until Kayley saw it scratching at its mouth. \"I-I can't believe it...Excalibur...!\" Kayley whispered in horror. Garrett turned to her, startled at the upset in her voice. \"It's—It's using Excalibur as a toothpick !\" If the situation was any less dire, Garrett would have laughed. Not only with bitterness at the majestic sword being used so ill, but also at Kayley shock and horror. Why would an ogre care about human sentimentalities? The dangerous monster surely had no idea that humans even valued such sharp little pieces of metal. \"Describe the layout, Noblewoman.\" Garrett instructed quietly. She did so in quick, hushed sentences, and Garrett began forming a plan. \"...let me know when it falls asleep. With the sun rising, it should have no choice shortly. It will likely settle first to rest. Keep your eyes on where it lays the sword.\" he instructed. She nodded, and then, catching herself, whispered her agreement. It took several minutes, but eventually the monster did turn and seem to sleep. \"Over ahead...it set the sword down below the overhang we're approaching.\" Kayley whispered quietly. \"There is no way back up if we drop-it is as if a nest is burrowed into the rock, and the walls will be too steep. It's over twice a man's height to the ground...but since it's lying on the monster itself, the handle of the sword it within reach if one were careful—if I could only dangle over the edge...!\" Garrett hesitated, then turned to the twins behind him. \"This is a moment of truth, it seems.\" he told them. \"What is your dedication to this group...and how much weight can you hold safely by your tail?\" We are not weak humansss! Cornwall hissed mentally, taking caution to mostly stifle the verbal hiss as the monster shuffled slightly, more attuned to the sounds of magical creatures than mundane. We can hold ssseveral timesss our weight, but only for a matter of short minutesss. Devon clarified. He, too, seemed unhappy, but in his case, it was because he understood the request. If we are to anchor, you humansss mussst move quickly. \"We will.\" Garret promised. He turned to Kayley. \"You must hang by your knees, by the staff, as you can see and grab the sword quickly. I will hold the staff, and the dragons will hold my legs.\" Garrett explained his plan. Kayley flushed at the thought of hanging upside-down with such an audience. It was consolation, at that moment, that Garrett could not see. \"Very well...I need a moment to prepare myself.\" she said quietly, reaching down to the tattered end of her dress. At least the long strips could be useful, for now. She tied strips around her ankles, determined even if nobody could see to keep the dress at least from falling up over her head. It would blind her as well as embarrass her, whether or not anyone was looking. Besides, Ayden and the dragon brothers seemed oddly like an audience as well, regardless of their differences from humans. A few minutes later, they were ready, and Kayley was scooting back over the edge. The height was dizzying when upside-down. She took a breath and whispered to lower her further. Slowly, she was let down. She could almost reach it...she just needed to...! \"Swing me!\" she whispered frantically. \"Face-foward, going out!\" she explained quickly, stretching her arm as far as she could. With the slightest, muffled grunt, from the hermit, she began to swing—very slightly, at first, but gaining momentum. When she finally grasped the handle and yanked up the sword, it was all she could do not to yell out in delight. Unfortunately, somebody else didn't have the same cautionary instincts. \"THERE THEY ARE!\" yelled Ruber, from across the cave. Metal men began sliding down the walls, and the ogre's eyes flew open at the yell and scraping sounds. Kayley—hold still! Ayden instructed sharply. Do not move in the slightest—it is unfamiliar with small creatures such as yourself, and will be looking to attack the intruders making noise. Kayley virtually held her breath, trying not even to tremble, though she couldn't fully control her body, dangling as she was. True to Ayden's word, the ogre turned, flinging an arm towards the horrible sounds and looking for those who would dare disturb its daily slumber. NOW! Ayden yelled into their minds. Garrett and the twins both pulled with all their might, and Kayley bumped her head slightly coming up over the edge, but was otherwise unharmed. And more importantly...she had the sword! She quickly grabbed the scabbard back up and sheathed it, throwing the belt from the scabbard around herself. \"Run!\" she whispered, and the party took off. \"SEIZE THEM! GRYPHON, CAPTURE THEM—THEY'RE RUNNING AWAY!\" Ruber screeched madly, and the gryphon was forced to give chase, Ruber following just behind. Unfortunately for him, the ogre was distressed by this new noise and the gryphon's roar, and it swatted at them, knocking them down and trapping them as it rolled back to return to its slumber. Two of the metal men, however, continued to follow the two humans and two fey creatures. \"Quick, we have to get down the—\" Kayley started, but it cut off into a yelp as the loose ground gave way, and they precariously tumbled over the ledge, to the steep incline below. The twins hissed, tumbling, and Kayley cried out in alarm as she struggled to roll properly. Garrett clutched at his side and attempted to soften the blows as much as possible. The metal men ran after them and tumbled, rolling over to the opposite face over the edge of the incline. Suddenly, there was something large tumbling with them, and Kayley suddenly found herself clutched in large claws. The twins were also clutched, and struck at the beast's leg, which gave a roar and shook the foot holding them violently—but did not let go. Garrett was clutching his side, looking pale, eyes closed. Kayley watched him with fear, dreading their capture, but also his wellbeing. To her great surprise, she found herself set down by a small oasis with water. \"DO NOT STRIKE ME AGAIN.\" roared the gryphon to the dragons, who scrambled back, hissing. You ssserve a mad human! Devon objected. You had usss in your clawsss! Cornwall pointed out. We ssstrike if we mussst! The gryphon only roared, and an ancient voice took the place of the twins' silent hissing. I DO NOT WISH TO SERVE THIS HUMAN. The strong, booming voice startled Kayley, who gasped. Garrett groaned, struggling to get up, clutching his staff in one hand and his side with the other. THE BOND HE HAS CAST TO ENSLAVE ME BREAKS ONLY IN SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES. \"Wh-what can we do to help you?\" Kayley asked, frightened but moved by his unwilling servitude. He was such a majestic creature, to be enslaved by one so mad and evil as Ruber. As if hearing her thoughts, he turned to you. \"I have smelled you before, youngling.\" he growled, beak rubbing thoughtfully. Kayley watched it, nervous. \"You took a horse and ran for freedom.\" \"I ran to warn the king, to stop Ruber—and on my mother's orders!\" she objected, upset by the implications. A pleased rumble grew in the beast's throat, but to Kayley, it sounded as intimidating as any other roar or rumble from the beast. \"Your family is strong, then. You say you wish to help me? The slave of your enemy?\" \"A slave doesn't choose his master.\" Kayley asserted, angry and sympathetic on the beast's behalf. It roared again. I WOULD BE NO SLAVE. IF YOU WISH TO SEVER THE BOND, YOU MUST DO ONE OF TWO THINGS. EITHER KILL THE MAN WHO HAS ENSLAVED ME...OR SHED HIS BLOOD. ENOUGH THAT AT LEAST SOME DROPS OF IT CAN LAND ON ME. EITHER OF THESE ACCOMPLISHED WILL END MY SERVITUDE. Kayley shuddered, the silent voice of the gryphon overwhelming, especially in her shaken state. A falcon's shriek pierced the air, and Ayden flapped down, angrily. If you truly wish to be freed, then let these creatures leave now. Ayden demanded fiercely. Your order was to capture them. You have done so. The quest they undertake to return the sword will lead to your master's death if successful. The gryphon rumbled in consideration of this, then roared and took off. DO NOT FORGET MY PLIGHT, HUMAN. DESTROY MY MASTER, OR SHED HIS BLOOD. DO NOT FORGET THIS SECOND MERCY. \"Second?\" Garrett asked, struggling to follow, still holding his side, taking deep breaths. \"When...when I escaped. The gryphon was there, summoned by Ruber. I remember the wrath of the beast was terrible, then...\" she recalled. Was it truly only two weeks before? \"The gryphon must have known I was under the bridge, hiding with the horse I used to escape...\" \"I see...\" Garrett said, and Kayley saw him fishing new leaves out of a pouch to press into his side. She came over, concerned, and looked at the wound for the first time in a while. The skin was very green, and with a clear vein appearance, now. a few small cracks had appeared in the leaf-like surface, and there was purple-green bruising underneath the oozing cracks. \"...it held fairly well, before—this appears to have simply been too much strain. It is still improved from before.\" Garrett explained. Kayley stepped back. \"Very well. Can you continue, Goodman?\" Kayley asked with concerns fighting one another. Surely they could not continue to escape the gryphon for long. Ruber would send the beast back with more specific instructions. And the metal men would recover, and start hunting them again, surely! \"Yes, Noblewoman. Let us refill our water skins, and hurry. If I recall, the forest continues up ahead. Perhaps we have not lost too much time...\" Garrett instructed, already preparing to fill his own, hand still clutched to his side, where new leaves were sinking into the cracked leaf-flesh. Kayley took her water skin to do the same, and they headed into the continuation of the forest. . *~*~*~*~*~*LATER THAT DAY*~*~*~*~*~* . Into the afternoon, they walked, barely breaking, preferring instead to eat while walking and stop only when absolutely necessary. The leaves did their magic, and Garrett seemed to recover more quickly than before, soon carrying the sword to relieve some of Kayley's burden. It had only been some small cuts and bad bruising, all things considered. Kayley knew that she would be feeling her own bruises the next morning, and some already felt swollen and tender. She forced herself to keep a brisk pace despite it, reminding herself that, for all she knew, her mother was suffering worse injury, and still captive. \"Garrett...\" she fretted quietly, as they more carefully crossed some rough terrain with rocky patches. \"What is it?\" he asked gruffly, more out of surprise than anger. Kayley took no notice, given his usual directness. \"My mother...do you think she...?\" Kayley started, then swallowed, unable to finish the question. A whole fortnight, and no sign of any of the previous captives at all. Was Ruber's wagon still riding down the road? Was her mother in it, still? \"I am sure that if she is anything like you...she will be fine.\" Garrett reassured her quietly. After that, they continued in silence. It was another hour or two later, when Kayley suddenly noticed that she could see more of the sky than she had before. \"The trees...they're thinning! The sky is visible up ahead!\" Kayley announced, excited. She looked to Garrett. \"The end of the Forbidden Forest.\" the hermit confirmed. Kayley hurried ahead. Garrett continued somewhat less enthusiastically, though Kayley simply attributed his lack of running to his wounds. As she pushed through the hanging moss, she saw the grand castle and its walls, all the flags streaming in the afternoon sun. \"Camelot! Oh! ...it's so beautiful!\" Kayley cried, surprised and relieved. Emotion roiled in her, between the end of this horrifying mission, or finally seeing the castle—the castle that was still standing, beautiful and untouched, with the road free of any caravan she could see, giving her hope that Ruber's caravan indeed was several days behind! \"...I wish you could see it!\" she added impulsively, turning to Garrett as he approached. \"...I have seen it.\" he reminded her quietly, grim and stony-faced. \"There was no place for me, there.\" Somber, he removed the sword's belt and scabbard from his shoulder, and handed it to Kayley. \"B-but—we must deliver the sword together! As King Arthur's loyal vassals!\" Kayley insisted, distressed. After all this time...were they truly to part, before the quest was complete? \"I am a hermit, Noblewoman...it is you , who must deliver the sword to the king, as his loyal vassal.\" Garrett clarified. \"It was long since made clear to me that...I do not belong in that world. Not anymore. Come on, Ayden...\" he said, turning away. He started to walk back into the forest, the dragons hissing in distress, and Kayley watching in stunned silence as the man disappeared back into the shadowed forest. Knowing her duty, but hating to leave it this way, she whispered a promise, maybe more to herself than to the hermit, because even if she had to let him leave now, she knew that this was not meant to be a final parting. \"But you belong in mine...\" The words spoken, however quietly, Kayley turned and hurried down the steep incline toward the road. If she could borrow a horse, it would perhaps only be another day and a half or two days' ride, she estimated...! She might be able to give the town and the king several days yet to prepare! And finally— finally! —she could insure her mother's safety, when she arrived as part of the trap...! Ayden flew after his companion, giving a distressed cry and flapping wildly, aggravated. Garrett hardly realized that he was sensing the words from a distance, as he had been forced to do previously. The anger and upset resolved into a chiding, wondering what had gotten into Garrett, to abandon his quest at such a late stage. \"In Camelot...she would be tainted, seeing me only through their eyes.\" Garrett voiced his conclusions aloud. \"In the forest, maybe, she sees me as a knight...but in the streets of Camelot? I would hardly seem a man. More likely, I would seem as nothing at all.\" he stated bitterly. He swallowed, forcing the pain from the realization back. He was a hermit. He had chosen this life—it had only ever made him happy, before! The dragons slowly started after Kayley, having turned their heads between Kayley and the hermit repeatedly for several minutes. Humans...confusing, puzzling creatures! They followed the one they preferred, toward the interesting human group nest of which they had heard. There was an important human, there. One who perhaps would want the chance to speak to a dragon. They could be appreciated, there, perhaps...despite their stunted stage. The sun began to warm them, and after several minutes, they were doing well and moving more quickly. They had almost caught up to Kayley, who turned around the cliff edge, toward the main road. They heard a gasp and scurried forward, only to see her grabbed by the giant metal humans! Devon started to hiss, but Cornwall butted heads to silence him. They pressed against the crags and watched. \"EXCALIBUR! AT LONG LAST, THE SWORD, AS FATED, IS MINE!\" Ruber yelled, triumphant, laughing. Kayley was distressed, and struggled against the arm-chains in which she was wrapped, from a metal man who had arms that were flails. As she watched, Ruber took that same unholy conconction he had used to taint the water in the pit, and poured it on his own limb, becoming one with the mystical sword. As the metal man dragged Kayley away and threw her into one of the rolling human shelters. The dragons hurried back the opposite direction, desperate to find Garrett and Ayden.[Chapter 23] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I hope this sooner post lifts someone's spirits. I know that writing these chapters definitely lifted mine. It's going to be a tough couple of weeks, since I'll be working through two weeks and two weekends without any days off. I'm starting this early, so I can hopefully post and keep things moving while I work rather hard, these next few weeks! Hopefully I have succeeded and it isn't too long after that last chapter, that you're reading this one. Does anybody who reads this have skill with art? I'm afraid I really can't draw, paint, or any such talent or art for the life of me! But I would love to see some interpretations of a few scenes —any, really, but there are definitely some I wish I could see in somebody else's vision even more than others. If anybody happens to draw something from the story, please let me know by PM, comment, or even email (it's my username at a mail service provided by Google)! If you have the urge to draw something but want or need suggestions, I am happy to make some. Otherwise, I will continue to just imagine it in my own way, but I really would love to see how somebody else envisions them! . . . Chapter 23: Reunited . Devon and Cornwall had never run so fast before. They didn't notice how much more smoothly their strides hit the ground, though, because they were straining to reach the angry human male they didn't like and that didn't like them but that had been an ally for a time. He seemed to have some attachment to the human female they liked and who liked them and shares life-giving warmth. Perhaps the angry human would be able to help her. The magical leaves that heal from the cave had been working well, before. They only hoped he would be strong enough to fight. Otherwise their friend human who shares warmth would be lost. Devon and Cornwall had never feared losing another being, before. Evening had fallen, and they strained onward, desperate to push through a little farther before they lost the remaining warmth to the chill of the night. Their tongues flicked wildly, tracing the familiar scent lingering in the brush. They were close. They could smell the angry male far more clearly than they had, before. Cornwall keened sharply, and ahead of them, something spun to face them. The angry human! He was here! At lassst! We have run all afternoon and into nightfall! We have sssearched long, for the angry human male and the magical being falcon! \"Why are you here?\" Garrett questioned sharply, startled and angry. He did not want a reminder, especially so soon, of what he had lost. \"I told you once before that I would not travel with you again, if you realized Camelot was not as welcoming as you had hoped.\" We never reached the cccity! Danger found usss! The evil human changed by madnesss has taken her! \"What?!\" Garrett demanded, furious and terrified at once. The one who twissstsss unruly magic to enssslave a gryphon blocked her path and ssstole the sssword! The metal human whossse mind isss weakened and with handsss of chainsss and metal ssspikesss bound her in the linksss of hisss armsss! \"No...!\" Garrett felt ice bloom in his chest. Even Ayden had thought the roads to be clear! Ruber had been behind them—how could his caravan have caught up to them after only two weeks?! They had traveled through the Forbidden Forest! It was impossible! We will tear him to piecccesss for daring to harm the female we like who likesss usss! He will fall by our clawwws and our teeth! He will know the dangersss of angering dragonsss! Garrett was so caught up in the confusion and agony that he did not notice the strange sound overlaying their hissing. What could he do?! Night had fallen...traveling through the Forbidden Forest at night was welcoming death. But they were not deep into the forest—perhaps the twin dragons could lead the way back to the path down to the road? But how would he catch up with the wagons...?! A piercing cry broke his chaotic thoughts and he raised his staff out of reflex, ready for Ayden's warning, to defend their small party. That smoke! The sparks! And those wings, budding outward! Ayden cried in alarm. He recognized these signs. \"What?!\" Garret exclaimed again. Too much was happening, too quickly! The change...it isss upon usss! Cornwall realized, delighted. But we have been angry in the passst... Devon pointed out, worried, It hasss never causssed the change! Fools! Have you never, in these many centuries, been united with burning purpose before now?! ...we have not. We alwaysss have been at oddsss... \"And now you unite over Lady Kayley's distress.\" Garrett noted, dryly. Of all the times! \"When will you be able to go?\" You mussst leave without usss! Devon hissed, silent voice almost gasping in pain. Ayden watched as the previously serpentine form of the hatchling dragons bubbled and swelled sickeningly, like a rotting thing about to burst from the inside. The change will take all of the night, or longer...for sssome it isss more than a day! Cornwall cried, already dreading the long-lasting pain that was only beginning. In the edges of the small clearing, the brush rustled. Garrett spun, raising his staff threateningly. It is the magic of their change. The forest senses something. Its creatures may respond. Ayden noted, with concern. If you leave them, they will die. They cannot defend themselves while their body bubbles and swells like this. Bubbles and swells?! Garrett barely resisted the urge to bend down and touch the brothers. He did not understand what could cause such torment, yet not kill them. Distraught, he growled, grinding his teeth. \"What am I to do?!\" Garrett shouted angrily up toward the canopy. The forest had not seemed so ominous in many years. But the enemy of the king now had Excalibur, and the noblewoman who had so valiantly served their liege was taken bound in chains! Every moment he spent was surely one that put Kayley's life in greater danger! \"They have arrived more quickly than should have been possible!\" Will you allow them to perish, for their loyalty to that gentlewoman? Ayden asked. Garrett growled again. Ayden knew him too well—he could not! But neither could he stay, when Kayley could be suffering at the hand of the mad and vile Ruber—the man who had killed his hope, his mentor...Kayley's own father! \"How quickly is this going?\" Garrett asked, frustrated. How long could he afford to wait? It is impossible to tell. Faster than some, it would seem. Perhaps with your protection, and my aid...we could insure it be as swift as possible. Ayden noted. Garrett was stunned, but nodded, taking a stance toward the rustling brush. His senses were focused on their surroundings, but his mind was even more jumbled now than before. Ayden was offering aid to the dragons?! Each moment brought new puzzles and shocks, greater than the one before! Garrett realized anew, as he had so many times on this fortnight-long journey, just how little he truly knew about his longest companion... . *~*~*~*~*~*ON THE MAIN ROAD*~*~*~*~*~* . Kayley was thrown bodily into a wagon, grunting painfully as her bruised body hit the floor and she rolled slightly. The was quickly startled back to full attention, however, when her unceremonious entrance disturbed the other contents of the wagon. \"Kayley?!\" cried a familiar voice. She scrambled up, ignoring her head spinning, and her eyes set sight on her mother, who was seated upon a crate. The sight of her mother, thin but apparently unharmed, was such a relief—but it also reminded her of her failure to fulfill the duty her mother had laid out for her to accomplish. The conflicting emotions overwhelmed her, and she threw her face into her mother's skirts like when she was a small child, and began to sob. \"Mother! I have failed you—we found and recovered Excalibur, but Ruber intercepted us despite cutting through the Forbidden Forest, which should have saved us a week's time!\" she cried. There was so much more to the story, but it couldn't all be spoken—she wasn't entirely certain she could put it all into words! \"Oh, Kayley...these metal men, and Ruber...there is such madness here! They have stolen so many horses, and then run them at full speed, until their deaths, and then steal more. 'Tis not your fault, my child, that they were able to catch you. There was no way that a sole rider was still ahead of us, and I have not stopped praying for an instant that, somehow, you were safe—I will never stop thanking Heaven for that...my precious daughter, you are safe!\" Despite the emotion in her voice, Juliana had been holding back tears for decades longer than Kayley, and not a one slipped from the noble matron's eyes. Kayley continued to sob, and her mother gently stroked her filthy hair. Her daughter had clearly tried to keep it bound, but she had left with nothing. It would be hours of care before she was presentable again. None of it mattered, to Lady Juliana, who was still mentally shouting prayers of gratitude, to follow up the many pleas she had made over the previous fortnight. If her pleading was great, she decided, her gratitude must then be twice as great, to repay the immeasurable favor of having her daughter returned to her alive and mostly whole. Juliana worried about whatever horrors her gentle daughter must have seen—but she had been there to soothe Lionel, when he had been through such hardships, and she would be there now to comfort her daughter, after her ordeal... . *~*~*~*~*~*AT DAWN*~*~*~*~*~* . Ayden was preoccupied enough doing something Garrett could not fathom to help the brothers through their trials. Nevertheless, the shrieks and keens had continued throughout the night—worsening, if anything—interspersed with squeals, and later, small roars. He could smell smoke, but he could ignore it, now. When he first picked up the smell of wood burning, knowing he had not yet set a fire, he turned to grab the incapacitated twins and flee. Ayden called to him sharply in his mind, then, and told him to stop and turn back to the enemy, not to touch the brothers. Because Garrett trusted Ayden, he obeyed, facing the small creatures that kept creeping into their small area cleared of brush, where Garrett had meant to make camp. That had been hours ago. The roaring and whining now was different from earlier, though Garrett had been so surrounded by the frequent noises that the slow changes had started to wash together—he was certain it was different than it had been, but he couldn't quite think of the degree to which their vocalizations had changed. He could sense the dawn, though, as could the fanged creatures and vine-armed plant attackers who had continued to creep up, attempting to snuff out the danger within their home. Garrett only hoped that his actions would not have once again set the forest against him , causing him to need to start over in his ability to fade into its ways. He could worry about that later. He had done it once, at the beginning of his hermitage—it would be a struggle, but he had done it once, and he could do it again. Perhaps it would even be easier, with the knowledge he had, now. Another hour passed, during which Garrett was able to rest, the forest still and more peaceful outside of his cleared circle. The brothers thrashing around was still loud, but their cries were slowing, and Garrett was able to eat some jerky and drink some water. He had not slept, keeping the vigil. It was strange, having been told not to touch them, but only about their swelling, bloated bodies. He listened to their slower, exhausted, pained cries, and thought suddenly that he must thank Ayden for keeping their cries out of his mind, and only in his physical ears. Once again, he was struck by his companion's power—now that he had a moment to think about it, it could be no other who had kept their anguish from reaching him. Surely in their distress, the twins could not have controlled it, knowing how even their milder emotions had so easily reached through others' boundaries in the past. He was sitting, resting, when suddenly he realized that something was wrong. He sprang up, suddenly alert, twisting with his staff...before it struck him that the wrongness was actually silence —the brothers had ceased their cries! \"Ayden! Instruct me—how do I help?!\" Garrett asked, hurrying toward them. He was interrupted by a fierce roar and stopped, raising his staff and twisting, trying to pick up the sounds of the brothers. They made not a stir, but instead, another roar joined the first. WE ARE DRAGONS! Yelled a rumbling mental voice...but one that was somehow familiar. \"...Devon?\" Garrett asked, stunned. The silent voice, somehow even it deeper and more gravelly than before, was nonetheless unmistakeable THOSE WHO TOOK WHAT IS PRECIOUS TO US WILL NOT LIVE TO REGRET THEIR MISTAKE! Cornwall added, snarling. One of the brothers turned first, and Garrett felt the blast of heat as fire streamed into the sky, quickly joined by another whooshing sound and another wave of hot air blowing across his face and unseeing eyes as the second brother joined the first. Stop that at once! Do you wish to burn down the forest, angering it further toward you?! Ayden snapped with an audible shriek, coming to land on Garrett's shoulder. The flames cut off abruptly, but a new confidence filled the twins' mental humming even with the familiar feel of their own chided remorse seeping into Garrett's mind. \"We've lost the night, but if you truly wish for revenge, the time is now at hand—if we are to find her alive, we must set off to intercept those who took the noblewoman without delay!\" At that, two furious roars bellowed out, and Garrett was worried as he heard a much larger form than he expected shuffling in front of him. CLIMB, THEN, ANGRY HUMAN, IF YOUR FURY MATCHES OURS. WE WILL FIND THEM QUICKLY IF WE TAKE TO THE SKIES. Stunned, but not about to argue at this helpful turn of fate, Garrett reached forward carefully until he touched rough, leathery scales—not much at all like the smooth, sleek skin of the brothers' serpentine form. Ayden lifted from his shoulder to allow him easier movement if he were to climb. He felt along the dragon's side, looking for a foothold. More to your left, Garrett. You must use their leg to step up, and then crawl forward along their back until you approach their shoulders. There you might sit, with the least chance to fall. Garrett did as instructed, trying not to feel fear at the thought of leaving the ground. His lack of sight was already problematic when he knew there might be ledges or cliffs. If he were to straddle a dragon in flight, not even his staff could help him keep from falling. TRY NOT TO FALL, ANGRY MALE HUMAN. Cornwall instructed firmly. IT WOULD SET US BACK SOME TIME, IF WE WERE TO MAKE TO CATCH YOU... Devon pointed out in agreement, before the brothers took off. Garrett tried not to think of whether or not that meant they weren't certain they would try, as he felt his stomach fall, and he clung to the rough hide under him for stability.[Chapter 24] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I am so excited to be getting so close! I hope that this newest update has you all as excited as I am, as we draw closer to the finish. I spent some rare free time trying to write as much as I could, so I could post these chapters at least weekly for you all for a few weeks. I hope that I have finished enough that the intention has worked out, and you're reading this not too long after the last! I really need to add a very special thank-you ere. I posted the art comment twice since that first time it was buried under the initial comment. I hope it didn't seem too forward or pushy- I certainly didn't mean to put anyone out! My only response was from the first time I posted it, from Flautist4ever. The offered art piece is uploaded on her Deviantart with their same handle...and it is absolutely amazing! I can't thank you enough, lovely. Just...wow! Thank you so much! . . Chapter 24: Camelot . Four more horses had died overnight, from the various wagons being pulled. Ruber's pace was relentless. Kayley and her mother were both given precious few sips of water, then bound and forced to sit, guarded, as the wagons bounced roughly down the road at full gallop. They raided farms through the night, taking fresh horses as they killed one after another with the harsh ride. Kayley was not certain whether or not the farmers were spared. She hoped they were. One more family I have failed... She didn't see any way, now, to stop Ruber. She could only hope that the Knights of the Round Table were gathered and in top condition, that the castle guards were battle-ready...and that her mother would find a way to give warning. Still, she tried to think of ways to help King Arthur and Camelot prepare, any way to rebel against the situation, where she and her mother would be forced accomplices to this treason and treachery! They had been over a day's ride from Camelot, she was sure of it—yet as the dawn rose, Camelot loomed startlingly near. Somehow, they had covered a day and a half, perhaps two days' distance, in the span between late afternoon and dawn. Her heart sank. No wonder Ruber's caravan had been waiting to meet her on the other side of the Forbidden Forest! If she had stuck to the roads, as she originally had planned, all would have been lost before the first day's end. And yet, even now, having come so far... \"Cut off her bonds!\" Came a sharp, horribly gleeful order. An axe-handed metal man sliced through the bindings on Lady Juliana's wrists, and she rubbed them, sore from being tied for so long. Ruber took his steel arm, melded to Excalibur as he was, and sliced through her gag, leaving the tip of the deadly, magical sword at her throat. \"Now, don't forget what you're to do, Juliana...it's time to do your part! And just remember, if you refuse...\" \"I will do my part!\" cried a knife-handed brute, clutching at her daughter! Kayley's eyes widened, and she shook her head, eyes pleading with her mother not to give in. She could see the tears in Kayley's eyes as her daughter pulled against the metal man's grip, trying to push back toward her mother through the binding and gag in her mouth. For now, Juliana was glad of them—they would keep her unruly daughter from bringing herself to harm. Juliana had to keep faith that the guards and the Knights would do their duty and protect the king. King Arthur was meant to wield Excalibur. It was destined! Surely, even stolen, the fey sword would not betray its master...? Juliana was still praying furiously as she was dragged up through the flaps to sit at the front of the wagon. Ahead of them, Camelot loomed ever closer. . *~*~*~*~*~*INSIDE THE CASTLE WALLS*~*~*~*~*~* . \"I beg you forgive this intrusion, Your Majesty,\" bowed the page who had just been shown to Arthur, once given leave to speak, \"I've been sent with a message from the tower guards.\" \"We shall hear it.\" Arthur said quickly, though his eyes remained on the maps he had just been brought some hours before, with the areas already searched, and the areas that were to be searched next, marked for his perusal. \"They said there are wagons approaching that fly Sir Lionel's flag.\" At that, Arthur looked up from his maps and papers hurriedly. \"They were certain of this?\" he asked sharplt. \"I expect they were, Sire, as they sent me to run and tell you without delay.\" \"They were right to do so—and you have done well coming swiftly here. Return to them, and tell them that if it is Lady Juliana herself, another message is to be run to me immediately, and she is to be shown straight to the Round Table. If it is a messenger or goods sent on her behalf, the conveyor is to be directed to my steward, who will settle any business on my behalf and direct any goods as necessary. I can be informed less urgently in that case.\" \"As you command, Sire.\" \"Go, then, and thank you.\" Arthur ordered, thereby excusing the page, who bowed and left at once. Arthur rubbed his beard thoughtfully. \"...she would have had to leave before the smoke signals, to arrive so quickly.\" he mused, turning to the figure quietly standing, unnoticed by most, in the corner. \"Indeed, Sire.\" Merlin intoned gravely, not breaking the king's thoughts. \"I am not sure if I am more concerned that she was already headed this way in such dangerous times, or that something so drastic happened that she sent a wagon and had the driver switch horses once or twice a day, to have made it here so quickly.\" he sighed, but Merlin said nothing. After pause for more thought, Arthur added a pondering comment. \"It has been many years that I have urged her consider my standing invitation. Even now, she is one of my most loyal vassals. She is truly the wife of my late friend—their loyalties and characters are a like pair even so many years after his death. If she has sent some sort of message, it is undoubtedly news I shall want to hear.\" \"Then your choice was wise, Sire. Now there is only to wait.\" Merlin noted calmly. Arthur nodded, with a sigh, and pushed his good hand through his hair. Would that his arm were healing more quickly! . *~*~*~*~*~*AT THE CASTLE GATES*~*~*~*~*~* . \"It is Lady Juliana!\" Boomed one of the guards on the wall, looking out and confirming the identity of the travel-worn woman sitting at the front of one of the wagon. \"Open the gates and lower the bridge—we must admit her at once!\" The large gears began clanking. Kayley could hear them, even from within the wagon. She was being guarded by two metal men, still bound with a knife-arm to her throat as they waited for the drawbridge to lower. Several minutes later, she heard the slam of its fall—how ominous it sounded now, despite having dreamed of it lowering to admit her for years! Her dreams had never included anything like this peril. Ruber smirked, filled with fiendish glee as he hid beneath his cowled cloak. It would be the utmost rudeness to offer the Lady, he knew, to doubt one she had brought as part of her escort. The roads, even now, could be dangerous—and these were more dangerous, worrisome times, after all! Nobody expected the widow to travel without her own guards. He grinned maliciously and plodded along, almost trembling with the excitement and opportunity rising as he grew ever nearer to the King's Keep. To Kayley, it felt like plodding along to the gallows as the wagons slowly rolled in, following the widest of the town roads, barely fitting along some of them. Her guard was getting agitated, anticipation and excitement clearly beginning to take a toll on the monstrous, metal man. The other one must have been a \"younger\" creation, as he sat placidly on a crate, watching with axe-hands raised. Kayley's mind whirred...they were clearly getting as close as they could to the King's Keep before springing their attack. She looked around frantically, searching for something— anything ! —she could do! In a moment of fortune—or perhaps of providence, if one asked Juliana—the wagon jolted on a missing cobblestone. Kayley did not hesitate even a moment before swinging her foot out while the knife-armed metal man peeking through a small hole in the wagon's covering was still unbalanced. With a cry that was almost a roar, he fell backwards, through the floor of the wagon. For a moment, nothing happened. Kayley sprung up, ready to dodge or attack the second guard...but to her surprise, he knelt, bowing his head. \"...My Lady...\" he grumbled, before raising his head. \"Ropes...\" Stunned, but suddenly recognizing the man through the changes, she hurried to him, holding her bound arms out as far from her body as she could. The metal monster slashed through the bindings, and then Kayley made swift work of yanking off her gag and bursting out through the front of the wagon, screaming a warning for all to hear as the first monstrosity scrambled, trying to climb back up into the wagon before being noticed. \"BEWARE—IT'S A TRAP! WE ARE CAPTURED!\" she yelled. Immediately, the guards escorting them yelled, drawing their swords, the nearest charging back toward the wagons to rescue the women, the rest charging after the galloping, laughing Ruber and the metal men who suddenly poured from the other wagons to aide him in his storm of the King's Keep. Some were Children screamed. Mothers yelled. Men grabbed their farming tools—or whatever was on hand—and sent their families fleeing for safety before joining the fray, trying to hold off metal men from advancing forward toward their King or backward toward their families. Nobody managed, however, to stop Ruber from galloping to the keep and bolting in...in toward the room where King Arthur often met with his Knights—the room that held the Round Table! The metal men who had been just behind him turned and blocked the entrance. Without hesitation, the guards started to fight, desperate to fight their way to the aid of King Arthur. Some yards ahead of the wagon holding Juliana and Kayley, the few guards who had turned to come to the aid of the two ladies were fighting two metal men, who were flinging them like ragdolls, holding them back with ease. Arrows bounced off of them, spears were brushed aside like saplings, and deadly metal arms of various tools slashed and sliced at the brave guards. Kayley, seeing the desperate situation, grabbed her mother behind the elbows, her heart already breaking at the parting she was about to give. \"...I must go to my King!\" Kayley cried, eyes pleading, hoping her mother could understand. The axe-armed man climbed into the front of the wagon along with Lady Juliana and Kayley. Juliana yanked her daughter, trying to put the young woman behind herself, but Kayley reassured her quickly. \"Mother, it's the carpenter's son! He released me from my bonds when the jolting of the wagon allowed me to knock the other metal man down—he is still loyal to us!\" At that, the metal monster groaned and bowed its head. \"If what my daughter says is true...we can never repay you, for your loyalty. You have saved my daughter—perhaps even the Kingdom, if there is any chance for it to be saved! We will do anything we can to honor your service.\" \"...my fiancée...\" he groaned, voice still sluggish despite his obviously clearer thinking than two weeks before. \"...please...care for her...\" he requeste, before standing from his previous bow and jumping off the front of the wagon. He took up a guarding position, and Kayley squeezed her mother's arms before jumping off the wagon's carriage to the side, running for the wall and the scaffolding where repairs were being done from the attack a fortnight before. She ignored her mother's alarmed cries, only hoping that she and the poor carpenter's son—that poor woman's fiancé! —would survive the battle. She held back tears, reminding herself that she had wished to live and die in service to King Arthur. Now that the chance—that the desperate need —was there...was she to back down? No! Unthinkable! She had already failed too many times, before. This , certainly, was the moment of truth! She scrambled up the rough wall, finding whatever handholds and footholds she could, hands slightly more callused than when she first set out, those short weeks before. Her heart was racing, blood surging through her muscles. She could not stop until she had reached the king! Kayley reached the scaffolding, and starting running across, hardly heeding the height—or the distance below her. In most circumstances, that would have helped her focus, and prevented her from startling or falling...but it did not account for the vigil of the gryphon. A shrieking roar broke her concentration, and she looked up just in time to turn and scramble back. The gryphon was flying rapidly toward her—or really, toward the scaffolding. She barely reached the castle wall before the gryphon burst through the wood, tearing down the scaffolding with hardly any notice at all. It broke like playthings, falling down to the town below as only so much damaged wood. \"My orders are clear, human...defend the Keep! I will allow nobody to pass that I see, and my eyes are keen...!\" came the roared warning. Added to that, in the silent voice that she somehow knew was directed only to her, came an added message. REMEMBER WHAT I HAVE TOLD YOU... With that, the fey creature flew up and away, circling around the tower. Unfortunately, it wasn't the only guardian Ruber had set to stop intruders—metal men were running along the wall, trapping Kayley at a dead end with a steep drop! She scrambled up on the wall's edge, not thinking it would necessarily help, but desperately trying to distance herself as far possible from those weapon-arms! She reeled, narrowly avoiding two swipes from wide blades spanning one creature along the side of each forearm to the elbow— ...and fell over the edge. . *~*~*~*~*~*IN THE CASTLE PROPER *~*~*~*~*~* . Arthur, shielded from the sounds of struggle outside the keep, quickly made his way through the secret passages near his quarters to the main keep, having received the dispatched message he had previously requested, that Lady Juliana herself truly had arrived. The passage was heavily shielded, consisting of tunnels made with thick rock, to protect him in case of a need to evacuate to the more fortified Keep, where he and some guards could stay, even besieged, for some time. One of the chambers in that keep was the room with the Round Table. Lady Juliana would be arriving there, once she was escorted into the castle. He had specifically requested such. His loyal vassal, widow of his dear friend, would be received with honor and dignity befitting her station...and her sacrifice. He wondered idly if their daughter had accompanied her mother—it had been many years since he had seen the child, only a wisp of a girl as she had wept over her father's loss. The sight had torn his heart, even more than Lady Juliana's miserable, pale face, usually so sharp and full of life and intelligence. He had seen neither, since. Perhaps the girl required a suitable arrangement. If Lady Juliana made such a request for Lionel's only heir, Arthur would spare no trouble in finding the most comfortable situation possible for the girl. Surely his friend's soul would rest easier, were his daughter in a secure match, rather than facing possible destitution and isolation in their lands... The thick stone walls and the distance of the sheltered keep from the courtyard where the skirmish was breaking out prevented the concerned king from hearing any hints of what was to come.[Chapter 25] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: I have been writing with such furious desperation! I almost don't know how I could possibly have written so much in so little time! I hope it will make up, if even in some small way, for the spans of months and months during which there were no updates, throughout the years. I can't promise that this regular stretch will last much (or any) longer, but I do hope that it's been enjoyable, and that it has kept you all excited (and entertained!) I can't begin to say how grateful I am, and how grateful I have been all along, for all of your comments, your favorites, your follows, your words of encouragement. For every person who stumbled upon this story and said \"I liked reading this—I hope you're still writing it!\" ( even though I have continued to assure you all that — and continued to be honestly devoted to insuring that — I would continue this story and/or post a discontinuation notice if it became too much )...thank you, for pressing me to keep coming back to this. Sometimes I needed that little bit of urgency and hope to push me to write just a little more, when writer's block struck. For all of you who have returned, again and again, excited when I've posted new chapters, telling me how happy you are that I've come back...thank you, so very, very much! Familiar \"faces\" warmed my heart, and reminded me why I was determined to make sure I finish this. We're not done yet, of course—but as we grow ever closer, I thought it was definitely time to reiterate just how deeply I feel that appreciation toward all of you, and just how crucial those tiny words of encouragement were to my being able to push through and keep writing this. I truly couldn't have kept going without thoughts of you all egging me on, and your kind and(/or) encouraging words pushing me forward. Thank you so much! . . . Chapter 25: Sir Lionel's Heir . Kayley gasped as she flailed, falling backwards—only to have it cut off as she was steadied and pulled to a precarious crouch. She almost struggled against the grip on her, furious and uncomfortable being grabbed unexpectedly...but then she realized who it was who had caught her. \"Goodman Garrett!\" she cried, besides herself with joy, relief, and concern. Their precarious position shifted, and they were forced sideways off of their platform, Kayley calling out a warning for Garrett to roll. Impressively, he positioned himself to obey, trusting she knew they could safely land, despite the terror of falling without sight. While his landing was rougher than hers, seeing exactly where the wall was below them, it was still quite impressive to the woman who knew he could not see. \"...Lady Kayley.\" Garrett finally responded to the greeting, taking up a stance with his staff to fend off the metal monsters...only to be shaken by a terrible roar as a shadow passed close overhead, causing Kayley to scream. But the shadow—no, a creature!—swooped low before them and swept the metal men off of the tower with a powerful swing of its tail. THOSE WHO WOULD HARM THE FEMALE HUMAN FRIEND WILL SUFFER TAIL, TOOTH, AND CLAW! WE WILL INSURE THAT THOSE WHO SEIZED HER WILL PAY FOR THEIR CRIME AGAINST DRAGONS! \"I must beg your pardon for tarrying. There was...unfinished business, to tend overnight.\" he noted, before being interrupted by another furious roar. \"...at least they seem to be able to control their voices better.\" he noted dryly. Kayley gaped, shocked for a moment. \"...Devon? Cornwall...?!\" she gasped, stunned. She could hardly reconcile the majestic, awe-inspiring, and terrifying beast before her to the flimsy, serpentine brothers of whom she had grown fond during their travels. Yes, Lady Kayley. Yes, Dragon-Friend . Tears stung her eyes, and she gave a deep curtsy, bowing her head. \"I am honored to see you in your true form...and honored to be called your friend. I must beg your aid once again, though you have just saved my life.\" As you saved ours, Devon noted, in the chill of the tunnels, and the cool of the forest. We do not forget, even with our own fire now in our belly... Cornwall assured her. \"Please...prevent the gryphon from harming as many as you can—but take care to avoid arrows and crossbow bolts! I have seen the metal monsters use them before, and I do not know how the town folk will react to a dragon so majestic and fearsome as you.\" she flattered and instructed at once, as only a noble might do with such finesse. \"Goodman Garrett and I must find a way to pass unseen by the gryphon, if we are to reach our King—we must try to come to his aid, before it is too late! If you can distract the beast, it may yet be possible to save Camelot! We will not be defeated! Powerful though the beast may be, dragons will prevail! We will fly with the strength of our kind! We will best and thwart the gryphon in the air! As will I! Came a rich call, accompanied by a falcon's screech, as Ayden dove down, swooping in arcs before the Keep, drawing the gryphon's attention. With a roar, it chased him. Ayden swooped over the gryphon's head, scratching the beast with sharp talons and drawing a furious roar as it turned to chase him, mouth wide. \"Ayden!\" We will defend him...GO! Devon ordered sharply, his rumbling silent voice still so strange, so new—yet somehow painfully familiar to Kayley. BEWARE THE WRATH OF DRAGONS, WHEN YOU HUNT A KINDRED FEY! Bellowed Cornwall with palpable mental fury, and they sped through the air, wings beating hard, making Kayley's ears ring with the pressure waves of the powerful strokes against the air. \"Where is the King?!\" Garrett asked, at once back on-task. Kayley grabbed his hand and ran toward the nearest guard-post, heading to the steep stairs down to the town within the walls. \"He's trapped in the King's Keep! The metal men are preventing anyone from coming to his aid, and the gryphon is guarding the air—there is no way inside!\" Kayley fretted through panting breaths as she ran. \"...no...there is a way!\" Garrett said, hope blossoming in his chest. \"Quickly—to the stables!\" . *~*~*~*~*~*INSIDE THE KEEP*~*~*~*~*~* . Arthur was surprised that something in the room was stirring when he arrived—surely his guest could not have been shown in before him?! Still, he called uncertainly into the hall. \"...Lady Juliana?\" he asked, voice polite but commanding. If she were to hear him, she would have no choice but to respond to her King. Of course, knowing Juliana, it would be without hesitation or bitterness. Never once had she or her late husband shirked his call. Whatever had brought her to Camelot, in these dire times...he would hear her. \"Alas,\" came an all-too-familiar voice, dripping with venom and glee. \"I fear I am not the guest you seek. Though surely you must be pleased to meet an old friend?\" Ruber asked, grinning wickedly as he stood from the table. Despite the doubts that rose momentarily, King Arthur pushed them back down. Lady Juliana, Sir Lionel's widow, would never betray him. This was the man who had killed her husband, Arthur's dear friend and fiercely loyal vassal. If anything...Ruber's presence along with Lady Juliana's appearance meant some harm had come to his friend's surviving wife. Arthur steadied himself, dominant arm still in its sling, and grabbed a pike with his good hand—the one he less often used. Grimly, he set himself against his bitter foe. \"...Ruber.\" he spat with venom. . *~*~*~*~*~*AT THE STABLES*~*~*~*~*~* . The ride to the stables had been terrifying. Garrett had heard an escaped horse and swung up into the saddle without hesitation. Kayley suddenly remembered that he had spent his youth tending such beasts. \"You must count the streets aloud as we pass them, so I can find our way—where are we now?\" he demanded, offering Kayley a hand and helping pull her up in front of him. Kayley had the strange and sudden memory of being swung up before a Knight, when she intercepted her father's funeral procession. The chilling parallel made her shudder, and Garrett drew back the fraction that he could, thinking it was the closeness that had disquieted her. Kayley ignored the situation, focusing on the more desperate one at hand. Besides, it should have distressed her as such, to be so physically close to a man. \"We are astride a horse, with the main gates down a long ways to the right, and the king's keep behind us and to our left. Ahead there is a bubbling fountain—\" \"On the right or left?\" \"In front, but on the right.\" Kayley confirmed, refusing to bristle at the interruption. Time was of the essence, and she was simply serving as his eyes. Even after so many years, even without his sight, Garrett knew the town infinitely better than Kayley, seeing it for the first time—and in such dire circumstances! —could hope even to guess. \"Keep it immediately on our right and go down the road in front of us—the one nearest the fountain.\" he ordered, and kicked his heels into the horse's side with a yelled command. It took off as a gallop and Kayley leaned forward, squinting as its mane flew up and the wind struck her eyes. She yelled as loudly and clearly as she could as they passed each street, counting aloud. \"ONE...TWO...THREE—\" she counted, and Garrett suddenly veered to the left. Several streets further, it was repeated to the right. When they turned one corner, Kayley yelled in fright—\"FIRE!\" and Garrett veered them to the right and took them around several blocks, the horse whinnying in terror. But Garrett kept the beast steady, forcing it onward firmly. When it saw the stables, it bolted toward them, despite Garrett's attempts to steady its pace. The beast had finally startled, and would not be calmed. It crashed through the partially-open doors, and its riders were flung unceremoniously off of its back as it kicked in the doors of its stalls. \"...good thing for the hay.\" Kayley said, dazed momentarily. \"Not the most terrible ride, all things considered.\" Garrett grunted in his usual brusque way, quickly righting himself and feeling around for... something . Kayley sighed with exasperation and barely-calming fear, but followed the hermit. \"What are you...?\" she started to ask, but was cut off by his exultant cry as he hurriedly scooped hay away with his hands, revealing a hatch with handles, which he pried open with difficulty. \"Here! The passage to the castle—quickly, we have already lost too much time!\" he cried, pulling her forward. She hesitated as they reached the bottom. \"B-but I cannot see!\" she objected, only realizing after she blurted it out how ridiculous such a complaint must sound, to him, and her cheeks burned with shame. She almost apologized, but the words pinched off in her throat as a calloused hand gently took hers, urgency still apparent. \"Fear not, Noblewoman...this time, I will be your eyes.\" he assured her, but he didn't stop to give her time to consider before pressing quickly on, rushing them down the passageway, staff sweeping expertly and swiftly before them, pace at near-run. . *~*~*~*~*~*INSIDE THE KEEP*~*~*~*~*~* . \"A measly pike !\" Ruber sneered, laughing maliciously, teeth bared in a vicious grin. \"Oh, how the mighty have fallen! Why, a king should wield a mightier weapon—a true king would wield...EXCALIBUR!\" he shouted gleefully, throwing back the draped fabric of his cape, revealing the horrible marriage of his flesh to the magical blade. Arthur recoiled at the horrible sight, which only fed Ruber's mad delight. He cackled, eyes bright and wild. The renegade struck, and Arthur grunted with the strain of parrying, feeling his injured arm jarring. Even with all of Merlin's tending, it was not back to full force. Could his friend sense his need? Was anyone aware of the traitor who had sneaked into the castle? A roar outside the window of the keep, and the golden glow of fire startled him, suggesting that more than just this attempt at regicide was happening in his castle. Arthur felt simultaneous pangs of fury, and anguish. My people! In his anger and desperation, Arthur attempted to land a daring blow—but his stronger arm right now was not his more practiced one, and the evil man parried it easily, using the momentum of his swing to knock Arthur backwards, the sovereign's back hitting the Round Table and knocking the breath from his lungs with a painful blow. The king barely managed to roll and evade the next attack. He lifted the pike to block another strike, but the magical sword split the wood easily, despite its strength and quality. Arthur paled as the end with the head was ripped from his grasp with the sickening twist of the stump that ought have been Ruber's hand, spinning the sword to wrench the pike-head away. Leaning heavily on his good arm, Arthur backed away across the table, looking to each side in desperation for something to use to his advantage! Ruber advanced, grinning and cackling, staring down into his previous liege's face with mad, wild eyes. \"I spent years, Arthur , planning this revenge!\" he confessed, grinning. \"It is only fitting that I have it on you as well as Sir Lionel ...\" he taunted, deadly quiet with his horrible grin widening, the blade of fey Excalibur pointing directly at Arthur's heart. The mad man continued. \"The old fool could not hold my rise forever. How fitting, that his life prove to be sacrificed in vain, after all.\" Ruber mocked, before yelling. \"PREPARE FOR THE RISE OF A NEW KING!\" \"RUBER!\" Yelled a voice sharply, causing the man to flinch and look away from his unarmed enemy. \"I will not serve a false king!\" Kayley echoed her father's final words, yanking with all her might on a scaffold rope, causing it to swing forward...taking her with it. She clung with all her might, trying not to scream as she plummeted—but the scaffolding held, and the thick beam swung forward, knocking Ruber off his feet and backwards through the ground-level window. Kayley was flung with him, managing somehow to roll with the hard landing, pained but mostly uninjured. Her head rang with the impact, but she wasn't dizzy like after her blow to the head that first night, fleeing from the wicked man before her. Shocked and disturbed by the display and the stranger, with her familiar words, Arthur struggled up, stumbling after the two, through the broken window and into the courtyard sheltered by the Keep. He was startled yet again as a travel-worn man with a staff, who was clutching his side, passed him on quiet feet, running directly for the screaming madman and the slight woman in the courtyard. Seemingly fearless, the man ran, swinging his staff in a desperate strike as Ruber yelled, aiming a blow for the woman. Noticing the attack, Ruber crouched and spun, changing directions and slicing through the staff. The fearless man overbalanced and fell, clutching desperately around on the ground, his staff in pieces. Why doesn't he at least retrieve the pieces, or otherwise flee?! Arthur wondered, watching his strange grabbing. \"Foolish scavenger...did you really think a blind man could best me? He who commands gryphons and melds with the mighty Excalibur?!\" Ruber demanded, enraged. \"What strength have you now, without even your sad little stick to help you play at glory?\" he mocked, grabbing the man by the hair and yanking, snapping his neck back. Kayley gasped, but held back further cries, furious on Garrett's behalf but unable to stop the merciless taunting. He was flung back toward her, head banging against the stone behind her with a sharp crack ! Kayley crouched, pulling him up, and he stood, clutching her shoulders for support, swaying on his feet. Kayley's stomach dropped. Without his vision, he was at an even steeper disadvantage without his balance. Then she suddenly realized against which stone they were leaning. \"Hold your ground...\" she prompted softly, clutching his arms firmly. Garrett blinked in recognition, setting his jaw, and turned his face toward where he knew Ruber must be advancing, ears ringing and world spinning despite its darkness. He did not see any way for them to live...but perhaps the king would, if he had fled when they provided this distraction. It would be best for the whole kingdom, if he had. \"NOW!\" Kayley yelled, shoving him away from her and rolling away in the opposite direction herself. The rock, which had appeared solid, parted like butter, sealing the sword within. Ruber was confused and startled at first, then screamed in rage...and then in agony, as burning fire consumed the sword hilt, forcibly breaking the bonds between flesh and steel. He shrieked—a horrible, raw, mad cry—and yelled for the creature he had enslaved. \"KILL THEM! COME TO ME, GRYPHON, AND KILL THEM!\" he screeched furiously, before he was screaming again. The sickening stench of burning flesh met Kayley's nose. The repeated falls and hard landings, not to mention lack of food, water, and sleep, were building. Her eyes were harder to focus, and her head was throbbing. The uncomfortable ill sensations, combined with the horrible, charred odor, made her feel as though she may be sick. The gryphon swooped down toward the forced master binding the creature, giving a terrible roar...but as he neared, the hilt finally separated from Ruber's remaining arm, causing a small spray of blood before the unholy fires cauterized the wound, which was suddenly sprouting a small, lengthening stump. ...for the gryphon, though, a few drops were all that was needed. The bare couple that touched its flesh seemed a lightning strike of magic and power to the beast, as the gryphon felt magic and glorious freedom returning! It roared triumphantly—and without further warning, snapped off the evil man's head, cutting off his cries mid-scream. It was a sickening likeness to a bird swallowing a worm, in Kayley's mind, as the creature gulped down its prize before releasing another victorious roar. Consumed still by the powerful magical flames, the villain's body burned and disappeared without a trace as a ring of bright, white-hot magic exploded outward from the stone. Kayley could hear screams and terror outside the sheltered courtyard, and was almost shaken from her feet, crouching to keep her balance, unsure what might have occurred in the rest of the town from the blast. In a moment, it had passed, and Kayley's eyes settled on the hermit, clutching his side on the ground. \"Goodman Garrett!\" she cried, alarmed. \"Your wound—is it reopened?!\" \"Worry not, Noblewoman...there is no damage here that forest leaves will not fix quickly.\" he insisted, turning toward her voice as she scrambled toward him to assist the man—but the king reached the hermit, first. Arthur had hurried toward them from where he had stood, helplessly watching in his wounded state, but unwilling to abandon those who would give their lives for him. He extended his own hand to Garrett. \"Goodman, reach forward, and take my left hand.\" Instructed the king, Garrett's eyes widened—he recognized that voice, from years of straining to hear it, of straining to see its owner, when the king would give addresses to the people of the town. He obeyed immediately, despite his shock at being honored enough to be invited to touch the King ! As soon as he had righted himself, he quickly lowered himself back down into a kneel. From years ago, Sir Lionel's voice echoed through his mind, whispering, Kneel before the altar and before your king. Not before me. While he had dreamed of such a day for years, Garrett had never—surely not in many years, at least—truly expected such an honor would ever come to pass. Not for him. \"Y-Your Majesty!\" Kayley stammered, hating herself for the slip of her tongue—but her whole body was shaking with exertion and exhaustion. She forced herself down low into her deepest, most formal curtsy, holding herself there without moving despite her trembling limbs. \"Rise, Sir Lionel's Daughter.\" King Arthur intoned formally, and she obeyed gratefully. \"Sire, I shame myself and dishonor you, to present myself , and in such a state!\" she fretted, the strange upset flooding her that her first introduction to the king should be in such circumstances. To her surprise and horror, the king laughed—just a few, warm-sounding chuckles. \"You save my life, risking your own—and then fret over your toilette while doing so.\" he pointed out the futility of the worry. \"Fear not, Sir Lionel's daughter...be you dressed in rags or fine robes, today you have proven yourself truly your father's heir.\"[Chapter 26] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: Little slower, admittedly...but I just couldn't let too much more time go by. I won't be able to keep up the pace—I warned you it was coming, and obviously, the time came that my lack of free time hit abruptly. I had just one week before where I worked about 100 hours (and the average over the four was still just under 80—about 79.8, actually) but lately my time has bordered my limits, and it has been almost all I could do to work and sleep in between. As promised, I'm being upfront about the likely slow in pace as early as I can. I make no promises about a regular schedule for now...but thankfully, we're finally heading toward the end, so hopefully you won't be too long in waiting for the final closure of the fic. That is my hope, anyway! It's probably going to be a few chapters, still, before we reach the end...but I wanted at least one more chapter promptly, to get us heading there. I hope you will all forgive me, and that the updates I can manage will be enjoyable! Thank you all so much for sticking with me this long. You continue to bring me joy and excitement on tough days and through long hours! I have been encouraged and urged on by every follow and favorite, and especially your comments. Thank you all! . . . Chapter 26: The Aftermath . Out on the main road, a crowd had gathered. They stared in horror as the blast spread outward, and the cries and shrieks of men and beast filled the courtyards. Some of them, mercenary ruffians whom Ruber had tempted with promises of power and bounty, tried to flee, and were quickly stopped by the guards and the angry townsfolk. Some of them, like the carpenter's son, just yelled and clutched at themselves, looking sick and confused, slowly gathering their bearings. For several minutes, there was the stunned stillness and horror at seeing such strange magics up close. Then, inevitably, came the chaos. \"TRAITOR!\" yelled one of the townsfolk, clutching a wounded son who had decided to defend his mother and sisters with the grown men. \" You brought this evil into our midst! SEIZE HER! SEIZE THE TRAITOR!\" The boy groaned in his kinsman's arms, looking clammy. Also clammy, but determined, the carpenter's son grabbed up the metal instrument that had so recently been unnaturally melded to him, and prepared to defend his lady-liege. \"Another traitor to help the first! But we'll teach them both that the price of high treason is death !\" Snarled another angry townsman, brandishing a scythe that was dented already from the fray. The crowd began to murmur, and the murmur rose to a rowdy grumbling, which then became angry jeering as the mob began to close in on the lady and young man. \"Hold!\" came a voice so firm and commanding, carrying over the threats and causing everyone to turn. Jeering quickly became awed murmuring as the guards dropped to one or both knees. The King of Camelot had arrived! Lady Juliana swept into her lowest curtsy as the carpenter's son dropped everything and fell to his knees, shaking in the presence of King Arthur himself! \"Lady Juliana,\" Arthur said formally, \"rise.\" he commanded. She rose, though the young man stayed kneeling, head down and frightened. The king was a powerful swordsman, and he had just started to think he might keep his head and make it home to become a married man! \"What grievance have you against this noble woman?\" Arthur asked gravely, looking around at the mob, which was starting to look nervous. The original inciter, though, boldly dared to reply. \"TREASON! She brought those monstrosities into our town! She must pay for her crimes!\" the man demanded. King Arthur's face darkened. \"Do you dare to tell me who must be punished and how?\" he demanded, and the angry man shrank back. Nervous whispers broke out amongst the crowd. \"N-no, Your Majesty! Of course not!\" \"Then I would hear what the lady has to say.\" King Arthur insisted firmly, before turning to her and again acknowledging her with a small nod. \"Lady Juliana. Your husband was my most loyal Knight, and my dear friend. You have served Camelot faithfully since his fateful passing, defending me ten years ago, from the very man who again attacked today.\" At this revelation, murmurs broke out in the crowd, and Lady Juliana bowed her head in sorrow. \"The gates of Camelot have always been open to you, due to his—and your family's—sacrifice. Then today, the first day you have used the privilege bestowed upon you, the traitor reentered to attack again, hidden in your caravan! What say you concerning this?\" Angry and agreeing murmurs started to rise, only to fall silent with a hard stare from the King of Camelot. \"Your Majesty, the wicked Ruber invaded our lands some weeks ago, and took me and Sir Lionel's daughter, Kayley, captive, due to knowledge of the very privilege you have described.\" At this, shocked, horrified, and angry murmurs again built. \"He forged men of steel with an unholy concoction he poured into our water, throwing the men and metal in together and drawing out the horrors you saw. Even now, I don't know how they were formed, or why they fell back apart.\" Lady Juliana noted warily. Like most people, the obvious work of the occult in all of these events made her wary and uncomfortable. \"My daughter was able to escape when the fiends lowered their guard—as they slaughtered our winter livestock.\" Juliana noted bitterly. Now that the ordeal was over, she would return to lands without a well and without livestock to feed the house or the surrounding lands in the winter. \"Once she slipped from where they had bound us, she fled with a horse in an attempt to reach Camelot before Ruber and his twisted servants. Please, Sire—if you truly loved my husband, you must send help to find her, his only heir! She ran to your aid, when Ruber locked himself in the King's Keep, and never returned!\" \"Peace, Lady Juliana. All is well.\" King Arthur promised, and Lady Juliana looked back at her husband's friend with desperate hope, eyes bright with fearful tears. So soon after being reunited with her daughter, she had run straight back into harm's way! \"Your daughter did find me, and come to my aid. Truly, it is thanks to your daughter and a brave Townsman that I am alive...and that Excalibur is returned!\" he noted, drawing the sword with his left hand and raising into the air. Everyone stared in awe at the powerful blade, returned to its rightful master...and began to cheer. \"Come forward, Lady Kayley.\" Arthur commanded, and Kayley pushed through the crowd, which parted reverently to let her pass. She, too, fell into a deep curtsy when she approached the king. \"Rise.\" \"Mother!\" Kayley said, in a mixture of relief and fear, and Juliana grabbed her hands firmly, though she truly wanted to embrace her daughter. \"What say you now of the Ladies of the House of Sir Lionel?\" Arthur asked the crowd, half encouragingly, and half threateningly. A few hesitant cheers broke out. The man who had cried for justice now shrank back, afraid of punishment himself for his hastiness. \"I declare a feast tomorrow! A feast to honor my fallen friend, and the surviving Ladies of his house, who have continued to so faithfully serve me, in fulfillment of his legacy!\" The cheers rose again at the prospect of feasting and festivities. At this, though, Kayley curtsied low again, head bowed. \"Your Majesty,\" she said, in a tone of plea that surprised those who had heard her just honored. Why was she groveling instead of joyously thanking the King?! \"We are honored by your overwhelming generosity. Still, I pray you, honor also those friends and helpers without whom we never could have succeeded in reaching you in time. Goodman Garrett, who was once a stable boy in your own Royal Stables...and the Dragons, named Devon and Cornwall—in your honor.\" she said humbly, not rising. The crowd murmured in alarm, looking around. \"Dragons? You have had their cooperation in this?\" Arthur asked, astonished. Kayley only bowed lower within her curtsy, legs trembling with effort after the long ordeal, murmuring a confirmation. \"And they are here?\" At that, a loud roar emanated from the walls of the castle, and one—then two—columns of fire shot into the air. Kayley somehow managed to hold back a smile at their carrying-on. \"Yes, Sire. I begged their assistance to fight the gryphon who terrorized your people, blocking the King's Keep from entry by those who would help you. It was for that reason that Goodman Garrett's help was so crucial. Without his assistance, and the dragons' occupying of the gryphon...there would have been no attempt at rescue possible. So you see, Sire...I cannot possibly accept your gratitude, without their recognition as well!\" Kayley groveled. \"Rise, Lady Kayley.\" Arthur insisted once again, concerned at her unsteadiness. Her mother grabbed her shoulders in fear for the same, once she stood. \"It will be exactly as you have asked. But for now—a carriage!\" Arthur yelled, and several townsmen started and bolted to nearby houses to grab one. \"The Lady is clearly unwell. Lady Juliana, you and your daughter must accept my hospitality and come stay in the Castle. My own physicians will be in to see you both shortly; the ordeal, I am sure, has been terrible. And once you are both well, I will need the full account of it.\" As the ladies were helped weakly up into the carriage, Kayley looking somewhat faint, Arthur spoke a soft promise. \"Fear not, Lady Kayley. Rest and be well; I will do as I have promised, and Goodman Garrett and these fearsome dragons will be tended and invited as guests of honor. For now, you must recover, for it would not do to lose my most faithful vassals. Not when I have already lost the one, before.\" *~*~*~*~*~*LATE THAT EVENING*~*~*~*~*~* There was a knock on the door. Warily, Juliana and Kayley stood and went to open the door. They had rested most of the afternoon, after being washed and bandaged and poulticed, not to mention fed tinctures and broths of every kind. King Arthur also sent up a team of tailor and seamstresses to alter a few fine dresses for wives of nobles for them, and to measure to have new clothes made that would be more pleasing to the ladies. lady Juliana was, once again, impressed by the king's kindness and good intuition. After such a long, forced journey in the same clothes, and the terrible ordeal of the forced travel, simple trappings of proper living like clean dresses and bathing made all the difference to helping her—and hopefully her daugher—regain some semblance of normalcy, so they could begin to recover. She exchanged a glance with Kayley, and then opened the door, only to see a young boy. \"Who are you, and why do you knock at this late hour?\" Lady Juliana asked, calmly but firmly. If there was mischief afoot, she would have the news immediately. \"Forgive me, Lady Juliana.\" The page said with a bow. \"I come bearing a message from King Arthur. He requests your and your daughter's presence in the library at half past the hour.\" \"Thank you, Master Page. You have done your duty well. Please tell His Majesty that we will be there as requested. You may go.\" Juliana directed, and the boy rose and hurried off again. When the door was closed, she turned to Kayley. \"Are you prepared to discuss all that has passed in the last weeks?\" she asked gently. There was no way around it, now, but she was concerned for her daughter, so recently through her ordeal. \"I will present myself and speak,\" Kayley noted, \"for my King has summoned me.\" Lady Juliana smoothed her daughter's hair. She was proud...so very proud. Still, she had a mother's worry—after all, her daughter had never answered the question asked. Still, she allowed her daughter to get ready and also prepared herself, for their audience with their king. Guards were in the corridor, and two broke off from the spaced line down the hall to accompany them to their destination. When they arrived to the library, the door was open, and the ladies entered unhindered. There were more guards standing nearby, as might be expected, and the ladies dropped into deep curtseys, only to be told to rise and then greeted warmly by King Arthur himself. In an almost shocking display of trust, he sent the guards away, to stand just outside the open doors, that they might speak more privately. He led them to comfortable chairs situated by a table. As befitted her station and nobility, he started by first asking Lady Juliana to relay what had happened from her perspective. Lady Juliana began with the horns and the signals that Excalibur had been stolen. She admitted that there had been a discussion about whether two ladies arriving in Camelot would be of assistance or a complication and burden to His Majesty and the efforts of retrieving the sword. Lady Juliana candidly spoke of her decision that they could best serve their king by staying in their lands and keeping guard for anything suspicious or out of the ordinary, lest chaos be sown in a time of trial. King Arthur's mind was clearly working through everything as she spoke, and the look he had at this explanation was one that clearly had deeper meaning—but meeting Kayley could not interpret. Her curiosity was piqued, but she was listening intently to her mother's tale, desperate to know what had befallen the noble lady during her ordeal, captured by Ruber, when Kayley had escaped to freedom and what she was sure were comparatively mild trials. Lady Juliana's recounting passed swiftly through the appearance of Ruber and his metal monstrosities, which the king had not seen, save the limited extent to which Ruber himself had become one. He was alarmed at her description, having expected the hysterical gossip of the town to be more exaggerated than it appeared it had been. He quietly added questions on their numbers and sluggishness, and Juliana quickly explained how sluggish and half-asleep the newly-formed monsters had been as well as the limited faculties of the later formed. Again, Arthur's brow moved slightly, though he kept his face mostly neutral and bid her continue. She told of their moment of opportunity, when one of the more sluggish monsters had unhanded Kayley, and her daughter's wild flight from the monsters, and the moment some of Ruber's forces had split off from there. \"Until yesterday, I had not seen my daughter, nor do I completely understand what she has told me of her own trials. I am afraid descriptions of this shall have to wait for her own retelling.\" Juliana apologized, and the king simply nodded her onward. Kayley was anxious, thinking of that moment. How could she possibly summarize the flight? How could she bear the shame of everything that had happened? She tried to organize her chaotic thoughts, the pressured journey not having given her much opportunity to consider the circumstances or think of much other than the immediate safety of herself and her companions, and worry for her mother, people, king, and kingdom. As her mother's tale passed through the monotonous weeks—describing briefly but adequately the places they passed, the farms the force had raided, the deaths of so many horses—Kayley could scarcely believe the picture of waste and destruction painted by the horrible words! While her mother's voice remained even and clear, both Kayley and Arthur could see the slight disturbances in her noble features, and Kayley could hear the slight tinge in her voice, that bespoke of her overwhelming grief...and guilt. The suffering she had seen had affected her mother deeply. Kayley did not know how she could bear it so rigidly, without wavering despite the horrid recollections as she spoke of them. King Arthur knew well how much of these sorts of horrors had plagued even his kingdom, prior to his rule, and in the early days of it. Kayley's generation had been blessedly spared, despite the persistence of evil in the world, as perhaps there always would be. \"You have suffered much.\" Arthur murmured. Kayley sensed a deeper sadness behind this, and Juliana knew he thought not only of now, but of those early days, when Lionel had so frequently left behind his wife and infant, and his tragic death. Kayley couldn't help but be appreciative of the king's kindness and consideration of her noble mother, even if first and foremost in her mind was the suffering of the last several weeks. She was more confident than ever that the king had never considered believing the tales of treason spun—and probably still whispered—by the folk in town. Her worries on this point had Kayley distracted momentarily, missing the quick niceties offered by her mother and King Arthur in turn, before both turned to her in expectance. \"There is much to tell concerning my own journey, but I am afraid that some of the particulars are beyond my own understanding, especially since I often was forced to place trust in my unexpected guides and companions—namely, the very Goodman Garrett and dragon brothers you promised would be honored along with us tomorrow, as well as a silver-winged fey falcon.\" \"Ayden.\" Murmured King Arthur, with only mild surprise, almost as if expected. Kayley started, but quickly agreed that it was, indeed, one in the same. \"Sire, I am of course at your leisure, and will gladly recount all I can,\" Kayley started, trying to ignore and hold back a flush of mortification from the slight change in expression of the king, who obviously had not expected what started so similarly to a refusal of his orders, \"but might not one or all of these—at least the Goodman, whose words would be most quickly conveyed and understood by all present—join this meeting, that the recounting might be more complete, and confusing details clarified?\" Kayley petitioned anxiously. Her desire was twofold...at least. She was eager to see them all again. \"I understand your concerns, Lady Kayley,\" King Arthur started, gently, \"but I have already attempted what you request. I am afraid the physician who tended Goodman Garrett informed me that he would most certainly not be permitted to be moved tonight.\" \"He is unwell!\" Kayley cried, standing in alarm. Her mother, horrified by this outburst, was looked at her with wide eyes, urging her silently to sit and control herself! King Arthur tried to reassure her. \"I have been assured he will recover fully, and had resolved to visit him in the morning and request he recount his understanding to me in the relative comfort of the bed in the quarters that have been provided for him, given his injuries in my service, that he might rest and recover before the feast.\" King Arthur explained. \"Be at peace, child.\" Her mother soothed, but there was also a hint of warning to it—Kayley was not to doubt their king! Kayley, understanding the censure, curtseyed deeply. \"Forgive me, Your Majesty—I beg your pardon for my alarm and outburst. It was never my place to doubt you.\" \"Rise, Lady Kayley, and then be seated again. Your concern for our allies is admirable, but indeed all will be well. I would hear what you can recollect, and then you and your noble mother must rest and recover, as well.\" Kayley took a breath, trying to steady herself, and did as she was asked, rising and seating herself again in her chair. She started at the point where she broke away, as the parts before had been covered quite tactfully by her lady mother. As she started, the story was difficult, as she tried to think back to the minute details of something that seemed like it had started a lifetime ago. However, the images practically flashed before her eyes, vivid and full of feeling as she hadn't expected. The words poured from her mouth, and she was almost aware of nothing else as the descriptions of her terrified flight stretched onward almost of their own accord, certainly not realizing the minutes passing. She told of her flee on horseback, the chase of the metal men, their veering off into the grass, and her stumbling into the forest, and falling into the water. Even knowing it must end satisfactorily, Lady Juliana's hands gripped at her dress in a most unladylike fashion, anxiety for her child twisting in her and making the usually composed woman very unsettled. Still, Kayley continued. How the man fought off her would-be captors, the shocking revelation that the man was blind...the reluctance of the hermit to assist her in any way—and how that resolution melted and vanished the moment he was aware that the kingdom was in danger, turning into resolve to head off himself, with Ayden, and her insistence of continuing on to see her quest through to the end. Many things, such as workings of the forest, the goodman's knowledge of it, and the particulars of his companionship with Ayden, were unable to be explained, as Kayley did not know the answers herself. She did mention his bag and her assumption that he must have lived in Camelot, which she hoped they would assume led to his loyalty. The particulars, she did not disclose, nor how she learned them. She instead described their furious pace through the forest, and their chance encounter with the two serpentine dragon brothers. \"Serpentine?\" King Arthur questioned, interrupting her with a gentle raise of his hands. \"Are these the same brothers who fought that fearsome gryphon?\" he requested the clarification. Kayley nodded and assured him that it was. \"Again, I am afraid that the particulars escape me on this. They had not yet undergone the change that they briefly explained is underwent by their kind, and seemed to have been trapped in some sort of infantile form.\" She quickly went over the differences from their current, startling, fearsome appearance, and the serpentine, sleek, elongated form in which they had started, when she had first made their acquaintance. King Arthur nodded silently, urging her to continue on. She described Ruber's ambush, and their flight underground, mentioning the anguish of the brothers as they insisted they would perish, and the solution of sharing in her warmth. At this, Lady Juliana started, stifling a gasp with her palm. It seemed horrendously dangerous—and oddly immodest —to have dragons so near to one's skin! \"They would perish without a source of warmth? You are sure of this?\" \"Of course, I am not so sure as if they had died, and have no way of ascertaining the truth of the claim—but the way it affected their bodies was most unusual. They became sluggish and moved even each limb and step as if through sludge. It seemed very grave. I was convinced that they must speak truthfully...that keeping them warm was the only way to preserve our guides.\" \"It sustained them?\" \"It seemed to recover them well enough. By morning, when I awoke, they once again moved at their usual pace, which was startlingly fast for their form, with an odd fluidity of motion I did not expect from so lanky and awkward-looking a beast.\" she noted, and then continued through their return to the forest, the decision of the brothers to continue with them, and the bestowal of their names. She was again interrupted. \"They had none? Or were their names rendered impossible by the differences of human speech?\" King Arthur questioned. Kayley quickly explained that it seemed dragons did not name their infants, who persisted without such for at least two centuries, until this awaited change the brothers were delayed in experiencing. Her own desire to understand what had occurred, that they arrived so transformed, was powerful. It was not to be known, however, and the story had to continue. The explanation of their finding of the scabbard for Excalibur, the second ambush of Ruber, and Goodman Garrett's near-death, came next. Her concern was clear, speaking of how he nearly died once, and her anxieties suddenly made much more sense to her mother and the king, who had not known how gravely injured and near death the second hero of Camelot had already been, on his arrival. She told of the mysterious effects of the potent forest herbs, which Arthur took in with a quiet nod and her mother with some mixed fear and horror. Kayley persisted, describing their finding the ogre's trail, and the recovery of Excalibur despite a third ambush by Ruber and his men. Kayley described Goodman Garrett's turning back to his hermitage, refusing to leave the forest—though she left off his bitter words on lack of acceptance in Camelot. That part was not her story to tell. She told of being, for the fourth time, ambushed by Ruber—and this time, of being captured, and so close to the journey's end! She had not known, then, the furious destruction that had let Ruber's army of metal monstrosities keep pace with her furious, shortened route. The last part Kayley needed to explain—her mother's tale having covered that short night prior to their arrival at Camelot—was her rushing up on the walls, attempting to get through to her king...and the warning of the gryphon. She spoke of being swept off the wall, and her mother cried out in alarm, despite her daughter appearing whole and unharmed. She quickly explained her first sight of the dragon brothers, and her shock at seeing them so changed. She then quickly relayed Goodman Garrett's directing them to the secret passage that led into the King's Keep, and Arthur nodded, the passage known to few but a purposeful escape route in case of siege to the Keep. It was a secret known to few. \"And how did the goodman learn of this passage?\" King Arthur questioned, \"Need we fear that our secret passages and protection are known, perhaps even to those outside of the Kingdom? Should they perhaps be collapsed, and new means of safety constructed?\" King Arthur asked, half wondering aloud, more than truly requesting a response from the young lady. Kayley hesitated, but then spoke her opinion, despite it not truly being a direct question. \"I do not believe this to be the case.\" Kayley admitted. \"Goodman Garrett seems to have an intimate familiarity with the stables. I do believe he worked there, in his youth—perhaps being where he had acquired his childhood bag, which I mentioned earlier, and which had enlightened me to his apparent earlier life in the castle town.\" Kayley explained, working them through her reasoning. \"It is my belief that this connection is the reason that the he knew of the entrance, and for no other reason, nor any sort of general knowledge of these secrets. Of course, the one who could truly confirm or deny this is Goodman Garrett—his knowledge must have been many years old, and I am not truly aware of its origin, nor how many he might know or expect to have learnt of it, nor if he would have any confidence that his expectations might still be accurate...or that they would not be.\" \"You have both given me much to consider.\" King Arthur allowed, thoughtful and clearly still thinking over many things—perhaps even parts of the story that Kayley herself did not know, she realized. \"One of the guards will escort you, Lady Kayley, first. And then, once you are safely inside your quarters, he will return to escort Lady Juliana as well. There will remain at least one guard in the hall by your quarters at all times.\" the king directed. With that, he called forward one of the guards, in a clear, commanding voice. Lady Juliana and her daughter rose and curtseyed politely, and Kayley left with one of the guards, who received directions to escort the young lady safely back. When she was out of sight, Lady Juliana and King Arthur were both quiet a moment. \"...Goodman Garrett, with a connection to the Royal Stables.\" Lady Juliana said slowly, as if testing the words thoughtfully, reaction carefully schooled. \"Indeed. It seems we have much left to discover.\" King Arthur noted gravely, meeting her eyes. \"I must admit, Sire...I do not appreciate being toyed with in this way—even by the fates themselves.\" Lady Juliana noted, her disquiet and inner turmoil slipping through her general calm. King Arthur inclined his head to her, in a silent moment of respect and support...and agreement. It was clear to the both of them that there was much at work, here. They spoke quietly as they awaited the guard's return.[Chapter 27] Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot, nor the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N: Why am I up in the middle of the night when I'm about to go into my 13th straight day of work without any days off? ...for you, of course! Uh...Happy New Year?! ...very, very belatedly...? (In fact, quite nearly halfway to the next year.) To those of you who have celebrated any holidays since I last updated, I hope those were all happy and pleasant as well. Thank you so much to all of you who reviewed. It meant the world to me! The favorites and follows were appreciated as well. In fact, a few of the reviews/follows/favs more recently really were what edged me on to go ahead and push to finish this. There will likely still be a couple chapters. I have it at least planned, but it's not all written. Your feedback now may very well influence the story's end, so please do comment if there's something I could be doing better, or if there's something you would like to see included. I do want to tie this up in a way that gives as many people the answers to their questions as I can, without holding up the story. Any more than my schedule already does, that is... . . . Chapter 27: Rest and Recovery . For several paces, Kayley silently walked with the guard leading her. After they were somewhat removed from where she had previously sat with her mother and her king, she addressed the guard. \"Goodman Guard. What is your name?\" she asked, politely. \"...it is Edmund, Noblewoman.\" he answered obediently. \"Goodman Edmund. Could you take me to where Goodman Garret is being tended?\" she queried the guard. He stopped, startled, and turned to look at her in surprise. She met his gaze unflinchingly, and he wisely didn't ask her about the appropriateness of visiting a man in the middle of the night. \"Lady Kayley, my orders—from King Arthur himself—were to escort you safely to your and your mother's quarters.\" he pointed out, desperate for her to at least value duty over whatever notion had overcome her supposedly good senses. \"And you shall. As soon as I have had the opportunity to confirm that Goodman Garret is well. He saved my life time and time again as I fled the wicked Ruber, and was critical in saving our king. It is a debt I shall never forget, and I have now heard his situation is grave. I must go at once.\" she said, injecting as much certainty and confidence into her words as possible. Even at home, expecting to be obeyed, she didn't often have need to insert authority into her voice—her people knew her and her mother well, and gladly listened and obeyed her almost indulgently, being fond of her since her youth. Still, the guard hesitated, clearly uncomfortable. \"If I recall, your orders were to escort me safely. I assure you, my full intention is to confirm the wellbeing of Goodman Garret—I shall be searching for his sickbed with or without your kind assistance and accompaniment. I have no doubt, though, that it will be swifter progress with your help...and safer progress than if I am forced to search alone due to your refusal.\" At the suggestion that she might take off and search the castle for the blind hermit without his accompaniment, Edmund paled. If he were to allow the noblewoman the king had ordered safely guarded to wander the castle alone at night, especially following such dangerous events as an attempted invasion and coup...no, best not to even think of the consequences. \"O-of course, Lady Kayley. I will escort you there at once.\" the guard caved, his discomfort increasing by the moment. Still, Kayley walked briskly—more briskly than he expected from a woman—and set a swift pace, following his directions as he escorted her down the corridors. When they arrived, some minutes later, at a door that was simple and unadorned. Looking nervously to Edmund for confirmation, she received no hints from the guard, who stood at attention and hardly acknowledged her questioning gaze. Annoyed but trying to understand the predicament, Kayley knocked on the door. \"What is the meaning of this?\" hissed the young man who opened the door, his eager face quickly becoming pinched and wary. \"My master would never approve of a woman coming to disturb his patient at this hour!\" the young man whispered harshly. Kayley drew herself to her full height—not quite so tall as the young man, but gaze sharp and purposeful regardless, and opened her mouth to retort, only to be interrupted. \"You ought to watch your tongue, Physician's Apprentice, when you're speaking to a noblewoman such as Lady Kayley, the king's honored guest.\" a pained voice noted wryly. The apprentice looked back to his charge in surprise, and then looked back to Kayley, who held his gaze in her own disapproving one. He sputtered, but was thankfully spared from answering when Garret continued. \"Noblewoman, what were you thinking, coming to a man's room in the middle of the night?\" At his censure, Kayley fought her cheeks pinking, and replied with the same forcefulness she had summoned earlier. \"I owe you a great debt, Goodman Garret, and one I do not take lightly. It is thanks to you that I am alive—and that my mother is alive, and that our noble king himself is alive! I would have come in the daytime, but I was being tended by one of the king's physicians myself, and word of your condition reached me only recently. Naturally, I came at once, to confirm your wellbeing myself. \"You ought have summoned the good sense you occasionally muster and come in the morning if you had to at all. Surely whoever gave you news told you I was being tended?\" Garret noted. Kayley scowled disapprovingly. \"I breathe and speak; I am alive. Now you must satisfy yourself with this, and leave me be. You must know that an injured man needs his rest.\" Garret noted, gasping slightly as he rearranged his position. At once, the apprentice was making excuses about needing to tend his patient, and quickly shut the door, hurrying over to the man. \"And you said I should watch my tongue—you take advantage of the debt you're owed by that noble lady.\" the priggish man pointed out disapprovingly, reaching for the blankets. \"That wound, has it reopened with your exertions? My master had told you not to—\" \"Leave me be.\" Garret growled, shooing the apprentice's hands away. \"I am a hermit —I don't pander even to noblewomen who worry when they ought to remember their place and busy themselves with higher pursuits than checking on lowly hermits. And I don't need the fussing of a clucking apprentice! If your master said I must rest, then let me rest!\" he grouched, rolling painfully so his back was to the younger man. Garret felt only relief when the man's hands left his blankets. He wasn't one for human interaction, after all these years, and being tended the once was painful enough. He yearned for simple cures of magical leaves and rest, wished for Ayden's company...and he tried to force the hazy, feverish memories from his mind, tried to stop expecting the hands that checked on him and tended him to be small and dainty, and instead focused all his being on pushing any thoughts of seeing her again far, far away, where they belonged. It was better to starve out those ridiuclous thoughts before they had the chance to begin. Foolish woman! If a noblewoman was heard to be visiting the quarters of common men in the night, her future would be ruined. If she was seen with him , she would be ruined. It was best to heal as quickly he could, thank his king, and return to his hermitage as soon as humanly possible. Every day he spent here until then was just prolonging his suffering. Down the corridor, Kayley was already fighting her upset when Edmund spoke up, uneasily. \"Lady Kayley...\" \"What, did you expect sweet words? Goodman Garret is a hermit, and not in the habit of speaking pleasantly to anyone.\" she noted, attempting to forcibly keep the bitterness from her voice. \"Regardless...the kingdom—and myself especially—owe him a great debt.\" Kayley said, her recollection of this cooling her temper slightly. \"I am content to have confirmed he is recovering, even if it will take some time. His harsh words are perhaps a consequence of so many years without human companionship, and I'm afraid they are likely a permanent aspect of his character.\" This wasn't an untruth, perhaps, but it didn't give adequate acknowledgement of that night he had spent explaining how he had known her father. It didn't explain the carefulness with which he had attempted to pass on the lessons she could use to protect herself...the forbidden embrace in which he'd wrapped her that day— Unfocused, she stumbled and cried out, and Edmund was immediately at her side, never having been more than a pace or two away. \"Lady Kayley!\" he started, alarmed, as he steadied her. \"Are you well?\" \"My king is wise, and knew it is best that I rest. I, too, am under his physicians' care.\" Kayley redirected. \"I will be well, once I have recovered more from my...journey.\" she finished, unable to find a good word for all that had happened. Suddenly, she felt overwhelmed—so much had happened, and it seemed almost surreal to be here, in Camelot, under the king's protection. A clean bed and undisturbed rest would be a good thing. By the time Lady Juliana was escorted back into the room, her daughter was already sleeping—if more fitfully than she usually did. . *~*~*~*~*~*THE FOLLOWING MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . Kayley awoke to her mother humming softly as she embroidered in a comfortable chair by the fire. It was soothing, reminding Kayley of when she was very young. She rose and felt the soreness she had ignored for the weeks fleeing...it was almost unbelievable, now that it was over. She came and sat with her mother, simply content to relax and allow her body some rest. It still felt so unusual for her, sitting idly, not on the run for her life and her kingdom! \"Are you quite well, my little hen? It seems this morning, you have lost your cluck!\" Juliana asked her daughter affectionately, setting aside her cloth. Kayley looked up at her, drawn from her thoughts, focusing back on the present moment. \"It just seems so...\" Kayley tried to start, but instead looked down at her hands helplessly. What words were there to explain the war between the desperate desire to rest and recover with the fear and tenseness pushing to spur her still onward, even now? Her mother's hands on her hair brought her, once again, back to this sitting area. She leaned gratefully into her mother's idle fussing, happy for a gentle distraction. Suddenly, horns blared, and Kayley jumped up in a flash. \"Kayley!\" Juliana cried, distraught. \"There, now—sit, my daughter...surely the message must be sent that Excalibur is recovered and all is well! Or will be, once you have given your body time to heal.\" Heart racing and once again starting to reorient, Kayley sat down, and her mother rubbed small circles into her hands, which were harder still and more worn than three weeks earlier, before she had fled the evil Ruber's attack. The evil Ruber...who was no more. \"...how could Father bear this? How could you, Mother, every time...?!\" Juliana bowed her head slightly and squeezed Kayley's hands. \"We lived in those dark days, before King Arthur reigned. Still, even so, your father did indeed have tense days, and even troubled nights, many times, upon his returns. It was moreso early on, when the remnants of the years before were more prominent. But then, he always relaxed with just a shout from his daughter, so happy to see him...\" Juliana noted, trailing off and once again smoothing Kayley's hair fondly. \"I miss him.\" Kayley admitted once again, and Juliana smiled sadly. Kayley noted with great surprise and suddenness how her mother's eyes were sunken, and her face seemed older, more wrinkled, than she had thought. \"As do I, Little Hen. He would be very proud of you...so very, very proud.\" Juliana insisted wistfully, but urgently. They lapsed into a comfortable silence for several minutes, then Lady Juliana stood and lent her hands to her daughter to help her stand, as well. \"Mother...?\" Kayley questioned, confused. Lady Juliana simply smiled. \"Today, we rest.\" Juliana ordered gently. \"We shall first order you a bath. And a new gown. That shift is fine for rest, but your gown from home is fit only to be burnt.\" Juliana sighed, having looked over the damage herself that morning, never one to waste when possible to salvage. Kayley stared down at the floor. She was somehow relieved and anguished to be rid of the dress. She had half expected to wake up on hard ground, and had been confused at the feeling of soft bed beneath her. Still, having that nice clothing ruined, from this hellish situation that had been entirely out of control from beginning to end—it almost felt like it was being taken from her, as foolish as she felt thinking such a thing. She felt her mother's gentle hand on her arm, and looked up, confused and overwhelmed. \"You will feel better when you wash the journey from your skin.\" Juliana assured her, tactfully avoiding mention of the blood and muck still speckling her body and even caked into her hair. Even after the washing was done, it would be a long, valiant battle in itself, re-taming Kayley's hair—not to mention convincing her daughter herself to recover and rest! Lady Juliana had many fights ahead of her, yet, she well knew... . *~*~*~*~*~*LATER THAT EVENING*~*~*~*~*~* . It was a sign of just how steep a toll the journey had taken that Kayley did not require near the amount of convincing as Juliana had feared—following the trials of a bath and basic grooming, and a seamstress entering to pin three fine gowns (a token of the king's gratitude, undoubtedly having noticed the state of her clothes the day of his rescue), Kayley fell quickly into fitful, restless sleep. Juliana called quietly for an apothecary she knew used to live in town. \"Goodman Dunstan. I cannot thank you enough for coming.\" \"Not at all, Lady Juliana! When I heard you had come at last to Camelot, I could scarcely believe it true. But I must worry, to be summoned here—what need have you of me?\" \"...my daughter, Goodman...\" \"Alas! I heard rumors, terrible rumors, that Sir Lionel's heir had been near slaughtered in the fray! Surely this is not why you have called me?!\" \"Tongues wag in unpredictable ways. Of course, there is an inkling of truth in the mix—my daughter came to our king's aid, and was badly worn down in the process.\" Juliana conceded. \"She is restless, fatigued, and seems to pain. She is covered in innumerable scrapes and small wounds, which do not seem to trouble her overmuch, and then will unexpectedly flare with pain. Do you have anything that could help her? Even when she rests, it is so fitful I fear it will hardly help her regain her strength...\" They discussed business and Juliana gently reminded him that this was an errand of discretion. Still, they could not help but fall back to the past they held in common—a deep and lasting fondness for Sir Lionel. \"Ah, yes—it seems only yesterday sometimes, that he was coming and asking for use of my garden to train up some young boy he hoped to bring into the castle...that blasted fence had been almost knocked down again by old Wemba's goat, that wretched thing...\" \"Did he?\" Lady Juliana asked, actually intrigued this time, by the man's gossip. \"Oh yes! Blasted goat nearly destroyed house and home of half of Wemba's neighbors before it finally met its end. At least the old man got a good stew out of him!\" laughed the apothecary. Lady Juliana tried not to be impatient. \"I see. And my husband used your garden for this?\" Juliana questioned. \"Often! Rather, that lad did, mostly. Sir Lionel left a post out there about a man's height and would have him out there at crack of dawn, working on his strikes...I do think he came for a few years. Almost thought he'd forgotten they were to fix the thing, that first spring—but, of course, they came and patched it up one morning.\" chuckled the apothecary. He looked thoughtful after that. A moment of silence passed, before the man mused further. \"Wonder if he did become a squire, some day—he left something near the time I might have finally reckoned him a man...but alone or with a new master, I never knew.\" . *~*~*~*~*~*THE FOLLOWING MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . Kayley awoke feeling groggy and not fully herself. She felt more rested in some ways, and almost less rested and more sluggish in others. Her mother was up and bustling already, dressed and seemingly fed, apparently ready to leave. \"Mother! Where are you going?\" Kayley asked with alarm. Lady Juliana turned in surprise, but her gaze softened, and she went to her daughter, smoothing her hair. \"It has been many years since I have visited Camelot. You will soon learn that a lady has many obligations, surrounded by the king's court.\" Juliana noted wryly. \"The old friends who once were forced to content themselves with letters, when we were away on our own lands, never coming this far, will now settle for nothing less than a personal visit, knowing our presence...and given the spreading word of our involvement.\" Her eyes twinkled with her dark amusement at the judgment on the interest of these old friends. \"But Mother—surely you are weakened by your journey! Certainly they must pardon your isolation until at least the banquet in two days' time?\" \"Perhaps...but not so if I wish to get other things done, Kayley. There is much yet for you to learn about life in the castle town.\" Lady Juliana cautioned, smoothing down her gown back into its perfect presentable state. \"...and I am fond of some of them. We do have some true friends, here in Camelot, who have continued their interest in our well-being and security, even through all these years. There are those I truly am eager to see.\" Juliana assured her daughter with a warmer smile, this time—she did not want to make the girl despondent and frustrated with Camelot already! She had always had such an idealistic view of the place... \"...shall I come with you, then? To meet our friends?\" Kayley asked, somewhat nervously. She took a few steps toward her mother and stumbled slightly, causing Juliana to brace her firmly. \"Indeed not! You are to rest again today; I will delay to sit with you while you break your fast. And drink your tonic!\" Juliana insisted, for the first time sounding somewhat agitated. \"...you are more unwell than you first appeared. Your injuries, yesterday—\" \"—are simply part of a journey of the sort I undertook.\" Kayley pointed out. \"...are worse than either of us anticipated.\" Juliana said, though not unkindly. \"You must have your rest, and recover. Believe me, my daughter...you should take the time to enjoy this reprieve while you can.\" she said. Before she disappeared through the door, she added, \"I will send for the physician.\" When she said it that way, it suddenly seemed very clear to Kayley just how worried her mother was that she was not recovered... . *~*~*~*~*~*LATER THAT MORNING*~*~*~*~*~* . There was a knock on the door. The lack of answer was purposeful. Annoyingly enough, it began to creak. Clearly somebody was unaware that the lack of response was not, in fact, an invitation to enter. \"I sent your master away already, and I do not require your assistance to lie here and sleep.\" Garrett gritted out through clenched teeth, grunting slightly as he tried to roll. No words met him, but a loud and clearly annoyed-sounding screech met him. The grunt was louder when Garrett started in response. \"Ayden!\" he gasped, relief evident in his voice. The falcon fluttered down, flapping near Garrett's arm. Understanding what it must be, he reached out his hand, and a bottle was released into it. Garrett had a flurry of recollection as he felt the shape of the bottle in his palm. \"...finally, something that works.\" he grumbled, ignoring the issue and pulling off the leaf-shaped stopper. \"I've had nothing but the blasted physician and his apprentice.\" Garrett muttered. \"They do try, though their methods are limited.\" offered a voice. Garrett jumped, almost spilling the precious tincture. He bit back a curse and mentally rebuked himself for his mental fogginess. How could he possibly have been so distracted by Ayden's presence that he forgot the knock, which could not possibly have been the falcon?! \"What do you want?\" Garrett asked directly, sullen and wishing his staff was in better reach. The rough voice only chuckled. \"Only to help, I assure you. Ayden saw fit to return your tincture to you, and I thought I might offer more of...similar methods. Rumor says you are not recovering quickly, Goodman Garrett.\" \"And who are you, that I should trust these similar methods you offer?\" Garrett questioned wryly. Finally, Ayden broke the odd void with a familiar nip on Garrett's fingers. \"Ouch!\" he grumbled, but he felt fondness and relief his friend had returned than any true anger. Behave yourself, fledgling. Ayden cautioned. You should not make enemies unnecessarily — especially not those more older and more powerful than yourself. \"You flatter me, Ayden.\" the man demurred. Garrett turned his head toward his voice in surprise—he had heard Ayden's silent voice?! The voice continued, politely ignoring Garrett's obvious surprise. \"To answer your question, Goodman Garrett—my name is Merlin.\"[Chapter 28]  ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Quest for Camelot or the books on which it was (very) loosely based! . A/N"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"Cursebreaker","Author":"BobwhiteBobwhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12573202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ingrid sighed as she listened to her mother argue with her sister, Kayley, about some new adventure the young woman had gotten into her head. It was always something new with Kayley. One moment she'd be begging to go help the dragon-wranglers of the north for the summer and the next she'd ask to take sword fighting lessons from some passing nomads. Ingrid, herself, had been like Kayley once, ambitious and bold, dreaming of grand adventures. But ever since their father, Sir Lionel, was killed by one of Ingrid's favorite knights, Sir Ruber, she found it hard to get excited about adventures. \"No! Absolutely not!\" Lady Juliana cried as she sewed the hem of a new white dress while Ingrid held it up. \"But mother, Excalibur is missing! I must go after it!\" Kayley pleaded. \"That's a job for the knights, not for a young girl,\" Juliana said, taking the dress from Ingrid and examining the seams. \"But I want to be a knight. Go on grand adventures, fighting evil, rescuing damsels in distress,\" Kayley said, \"What is a damsel anyway?\" Ingrid measured her sister's waist and chuckled, \"You're one, stupid.\" Kayley scowled at her. \"I didn't ask you.\" \"Girls, please,\" Juliana sighed, \"We have to finish this new dress.\" She and Ingrid wrestled the new dress over Kayley's head. Kayley struggled, \"Mother, I don't want a new dress! I want to save Camelot! If you'd just let me, I know I could find Excalibur all on my own.\" \"The knights will find the sword, and they'll do it by working together,\" Ingrid said. \"While we're working here. Doing the chores, fetching the eggs, taking care of the house. Boring!\" Kayley said, \"Where's the glory in that?\" She folded her arms petulantly. Juliana grasped her arm and placed a hand on her cheek. \"Kayley, one day you will learn what Camelot means. Until then, you'll stay here with me.\" \"Oh, alright!\" Kayley cried in frustration, taking her new dress off and throwing it to the floor. She stormed out of the room. Juliana sighed, picking the dress up and dusting it off. \"I'll talk to her, mother,\" Ingrid said, placing a hand on her mother's shoulder before heading into Kayley's room. Kayley was face down on her bed, crying quietly. \"Kayley,\" Ingrid said softly, sitting next to her and placing a hand on her back. Kayley said nothing. Ingrid sighed. \"I know this isn't how you think you should be spending your time. Father promised both of us a more exciting life. A life of fighting for what's right. And it seems like that dream died with him.\" Kayley sat up and looked at her sister. Her brown eyes were red from crying. \"I want to live the way he said we would. You remember all those games we used to play? Where I was the knight and you were the sorceress who helped me on the way? I always grew up believing that it would be real someday. But I feel like we're just stuck here doing nothing that will matter in the long run,\" Kayley said. \"I know,\" Ingrid said, \"it won't always be like this for you if you don't want it to be. Adventure will find its way to you in time. But we should do the best we can at the work we have right now. Think of mother. She lost the man she loved because he stood up for what was right. And it might not make sense to you right now, but she's afraid of losing you the same way if you go out chasing adventure.\" Kayley nodded. \"You're brave, Kayley,\" Ingrid said, \"Can you use that bravery to get through the boring stuff for a little while longer?\" Kayley smiled and nodded, hugging her older sister who hugged her back and said, \"Go on now. I expect mother will want eggs for dinner tonight.\" Kayley went out to the chicken coop while Ingrid went to help clean up for dinner. \"Is she alright?\" Juliana asked. Ingrid smiled. \"She'll live to complain about her harebrained schemes another day.\" Juliana smiled and nudged her playfully as they cleared the table. A barrage of flaming arrows sailed through the windows, startling the mother and daughter and the household servants. They stood in shock as a band of ruffians with torches burst through the door. A tall figure in red armor with a horned mask followed saying, \"knock, knock.\" \"Who… who are you?\" Ingrid asked, taking a protective step in front of her mother. The figure removed his mask to reveal a familiar face.[Chapter 2] The household gasped. \"Ruber,\" Juliana growled. He was nothing like the Ruber that Ingrid had been so fond of. He was once handsome and charming and unbelievably strong, brave and, above all, kind and generous. He was one of her father's closest friends and one of King Arthur's most trusted knights. But the Ruber that stood before her had an evil air about him. His eyes had a strange inhuman glow to them. He was menacing and dirty and age had taken away much of his once-glorious mane of red hair. It seemed as though he was not all the way in control of his own body, and that made him all the more terrifying to behold. \"Juliana,\" he said smiling, and walking towards them, \"I was in the neighborhood and I thought I'd invade.\" He stopped when he recognized Ingrid. There was a flicker in his eyes and for a moment he seemed different. He gently brushed his hand across Ingrid's cheek. \"It can't be...Lionel's little girl,\" he greeted her as he always had done in the past. \"Don't touch her!\" Julianna said, slapping his hand away and snapping him back to reality. \"So rude!\" Ruber mocked her, \"and after I came all this way just to see you.\" \"What do you want?\" Juliana asked angrily. \"Camelot,\" Ruber said, \"I've grown bored of all this peace and silence. It's time we started another war. It was so much more fun when people were afraid.\" \"You're mad!\" Juliana growled. \"I'm so glad you noticed!\" Ruber said, \"I've been working at it for years! I've gathered an army of my own and soon Arthur and his kingdom will be mine. And Juliana, you are going to help me.\" \"I would sooner die,\" Juliana hissed. \"I think you'll find you won't be able to resist,\" Ruber said as two of his men came in through the front door dragging a struggling Kayley along with them. \"Mother!\" Kayley cried, kicking and flailing to no avail. \"Don't you dare harm my daughters!\" Juliana yelled as she was restrained by two more of Ruber's men. Kayley slipped free long enough to grab a club from one of her captors and swing it at Ruber who caught it with his bare hand. \"Follow my plan and nobody will be hurt,\" Ruber said, glaring at Kayley as his men got her back under control. One of Ruber's men held Ingrid, who didn't struggle but asked quietly, \"You already took my father. What more could you possibly want from us?\" Ruber grinned wickedly. \"I thought you'd never ask,\" he said, \"All three of you will help me get my army in through the front gate unnoticed. I assume the gates of Camelot are still always open to you?\" Juliana gasped and shook her head, \"We can't…\" \"You will,\" Ruber said, \"And after you've done that, you will be rewarded. I'll keep you relatively safe in my castle while the war rages in the rest of the world.\" He lifted Ingrid's chin, \"Except you, my dear. Your job is much more important.\" \"And what is that?\" Ingrid asked shortly. \"Well...every king needs a queen,\" Ruber sneered, \"I'll need an heir in the future, you know.\" Ingrid exchanged a wide-eyed look with her mother and sister. \"Me?!\" she asked. \"If you don't find the idea agreeable, I'm sure I can convince you,\" Ruber said, \"Or should I say I can make your mother and sister convince you…\" The ruffian holding Ingrid's mother sniggered, running his dirty finger across Lady Juliana's neck threateningly. \"There will be no need for that,\" Ingrid said, bowing her head with tears in her eyes, \"I'll do it without a fight.\" \"Good,\" Ruber sneered. The town vicar was dragged in as if on cue. He was shaking and frightened. A quick ceremony was performed while Ruber's men howled raucously. Ingrid was Ruber's bride. The vicar, a small and shrunken old man, placed a shriveled hand on Ingrid's shoulder and said in a squeaky voice, \"I'm so sorry, my dear.\" \"You've done your part, now get out of here!\" Ruber cried, frightening the old man who hurried away as quickly as he could. Ruber led the occupants of the house outside into the courtyard.[Chapter 3] \"Years from now no one will bother to recall your good King Arthur because all of this will be mine,\" Ruber guffawed, taking a small green vial out of his breast pocket, \"with this potion I bought from some witches I'll create my mechanical army.\" He shook a couple drops of the potion into the well. He snatched a chicken and a hatchet and threw both of them into the pit. A burst of green light and smoke came from the depths of the well and a horrid figure came sailing out of it. It was small and chicken-like, but it's head was that of a hatchet. Somehow, he had fused them together into a grotesque living weapon. \"Behold,\" Ruber said, \"Bladebeak.\" Even Ruber's own men stood transfixed by the deadly little creature as it waddled around pecking forcefully at the ground with its blade. \"Step right up and enter quickly,\" Ruber commanded, \"I'm transforming you all into iron men. Arthur won't stand a chance!\" The men came forward one at a time, eager to take this new power upon themselves. In their haste, Kayley slipped away from her guard without being noticed. \"Go to Camelot,\" Ingrid whispered, \"Warn Arthur.\" \"I won't leave you here!\" Kayley whispered back. \"Kayley, Ruber will be in Camelot in three days!\" Juliana whispered, \"take the main road. Get there before us.\" \"But mother!\" Kayley protested. \"Go! While you have the chance!\" Juliana hissed, \"Go, Kayley! You're our only hope!\" Kayley slipped out of a crack in the wall unseen. The last of Ruber's men came out of the potion pool fused with iron weapons. \"To the wagons!\" Ruber cried, \"Next stop: Camelot!\" His men obeyed, loading up the supplies. \"You!\" Ruber cried pointing toward Ingrid's guard, \"bring my bride to me!\" The guard laughed and obeyed, dragging his captive to the boss. As Ruber looked at Ingrid, his eyes flickered again and his grip on her softened. \"I seem to recall that you had a liking for magic,\" Ruber said. \"Yes, sir,\" Ingrid said, her voice quavering. It was true. While Kayley dreamed of being a knight and going on adventures, Ingrid was always more interested in magic and mythical creatures and dreamed of being a great wizard like Merlin and breaking ancient curses. \"I have someone I'm sure you'll like to meet,\" Ruber said, taking her by his side and pointing up into the night sky. It was hard to make out at first, an enormous hulking shape flying towards them. As it got closer, Ingrid identified the creature. \"A gryphon!\" Ingrid gasped. The animal landed on the outcropping beside them. Ingrid rushed forward fearlessly, running her hands through his thick mane. \"What a magnificent beast!\" Ingrid cried. \"Who is she, master?\" the gryphon asked, \"I like this human.\" \"My new queen,\" Ruber explained, his eyes flickering back to that evil green glow, \"Now, there are more important things to discuss. How was the flight? Panic sweeps across the land?\" \"Precisely,\" the gryphon replied. \"My plan is perfect?\" Ruber asked. \"Precisely,\" the gryphon returned. \"Without the sword, Arthur is vulnerable?\" Ruber asked. \"Precisely,\" the gryphon repeated. \"And now Excalibur is mine!\" Ruber said proudly. Ingrid gasped. Without Excalibur, Arthur couldn't protect Camelot. The land was doomed if Ruber had the sword. The gryphon cleared his throat. \"Um, here's where we enter a gray area…\" Ruber's eyes widened. \"Excuse me,\" he grasped the gryphon by the neck, \"you lost Excalibur?! How?!\" \"I was attacked by a falcon,\" the gryphon said. \"What?! My magnificent beast outmatched by a puny little pigeon?!\" Ruber hissed. \"It wasn't a pigeon, it was a falcon with silver wings,\" said the gryphon. \"Silver wings?!\" Ruber mocked, \"Ooh! Scary!\" \"It is said that Merlin once kept a silver-winged falcon,\" Ingrid said, but then wished she hadn't. Ruber looked at her admiringly, then turned to the gryphon. \"Where is the sword now, you stupid animal?\" \"In a place of untold danger,\" said the gryphon. \"The Forbidden Forest?\" Ruber growled. \"Precisely, master,\" said the gryphon. Ruber sighed and began to dance his fingers up the gryphon's long beak, \"Have I told you today, how magnificently and totally worth--\" he grabbed the gryphon's eyelid and pulled a few feathers out \"--LESS YOU ARE?!\" The gryphon screeched in pain and Ingrid stumbled back in fear. \"Excalibur is the one thing that can keep me from my conquest of Camelot!\" Ruber exclaimed. Suddenly the footfalls of a sprinting horse could be heard. Both Ruber and Ingrid whirled around to see Kayley riding away swiftly towards Camelot. Ruber bellowed angrily and stammered, \"Oh the...the GIRL!\" \"Kayley…\" Ingrid whispered under her breath, frightened. She thought her sister had already gotten safely away. Ruber pointed to a few of his men, \"You! You! And you! Get her and bring her back!\" The few he had chosen obeyed, heading out to capture Kayley immediately. \"And you,\" Ruber said, turning to the gryphon, \"you are going to lead us to Excalibur.\" \"Us?\" Ingrid asked, \"I'm coming with you?\" \"Of course,\" Ruber said, \"We're heading into the Forbidden Forest, one of the most ancient and dangerous places in the land. I'll need your knowledge of magical creatures and curses.\" \"It...was only a hobby,\" Ingrid mumbled, \"long ago.\" \"Come,\" Ruber said, mounting the gryphon and holding out his rough cracked hand to his bride. She looked back to see her mother being loaded onto a wagon. She turned back and took Ruber's hand and he helped her up onto the gryphon's back. \"You two!\" Ruber called two more of his men, \"follow us on foot, we're going into the forest!\"[Chapter 4] Despite being not altogether happy with the circumstances, Ingrid couldn't help but feel a little giddy once the gryphon took off. She'd always dreamed of heading off on the back of some winged beast to the unknown. The night air was cool and fresh as it weaved through her long dark hair. Everything looked small and unimportant from up here. She was almost able to forget the peril her family was in. It wasn't a long journey to the forest's edge. As the group of them entered the forest, Ingrid said, \"It's very dangerous to travel in the forest by night. Who knows what we might stumble across. I think it's best we wait for dawn.\" Ruber put his face very close to hers. \"Trying to give your sister a head start, are you?\" \"My sister is brave, but she's no fool. She wouldn't have gone looking for the sword alone,\" Ingrid said, not entirely sure if it was true, \"If I know her, she would've been heading straight for Camelot. She's probably been captured by now.\" Ruber stared at her. Then finally he sighed. \"Ingrid is right. We'll camp here for the night and begin our search in the morning.\" He and his men found a clearing and the group settled down for a few hours' rest. Ruber lay close beside Ingrid, trapping her with his arms in case she tried to sneak away during the night. Although his grip was tight and uncomfortable, Ingrid found his presence warm and comforting in the eerie and unfamiliar forest. She drifted off into an unrestful sleep.[Chapter 5] \"Ingrid! Come back!\" Juliana's voice whispered as Ingrid toddled out of her reach. She was vaguely aware of King Arthur's voice giving a speech nearby but paid it no mind. There was something bright and soft not far away. Ingrid waddled toward it, grasping it in her chubby toddler fist. It was red hair belonging to a tall and handsome man kneeling before the king who laughed at the strange little child and lifted her up. \"It seems we have a runaway,\" he said. \"Forgive me, Sir Ruber,\" Ingrid recognized her father's voice but couldn't see him, \"My daughter seems to have taken a liking to you.\" \"Your daughter?\" Ruber laughed, \"It can't be! She's much too pretty to be yours! She must take after her mother.\" Ingrid woke up to a strange red insect climbing nonchalantly up the bridge of her nose. It continued up her forehead and then up onto a nearby log. The forest was dewy and blue in the early morning sun. There was no wind but the grass on which their company lay was swaying of its own accord. Ruber yawned. His grip on Ingrid loosened and he sat up. Ingrid remained curled up, listening to him breathing. \"I had a dream about you,\" Ingrid said finally. She wasn't sure if her idea would work. It could be that Ruber had simply gone insane. But if there was any chance that he was under an evil spell, she had to know. If Ruber was startled, he showed no sign of it. Ingrid rolled over to face him. He looked at her and his eyes flickered. \"It was about when I first met you. I grabbed your hair,\" Ingrid said, smiling. Ruber chuckled. It was a warm, rich laugh; the kind of laugh he used to have years before. \"You did!\" he said, \"I can't believe you remember that.\" \"I didn't until I dreamed it,\" Ingrid said with a smile, \"You've always been my favorite knight since day one. Well, besides my father of course.\" Ruber smiled. He brushed a lock of hair off of her forehead. \"Ingrid...I'm…\" The gryphon yawned, snapping Ruber back. The glow returned to his eyes and his face devolved into a twitchy glare. \"Get up, all of you!\" Ruber bellowed, rousing his men. The group got going on their search for Excalibur. Ingrid held her breath. She had gotten through to him, or so it had seemed. Still, she needed more time. The forest, though less threatening during the day, had no shortage of dangers. There were biting rocks, moving plants and patches of grass that tried to swallow those who stepped on them. The gryphon led the way, trying to find the place where the sword had escaped him. It was mid-morning before they found any kind of clue. \"You wretched mythological moron!\" Ruber growled, pulling the gryphon's ear, \"Where did you drop the sword?!\" The gryphon sighed. \"It all looks so different from down here!\" Suddenly, a voice screeched, \"Oh! Oh oh oh oh OH!\" and the chicken with an axe for a head came tumbling down a cliff, landing in a puddle of mud. Ruber pointed at him. \"You! Report!\" Bladebeak shook his head clear and said, \"Oh, the girl and a blind warrior are following a silver-winged falcon who knows where Excalibur is.\" Ruber turned to Ingrid. \"You were right about the falcon, my dear, but not so right about your sister, it seems.\" He took a threatening step toward her. \"She's here in the forest looking for the sword as we speak.\" \"I wasn't exactly wrong\" Ingrid mumbled, \"I said she wouldn't travel alone though the forest. She's found a guide. Sort of a strange coincidence that this guide she found is in league with the sikver-winged falcon.\" She bowed her head, not wishing to anger Ruber further. \"No matter,\" Ruber said, lifting her chin, \"They'll lead us right to it.\" He turned and motioned for his men to follow. \"We're going after them!\"[Chapter 6] The group stormed off with Bladebeak leading the way. They came to an enormous clearing in the forest covered with deep smoky trenches and lava-filled craters. Ingrid had only heard stories but she suspected this might be where the dragons lived. \"Dragon country,\" Ruber explained, confirming her suspicions, \"You'll have to keep on your toes in this place.\" \"There!\" Bladebeak cried. Down in the canyon below, two tiny figures made their way across the valley. There was no doubt it was Kayley and her new companion. The group charged ahead, intent on catching up with them. Dragon country was hot and humid. There was a constant low growl in the air. Ingrid stayed close by Ruber's side, although she wasn't exactly sure how much help he'd be against a real life dragon. The air smelled strongly of sulfur. As they walked, they passed the charred remains of smaller animals and even of dragons. \"We'll go around and head them off,\" Ruber said, leading the group down a rocky path to the right. \"Aren't dragons quite rare?\" Ingrid asked her husband. \"Not rare enough,\" Ruber replied, sounding slightly annoyed. \"So...we probably won't see any, right?\" Ingrid asked. Ruber looked at her, one eyebrow raised. \"You're frightened of a dragon?\" \"I don't know,\" Ingrid said defiantly, \"I've just heard they're not exactly reasonable.\" Ruber chuckled mirthlessly. \"Trust me, my dear, dragons are more of a pest than anything. You have nothing to worry about.\" Ingrid wasn't sure if he was lying to make her feel better or showing off. There was a great commotion in the distance. \"Come!\" Ruber shouted, leading their group sprinting toward the noise. As they neared the source of the clamor, they found their prey. Kayley, her companion, and a strange two-headed dragon were cornered by them and a pack of much larger dragons. Kayley seemed to be unharmed, from what Ingrid could see in the short time of looking at her. \"Get them!\" Ruber cried. But before they got there, the ragtag group had jumped down a crater, leaving Ruber's men up against the dragons. Ingrid cowered in a corner. Ruber stepped in front of her protectively, dropping his sword. A dragon approached him, bearing its huge, slimy teeth. Ruber rolled his eyes and proceeded to beat the dragon to death with his bare fist. The other dragons fled in fear. Ruber sighed and pushed his hair out of his face. \"I suppose this is as good of a dinner as anything else we'll find.\" \"What?\" Ingrid asked. \"We'll roast him right up!\" Bladebeak said.[Chapter 7] With the combined strength of the group, getting the dragon to the far edge of the clearing and setting up a fire and spit was a fairly simple task. The dragon meat was better than Ingrid had expected, perhaps because it was the first thing she'd had to eat in a while. \"I can't believe I'm reduced to chasing a little girl, a blind man and a pigeon,\" Ruber sighed. He tossed a dragon leg to the gryphon, saying, \"Find them all and report back to me.\" The gryphon licked his lips, swallowing the dragon meat ravenously. Ruber grabbed his neck. \"Did you hear me?\" \"Sorry, master, my mouth was full,\" the gryphon said. \"Typical,\" Ruber said, \"of all the evil creatures in the world, I had to find one with table manners.\" Ingrid laughed louder than she had for a long while. She stroked the gryphon's back. \"And no mistakes or I'll make space on the spit for you,\" Ruber said as the gryphon nuzzled Ingrid and took off. \"Hey, useless!\" Ruber yelled at Bladebeak, \"Rendezvous with the wagons and tell them to press on. As soon as I have Excalibur, we'll join them and the kingdom will be mine.\" \"Your hands!\" Ingrid cried, noticing the cuts on his knuckles from punching dragonhide, \"don't they hurt?\" \"Eh?\" Ruber looked at his hands, \"I suppose it's not the most comfortable thing in the world. I'm used to it.\" \"Please, let me help,\" Ingrid said pulling him toward the creek. He shrugged and let her take him. As he watched her clean his wounds with her handkerchief, the glow in his eyes flickered off again. \"Ingrid I wanted to tell you that I'm sorry,\" he said. She looked at him. \"What?\" \"I'm sorry for killing your father, and for causing you and your family such pain,\" he explained, \"Sir Lionel was one of my closest friends. I don't know what… For a long time I haven't quite felt like myself. Sometimes I find myself doing things that I can't control and I...I can't stop.\" Ingrid's suspicions were confirmed. She was not a practiced student by any definition of the word, but she did know a thing or two about magical curses and possessions. The real Ruber was buried beneath a very strong curse indeed. \"When did you start feeling this way?\" Ingrid asked. But it was too late. The glow in his eyes returned. \"I don't need your help,\" he said, jerking his hands away and standing up, \"meddle in someone else's business.\" \"Wait!\" Ingrid cried, rising and following him, \"I want to try something.\" Ruber stopped. Ingrid took one of his hands in hers. She whispered an old spell she'd learned from Merlin the first and only time she'd met him. After her father's death, she'd been forbidden by her mother to use what little magic she knew. Lady Juliana said it was dangerous. But she'd used it a few times in secret since then. As she whispered the last incantation, she placed her other hand on top of Ruber's, and when she released it, it was healed and free of any cut or blemish. Even his fingernails were neat and trimmed. Ruber examined his hand in bewilderment. \"I didn't know you could do magic.\" \"I can only do little things like healing small injuries and heating and cooling water,\" Ingrid mumbled. Ruber held out his other hand. \"If you don't mind.\" Ingrid obliged, healing the hand just as easily as she'd done the other. Ruber raised an eyebrow. \"I'm rather glad I brought you along.\"[Chapter 8] Early the next morning, the group started off looking for Kayley again. They didn't have to look long. Loud voices could be heard in a large patch of thick thorny vines. Apparently an argument had broken out. Ruber motioned silently for one of his men to come forward. The man knelt down and aimed his arm carefully. Without warning, a large arrow launched from the end of his wrist and hit the blind man in the side. Ruber and his men jumped into their sight. \"Get them!\" Ruber called, swinging his sword threateningly. \"No!\" Kayley cried. The falcon flew toward Ruber's face, distracting him long enough for the blind man to knock him backwards with his wooden staff. Suddenly, the vines around them began to move. Ingrid leapt from her hiding place and shouted, \"Look out!\" She pointed at the thin, spindly monsters disguised in the vines who were beginning to attack. Their sharp, skinny hands clutched and snatched at anything that moved. Ingrid slid between two fingers as she ran towards the fight. In an impressive move, Kayley lassoed the arm of one of the viney figures and forced it to grasp at Ruber and his men, burying them in the dirt. \"Kayley!\" Ingrid cried, throwing her arms around her sister. \"Ingrid, quick!\" Kayley said, breaking from her embrace and helping the blind man up, \"There's no time to lose! They could break free at any second! Come with Garrett and I! Escape while you have a chance!\" Ingrid looked back at the spot where Ruber and his men were buried in the dirt. \"Kayley, please try to understand,\" Ingrid said, \"I still have work to do here. I pray one day this makes sense.\" \"Are you crazy?!\" Kayley asked. \"Go!\" Ingrid said, \"Get as much of a head start on us as you can! I don't know how badly Garrett is injured but the purple leaves should help. The leaves, not the flowers. You know I can only give you a few minutes to escape before I have to help them.\" \"You're...you're on his side?!\" Kayley asked, \"You would betray your own family? Betray Camelot?!\" \"No, of course not,\" Ingrid said, \"It's...it's complicated and I don't have time to explain. You must go now!\" Kayley, Garrett and the two-headed dragon slipped away.[Chapter 9] Finding nothing useful nearby, Ingrid began to dig with her bare hands, trying to release the band of ruffians. She couldn't lose the trust she'd already built up, or else Ruber's curse might never be broken. It began to rain and still she didn't stop her work. She kept digging through the day until the sun began to set. Suddenly Ruber's hand burst from the ground, quickly followed by the rest of him. He saw Ingrid and his face softened. He brushed her cheek gently. \"You're still here?\" \"I couldn't leave,\" Ingrid said simply, panting and exhausted. \"Don't tell me,\" Ruber grinned, tickling her chin \"my own wife has a soft spot for me?\" Ingrid smirked and pushed his hand away. \"Alright, you. I have a clue about where Excalibur might be and I'll not be going alone. Your men injured the blind man, perhaps even fatally. My sister won't be traveling far tonight. Frankly, I'd rather not travel very far either.\" The gryphon and the rest of the men burst out of the ground, coughing and sputtering. \"Well, master,\" the gryphon said, \"we lost them again.\" Ruber grabbed the gryphon by the ears and raised his fist to strike the creature. \"Hold on!\" Ingrid said, \"I think you'll be interested in that.\" She pointed out to the trail where several gigantic footprints made their way. \"Ah…\" Ruber said, releasing the gryphon, \"that's where they went. We'll follow in the morning. My queen has been working all day and is in need of rest.\" \"But boss…\" one of the men began to protest but stopped when Ruber gave him a murderous look. \"Set up camp,\" Ruber said, getting up and dusting himself off, \"quickly.\" At a safe distance from the vine creatures who threatened to wake up again, the band set up a small, dry camp. They gathered around a small fire, grazing on what little edible plants and berries they could find. \"What could've made tracks that big?\" one of the men asked, looking thoughtfully at the trail of giant footprints. \"An ogre,\" Ruber and Ingrid said in unison. Ingrid cleared her throat. \"Er, I've never seen an ogre before. I've only read about them.\" \"They are repulsive,\" Ruber said, \"I hope we don't have to deal with one; we've been delayed long enough.\" \"I suppose that's my fault,\" Ingrid said. \"Not so much yours as your annoying sister's,\" Ruber said, licking berry juice off of his fingers, \"By the way, how did they get away?\" \"There were three of them...er, four of them, I guess,\" Ingrid said, \"I couldn't stop them. I had only two choices: follow them or help you. And, well…\" \"Understood,\" Ruber said, \"get some sleep. We have a big day tomorrow.\" Ingrid sighed and rested her head on his lap. His eyes widened in surprise for a moment. Then he placed one hand on her shoulder and played gently with her hair with the other until she fell asleep.[Chapter 10] \" Sir Ruber!\" Ingrid called, sprinting toward the knight. It was her third time in Camelot. Ruber turned. \"That can't be Lionel's little girl?!\" he said with a smile, catching her in his arms and swinging her around. Ingrid squealed with delight. Lionel finally caught up with his daughter and beamed amusedly. \"Sir Ruber, look!\" Ingrid said proudly, holding up the carved wooden stick she'd made on the three-day journey to Camelot. \"Incredible!\" Ruber said, raising an eyebrow, \"Is it a sword so you can be a knight too, someday?\" \"No, it's a sorcerer's staff to help me cast spells!\" Ingrid explained. \"Of course! How could I have mistaken that for a sword?\" Ruber laughed, setting the girl back down. \"We have to go now, Ingrid. The knights' meeting is about to begin,\" Lionel said gently, \"Behave, please. No turning anyone into a frog.\" \"But you know,\" Ruber said, pointing, \"Merlin is the greatest wizard who ever lived. I'm sure if you asked, he could teach you a real spell.\" Ingrid looked. Merlin was hobbling out into the courtyard, using his staff as a walking stick. He wore a hooded green robe and a woven belt. His eyes were silver and wise, with a barely noticeable glint of playfulness. With her father and Sir Ruber gone, Ingrid rushed to the old wizard's side. \"Mister Merlin, sir?\" She announced her presence, \"I am Ingrid, daughter of Sir Lionel. Merlin stopped and looked the young girl up and down. \"Ahh, a young sorceress in training, I presume?\" \"Yes, sir!\" Ingrid nodded proudly, \"Could you teach me a spell?\" Merlin smiled. \"Oh I suppose I could teach you a little something. How about healing cuts? Have you ever played too hard and accidentally fallen and gotten hurt?\" \"Lots of times!\" Ingrid said. \"Well I'll show you how to fix it,\" Merlin grinned. \"I hate to say it,\" Ruber said, shaking Ingrid awake, \"But I think we might have to face an ogre today.\" The morning was foggy and slightly cold. Ingrid wished she'd brought a cloak. She snuggled closer to her husband, trying to leach warmth from him. \"Oh no,\" she said groggily, \"Why is that?\" \"I can smell it from here,\" Ruber said, \"he must've just returned to his cave.\" \"Don't ogres sleep during the day?\" Ingrid asked. \"They do,\" Ruber said, \"If they're not disturbed. You'd better pray your sister and her idiotic friends don't wake him.\" The group followed the trail of Kayley, Garrett and the dragons, who must've had a slow start. Ruber and his band caught up to them in no time. Confirming Ingrid's fears, Kayley and her friends entered the cave of the ogre. \"Curses!\" Ingrid hissed, \"you don't think the ogre might actually have the sword, do you?\" \"Hmm,\" Ruber said, squinting, \"I can't think of any other reason those fools would walk willingly into an ogre's den.\" They entered the cave close behind their prey. The smell of ogre was strong and sickening now. Like a thousand years of rotting animals[Chapter 11] The cave went on like a tunnel for some time, becoming darker and darker as they went. Soon it came to an enormous cavern with a hole in the top that let just enough light in for everything to be more or less visible again. \"Hey boss!\" one of the mechanical soldiers bellowed, \"Look! It's the--\" Ruber used another soldier's hand to slam into his face and silence him. But they all saw what he'd been talking about. The dragons were holding Garrett off the side of the cliff, who held Kayley in turn, making a long chain reaching down toward… \"Excalibur!\" Ingrid whispered. But the legendary sword was trapped in the clutches of a giant stone fist. Ruber rolled his eyes, \"I hate ogres. Walk this way.\" He led them around a narrow outcropping which appeared to lead to the same cliff that Kayley and her friends were standing on. After hearing his men clinking and clanking against the stone despite their best efforts, he took an annoyed breath and decided to fly to Excalibur instead. The dust from the ancient cave made the gryphon sneeze loudly. Ingrid gasped and backed up against the wall as the ogre's giant eye opened and looked directly at Kayley. Ingrid held her breath. To her astonishment, the group of misfits began to swing Kayley back and forth like a pendulum which, beyond all reason, put the monster back to sleep. Kayley was able to grab the sword. \"Yes!\" Ingrid whispered. Ruber and the gryphon neared the group but were suddenly blown off course by a yawn from the ogre. They fell out of the air and landed on the cave floor and as the ogre turned in his stony bed, Ruber and the Gryphon were trapped beneath its gigantic backside. Ingrid looked to make sure they were still alive and moving before chasing her sister out another long tunnel. A thunderous noise sounded in the cavern behind them. A smell unlike anything Ingrid had smelled before filled the tunnel. Suddenly two figures sailed through the air above her and crashed into a wall. It was Ruber and the gryphon. Ingrid watched Kayley and Garrett escape with the sword and ran to Ruber's side. \"They've escaped again!\" Ingrid cried, relieved inside but trying to sound desperate. Ruber and the gryphon pried themselves off the wall just as the rest of the men finally caught up to them. The group ran outside just in time to see Kayley and Garrett sliding down a steep cliff, riding on the flightless two-headed dragon. Ruber kicked his men off the cliff, mounted the gryphon and pulled Ingrid up with him. As the gryphon was taking off, he tripped sending them all tumbling down the cliff as well. Once they reached the bottom, none of them were seriously injured, but they had lost Kayley and the sword once more. Ruber's eyes flickered as he looked at Ingrid. \"Are you alright?\" he asked, sidling up next to her and holding her gently. \"I just wish we didn't have to do this,\" Ingrid sobbed, trying to make herself cry to gain his sympathy, \"I wish we could be living on some nice farmland, protecting Camelot like the old days. I never needed to be a queen, I only want to be yours!\" It wasn't her best piece of acting, but she hoped it would work. She hoped that her pleas would appeal to the real Ruber's better nature. Her fears were realized when the eerie glow came back to his eyes. \"Don't worry, darling,\" he said darkly, \"I'm going to make it all better.\" Then he turned to his men, \"They think they've gotten away, but I know just where they're headed.\"[Chapter 12] Ruber, Ingrid, the gryphon and the soldiers lay in hiding, waiting for their prey to emerge from the forest. When there finally was movement, Ingrid was surprised to see Kayley all alone with Excalibur, no Garett and no dragon. Ruber's men jumped out and quickly seized the young woman. \"I'll take that,\" Ruber said, grabbing Excalibur away from Kayley who struggled in vain against the iron clutches of her captors. Ingrid rushed to Kayley's side, throwing her arms around her sister. \"I'm so sorry I failed you,\" she whispered, \"I couldn't save him and I can't stop him.\" Ruber sighed in ecstasy, \"Excalibur! Mine forever! I've waited ten years to hold this sword.\" He laughed darkly. \"And now, I'll make sure I hold it forever.\" He took the green vial of potion out of his shirt. It was the same potion he'd used to merge all his men with weapons. Ingrid gasped. \"No, Ruber, please…\" \"Prepare,\" Ruber said, ignoring her, \"for the dawning of a new age!\" He shook a few drops of potion onto the wrist of the hand holding Excalibur. \"No!\" Kayley cried. A blinding green light flooded the scene as Excalibur was connected, forever, onto Ruber's arm. Kayley collapsed. \"Don't worry, little girl,\" Ruber said mockingly, \"I'll make sure Arthur gets it back. Or gets it in the back, as the case may be.\" He laughed evilly. \"Throw them both into the wagon.\" Ingrid and Kayley were thrown unceremoniously into the back of a wagon. Lady Juliana was there. \"Girls!\" she gasped. \"Mother!\" the girls cried in unison. The three of them hugged each other tightly. \"Thank heavens you're safe,\" Juliana whispered. \"I failed you, mother,\" Kayley cried, \"and now Camelot will be lost!\" Kayley began to cry. Juliana wiped away her tears. \"No dear, you were brave.\" \"It's all my fault,\" Ingrid whimpered, \"I should've known I couldn't save him. I'm no great sorceress. I'm only a girl.\" \"Save who, dear?\" Juliana asked. \"Ruber,\" Ingrid said, \"He's under a spell, mother! The real Ruber would never do any of the evil things he's done. Maybe if I was a great magician like Merlin, I could've saved him. But he's gone and there's nothing I can do.\" \"He's...under a spell? How do you know?\" Kayley asked. \"I...don't know how to explain it. It's something about the eyes,\" Ingrid said, \"Please, don't judge him too harshly. It's the curse making the choices, not him.\" \"What a touching reunion,\" Ruber's voice said. He appeared in the window, \"But all this love is making me nauseous. And you have a job to do, Juliana. Remember, if you don't…\" One of his men grabbed Kayley and held a bladed hand to her neck. \"I'll do my job on her.\" \"Don't lose hope,\" Juliana whispered, going to sit up front where she could be clearly seen by the knights guarding the gates of Camelot. Ingrid curled up in a ball helplessly. She should've known better than to think she could make any difference. Because of her, her family was still in danger, Camelot was heading toward a sure demise and Ruber was trapped deep inside himself never to escape. Ingrid shuddered, unable to move even as Kayley defeated her captor, expelling him from the wagon. \"Ingrid, get up!\" Kayley cried, shaking her motionless sister, \"we have to help! We don't have much time.\" She didn't wait for a response. She burst through the top of the wagon and yelled as loudly as she could, \"Hey, it's a trap!\" Suddenly things were pushed into action. The metal men emerged and the people of Camelot screamed in fear and surprise. Kayley knelt next to her sister and lifted her face so they could see eye to eye. \"You can help now, or I can watch the brave, fearless young woman our father once saw in you die right before my eyes,\" Kayley said, \"We're counting on you. Camelot is counting on you.\"[Chapter 13] Kayley left to join the fight. Ingrid sat up. Her sister was right, she couldn't give up hope now. She had to try and break the curse and stop the attack and sooner than later. She got up and ran out into the courtyard. Ruber rode by on a big black horse, taking out three knights in one swing. Ingrid called to him. He looked, his eyes flickered. \"This is no place for you! Get to safety! I can't protect you and I can't have you hurt!\" His eyes flickered back. \"Now!\" he yelled angrily. Then he rode away toward the council room where the round table sat. Ingrid had to find Merlin. He was the only one who could break the spell. Ingrid entered the castle, running through the long stone hallways. She found him, at last, in the library. \"Merlin, sir!\" Ingrid cried, surprised at his calmness, \"I need your help! Ruber has Excalibur and he means to kill Arthur and take over the kingdom!\" Merlin pulled out an old, dusty volume and placed it, open, on a table. \"He will not succeed,\" Merlin said, speaking calmly and slowly. \"That's not all,\" Ingrid said, \"I believe Ruber to be under a powerful curse. He's doing all this against his will.\" Merlin looked up at her, \"You know much, Ingrid, daughter of Sir Lionel.\" \"You know of the curse?\" Ingrid asked. \"I did not know for sure,\" Merlin said, \"I had only a hunch. I never was close enough to see his eyes. But he did exhibit every sign.\" \"Is there any way for us to free him?\" Ingrid asked, \"I know he wouldn't be doing this if...if he was in control.\" Merlin looked at her and put a hand on her shoulder gravely. \"My dear,\" he said, \"I'm afraid...if we do not know the source of his curse, we cannot stop it. Unless you want to stop him where he stands and ask him, his attempt to overthrow the king will be his downfall.\" Ingrid looked at him wide-eyed, and slowly backed away before turning and sprinted back down Camelot's hallways. When she found the door to the council room, she found that a small group of knights were already trying in vain to get inside. The doors were barricaded from the inside. Ingrid asked, \"Is Ruber in there?\" One of the knights turned, \"He is, and he's got the king trapped inside!\" Ingrid knew she couldn't get through the door, but she remembered trying to peek through the windows when she was a child. She turned and ran to find an exit. She found one just in time, for just as she passed the stone from which Excalibur came, she saw Ruber hobbling toward it. Kayley and Garrett stood between him and the stone.[Chapter 14] \"Two for the price of one! This must be my lucky day!\" Ruber reared back, aiming his sword at the pair of them. But as he swung, Kayley and Garrett leapt apart, causing Ruber to lodge Excalibur in its stone. Arthur was the only one who could pull it from the stone. Ruber was trapped. Ingrid ran to his side. A flood of blue magic began to spout forth from the stone. It spread like fire throughout Camelot. Ruber began to be pulled away, pieces of him disappearing. \"I'm sorry, Ingrid,\" he said, \"I'm so sorry.\" \"No!\" Ingrid cried, throwing her arms around his waist, \"No, you cannot! Ruber, don't leave me!\" She began to cry, closing her eyes tightly against the world. She held Ruber as if he were her last connection to the world. Without warning, she and Ruber were launched backward by the force of the magic returning to Excalibur's stone. When Ingrid opened her eyes again, everything seemed to have gone back to the way it was. The window was fixed, those who were injured were healed. Ingrid looked up. Ruber sat up, looking confused but…whole. The glow that had resided in his eyes was no longer there. Both of his hands had been restored. He looked down at Ingrid as a crowd began to gather. \"That can't be Lionel's little girl,\" he said, grinning slightly. Ingrid scrambled up to meet him, kissing his lips so voraciously she almost knocked him back over. He kissed her back, holding her tightly. King Arthur, Kayley, Garrett, Lady Juliana and a host of knights encircled them. \"Get him!\" one of the knights exclaimed, \"We don't want him starting up again!\" \"Ruber, you are guilty of treason and attempted assassination of the king,\" another knight said. \"That is right,\" Ruber said, \"It's all very blurry, but I remember.\" \"No!\" Ingrid cried, \"Please! He was under a spell; he didn't know what he was doing!\" Ruber let himself be taken into custody without a fight. \"My king, if I may\" Merlin's voice sounded. Everyone stopped and looked at the old wizard. He held a piece of Ruber's armor with a handkerchief. \"I can confirm Ingrid's story,\" he said, \"Sir Ruber was under one of the most advanced curses I have ever seen. Who placed this curse I cannot say as of yet. This is its source.\" He held up the shoulder piece of Ruber's armor which had apparently been blown off in the blast of magic. \"The curse may still be present, which is why I dare not touch it with bare hands,\" Merlin explained. \"Ruber,\" Ingrid turned to him, \"who gave you that armor?\" \"I had the armor made by a blacksmith to match that shoulder piece,\" Ruber said, nodding toward the horned, red mask-like thing in Merlin's hand, \"Where that came from, I do not know. I found it in the deserts west of our land long, long ago. On an exploration mission with your father, in fact.\" \"And you noticed your self-control slipping since that?\" Ingrid asked. \"Well...yes,\" Ruber said, \"It's hard to remember, it was so long ago and I've only had few moments of clarity since then. But gradually I began to get ideas of taking over Camelot...of sending the world into endless war.\" \"Curses always propel the wishes of the caster,\" Merlin said. \"But...who would want endless war?\" Ingrid asked. \"It's a question for a later time,\" Merlin said, folding the armor piece up, putting it in his cloak pocket and placing a hand on Ingrid's shoulder. The old wizard turned to King Arthur. \"Now, with your permission, your highness, I would advise the release of Sir Ruber. He will be useful in the very near future.\" King Arthur nodded. Ruber was released. He ran to Ingrid and held her tightly. The king called him forth along with Ingrid, Kayley and Garrett. The four of them knelt at the base of the stone. Arthur placed his hands on Excalibur and pulled it smoothly out of its stone.[Chapter 15] The crowd looked on in awe as Ruber, Garrett, Ingrid and Kayley marched single file through the great hall. Arthur stood at the front of the room, holding Excalibur. The four adventurers knelt before their king. \"Sir Ruber, I invite you once more to sit at the round table as a knight of Camelot,\" Arthur addressed Ruber first. Ruber nodded respectfully. \"I dub thee, Sir Garrett,\" Arthur said, knighting the blind man. Then the king turned to Ingrid, \"I will give you the title of Lady Ingrid and the opportunity to sit alongside us at the round table. However, you shall be the apprentice of Merlin and will solemnly swear to use your knowledge to protect Camelot and her people. Will you do this, Lady Ingrid?\" \"I will,\" Ingrid replied. \"And finally, I dub thee Lady Kayley,\" King Arthur said, knighting the excited young woman. The four of them rose and faced the crowd. \"Thank you for saving Camelot,\" King Arthur said, \"You have reminded us that a kingdom's strength is not based on the strength of the king but on the strength of its people.\" The crowd cheered and joyful music began to play. Kayley and Garrett danced and Ruber danced with his wife, seeing her completely clearly for the first time in years. \"Are you...sure you want to be with me still? After all, I was under a spell when I forced you to marry me,\" he asked quietly, \"I don't think anyone would blame you if you decided…\" \"I wouldn't dream of it,\" Ingrid assured him, \"unless, now that you see clearly, you'd rather not keep me.\" \"Of course I want to,\" Ruber said, \"Although, I am a bit worried about my, er...in-laws.\" Ingrid caught sight of her mother in the crowd, wringing her hands nervously as she watched the pair of them dancing. \"Can you blame her?\" Ingrid asked. Ruber bowed his head, \"If there was a way to bring Sir Lionel back…\" \"Don't,\" Ingrid said, kissing his cheek, \"Don't blame yourself. We'll find the one truly responsible. And Kayley and my mother will warm up to you eventually.\" Ruber raised an eyebrow, \"I'm rather glad I brought you along.\"[Chapter 16] Book 2 Merlin sniffed the small puddle of rat blood that Ingrid had been enchanting all morning. He frowned and performed a spell to magnify the scent. Then he sighed. \"It is still not quite right,\" he said shaking his head, \"You were very close this time. I had to magnify the scent to catch any flaw. But it still smells faintly of blood.\" Ingrid groaned and sat herself roughly down in a chair nearby. \"Why do I even need to know this?\" she asked, folding her arms in frustration, \"Under what circumstances will I ever need to mask the scent of blood to protect Camelot?\" \"The future is never certain, even for those of us that can read it,\" Merlin said calmly, \"You may never have to use this spell, and in fact it's more than likely that you won't. But you cannot pick and choose which spells to learn based on what you think the future might hold. You have to be prepared for everything.\" Ingrid sighed. \"You're right, of course, as always.\" Merlin smiled kindly and placed an old, wrinkled hand on his apprentice's shoulder. \"You are doing well. True, magic is no simple thing to learn, but I am certain that I did not choose my apprentice unwisely. Your love of magic and your persistence tell me that much.\" Ingrid grinned. \"I suppose I should be going,\" she said, \"Ruber will be off of his patrol any minute now.\" \"Actually,\" Merlin said, \"He is already back. The king and I have decided now is the time to call for a meeting. You, your husband, your sister, and her husband are all asked to attend. They are waiting for us now, I'm sure.\" Ingrid stood and she and Merlin started on their way to the round table. \"A meeting?\" Ingrid asked, \"Is something wrong?\" \"Camelot is not yet in peril,\" Merlin said, \"For that we must be thankful.\" Ingrid decided to ask no more questions until they got there, since it was clear Merlin would share no more. As they approached the door to the council room, Ingrid lifted a hand and used magic to open the doors. \"Well done,\" Merlin said. Ingrid chuckled as they entered the room. King Arthur sat in his usual spot, with Excalibur draped safely across the back of his chair. Kayley and Garrett sat to his right, leaving one empty chair for Merlin directly next to the king. Ruber sat on the king's left, motioning for Ingrid to sit next to him. Once everyone was seated, Arthur said, \"Thank you for meeting with me, my friends. As you know, all of us have been hard at work doing all we can to find the perpetrator behind Ruber's curse, from which he was freed almost a year ago.\" Ruber leaned forward, very interested now. \"And, while we have not found the person who cast the curse,\" Arthur said, causing all four of the band to lean back in their seats, discouraged, \"Merlin has found a clue that might lead us to them.\" Arthur motioned to Merlin and sat down. Merlin stood, taking a large book out of his cloak that Ingrid had somehow failed to notice. \"In my search for information on the mask that cursed Sir Ruber, I found this,\" Merlin said, levitating the book and flipping through its pages by magic. The heavy volume fell to the round table with a loud thud, open on a page with several masks, similar to the one that Ruber had found and been cursed by years before. \"This chapter documents a reclusive desert tribe called the Tantalians,\" Merlin said, \"Not much is known about them except that they roam the deserts west of our lands and they have a fascination with witchcraft and dark magic.\" \"Then we know where it came from,\" Garrett said. \"But what good does it do us?\" Ingrid asked, \"We don't know where they are or how many of them there are. They could be planning an attack as we speak. If Ruber's curse showed us anything, it's that whoever cast it wants to overthrow the kingdom.\" \"Yes,\" Arthur said, \"And that is why we are sending you four on another quest for Camelot.\"[Chapter 17] The Double Dragon Theater already had a line out the door for that night's show. Ever since Devon and Cornwall had started up their little production, they'd become wildly popular for their comedy routines, dramatic recitations and musical numbers. It was nearly impossible to get a seat these days. \"Stay together,\" Kayley said, grasping Garret's hand. Ingrid held Ruber's hand, winking up at him. The four of them shoved their way through the crowd causing several indignant grunts followed by fearful gasps. Ruber still caused a sensation in Camelot a year after his attack on the city. Most knew that the king had pardoned the knight, but not many knew the reason why and worried that he could snap at any time. Ruber still wasn't quite used to this reaction, but it did make getting places much easier. After fighting through the crowd, Kayley led her friends backstage to the dragons' dressing room. A gold star with \"DEVON AND CORNWALL\" written on it was affixed to the door. Kayley knocked. \"We'll be signing autographs after the show!\" Devon's voice cried. \"Get back in line!\" Cornwall added. \"It's me!\" Kayley replied, rolling her eyes. There was a rustle inside and the door opened to reveal the large two-headed dragon, wearing a flashy costume that split down the middle. \"Kayley! Garrett! What a surprise!\" Devon cried, throwing his arm around dramatically. \"Devon, Cornwall,\" Kayley said, grinning, \"I haven't seen you since we came to your first show! It was wonderful!\" \"Oh, we change up our act all the time,\" Cornwall said, \"You'll have to see some of our new stuff! There's always seats available for you guys!\" \"That sounds great!\" Kayley said. \"You've certainly made a name for yourselves here,\" Garrett said smiling. \"Ah yes,\" Devon said, \"there's nothing quite like the fulfillment of a lifelong dream.\" \"Listen,\" Kayley said, \"We need your help. You remember my sister, Ingrid? And...of course you remember her husband, Sir Ruber.\" Devon took Ingrid's hand and kissed it, \"Madam.\" \"Yeah,\" Cornwall said, squinting at Ruber, \"I remember 'em real well.\" Ruber frowned slightly, raising an eyebrow. \"The four of us have been sent on a quest by King Arthur,\" Kayley said, \"To find the person who cast the spell on Ruber that made him do all of those terrible things.\" She put a placating hand on the feisty dragon's shoulder. \"A quest!\" Devon said dreamily, \"It makes me long for the days when we came along on quests with you!\" \"Well,\" Kayley said, \"that's actually why we've come to see you. We'd hoped you'd come with us.\" \"Us?!\" Cornwall asked excitedly. \"But when? Where?\" Devon asked fussily. \"We start out tomorrow,\" Garrett said, \"To the Tantalian deserts. There's no telling when we'll be back.\" Devon and Cornwall exchanged a look. \"Tonight might be our last show for who knows how long,\" Cornwall said. \"Indeed,\" Devon said thoughtfully. \"If it's too inconvenient for you, we can go alone,\" Kayley said, \"I just would love for you to come along.\" Devon and Cornwall looked at each other again. \"Alright, we're in,\" Cornwall said. \"Yes, absolutely!\" Devon said, \"Tomorrow we leave!\" \"Great!\" Kayley said.[Chapter 18] \"Do you remember where exactly you found the mask?\" Ingrid asked her husband. She, Ruber, Garrett and Kayley led the way, followed by Devon, Cornwall and the gryphon. \"I do not,\" Ruber said, squinting his eyes and shaking his head as if it would help jog his memory, \"I suppose I'd be able to point out the place if I saw it, but I wouldn't know how to get there.\" The morning was beginning to turn into mid-day as the group traveled the main road. The Tantalian deserts lay west of the furthest reaches of Arthur's kingdom. \"Didn't you say you went there on a mission with our father?\" Kayley asked. Ruber perked up. \"Yes, indeed,\" he said grinning a little, \"it was Sir Tristan, Sir Lionel, and I. The king sent us to explore the lands west of the kingdom and report back to him. We found only desert for miles and, well, Camelot had no use for deserts, even uninhabited ones.\" \"So you saw no sign of the Tantalian tribe? Or had any idea of their existence?\" Kayley asked. \"Not a bit,\" Ruber said, \"although we wondered where that mask could have come from. We thought there might be desert dwellers, but it just as easily could've been dropped by someone passing by.\" Ingrid pulled a small bundle out of her cloak and unfolded it to reveal the cursed mask. \"Why would a tribe of desert people want to overthrow Camelot?\" she asked thoughtfully. \"Jealousy?\" Garrett suggested, \"Camelot is the most powerful and successful kingdom in the world. Our lands are fertile, our people live easy lives. We have much that others want.\" Sometimes it was easy to forget that Garrett was blind since he saw so much. Ingrid folded the mask back up carefully and put it away. \"I...never really asked you, Garrett, but,\" Ruber said, \"the magic of Excalibur broke my curse. How is it that it didn't give you your sight back?\" Garrett grinned. \"It did. For a moment.\" \"What?\" everyone gasped. \"Excalibur took away my blindness,\" Garrett said, \"But I remembered how much being blind had taught me and somehow I couldn't abandon it. I had enough time to see Kayley's face just one time before my sight was taken again.\" Kayley grinned and grasped his hand. \"Yes!\" Devon said, \"something similar happened to us!\" \"Really?\" Garrett asked. \"We split and then we got put back together,\" Cornwall said, \"there wasn't any big emotional scene.\" Kayley raised an eyebrow and smiled. \"Kayley, look!\" Ingrid cried, pointing. In the distance was the home they'd grown up in. There were still chickens pecking around the yard and animals out in the fields just like always. \"Let's go!\" Kayley cried, \"Mother will be surprised to see us!\"[Chapter 19] Ingrid and Kayley sighed in unison as they remembered the games they used to play as children in this very courtyard. Ingrid glanced at the well where, a year before, Ruber had fused metal weapons with human men to create an army to take over Camelot. Ruber, as if sensing her thoughts, grasped her hand. \"Let's see if Lady Juliana will let me through the door,\" he said, chuckling uncomfortably. \"I wouldn't,\" Cornwall said. Kayley reached for knocker and announced their presence. A servant opened the door and Juliana stood not far behind. \"Hello, Mother!\" Kayley called. Juliana came to the door, thanked and dismissed the servant and sighed. \"As long as I live, I shall never get used to a sight like this,\" she said, \"my own two daughters, married, dressed in the garb of Camelot, with a gryphon and a two-headed dragon in tow. I can't imagine what your father would think.\" She smiled and hugged both of her girls and Garrett. She shook Ruber's hand firmly and beckoned them all inside. \"I… don't think a dragon or a gryphon will fit through the door,\" Juliana said uncomfortably, \"but you might come to the windows here where you can talk and eat with us.\" The humans shuffled inside while the dragon and gryphon settled down next to the open windows. \"How have you been, Mother?\" Ingrid asked as she began to help a servant chop vegetables. \"I've been fine, dear,\" Juliana sighed, \"I do get a bit lonely sometimes without my family here, but it's alright.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Ingrid said, \"I would visit more, but my studies with Merlin are quite rigorous and it's a three day journey.\" \"I understand, dear,\" Juliana said. She turned to Kayley, \"And you? What's your excuse?\" \"I've been busy too, Mother,\" Kayley said, \"even in times of peace, a knight's work is never done.\" \"What brings you all out my way now?\" Lady Juliana asked as she and Kayley set the table. \"We' on a quest,\" Garrett replied, \"to find the ones responsible for cursing Sir Ruber.\" \"How do we know Ruber was really cursed, anyway?\" Cornwall asked, poking his head through the window. \"You don't,\" Ruber said gruffly, \"and I don't suppose there's any way I'll make you believe me. But King Arthur and Merlin do. You think you know better than they?\" Cornwall retreated. \"Please,\" Garrett said, \"we cannot fight amongst ourselves or our quest is doomed. I believe Sir Ruber. We all witnessed the power of Excalibur. Surely it could've destroyed any magic curse; in fact, I believe it was only Ingrid's love that prevented Ruber from being destroyed along with it.\" Ruber took Ingrid's hand and kissed it. \"You don't have to believe him. You don't even have to like him. But you must cooperate with him if we are to protect the kingdom. We must put aside our differences for the good of Camelot,\" Garrett concluded. \"Hear, hear!\" Devon said. The servants brought dishes of food to the table and to the window. \"Camelot is in danger?\" Juliana asked. \"It's not in any immediate danger that we know of,\" Ingrid said, \"But whoever cast that spell on Ruber wants to overthrow the kingdom.\" Lady Juliana sighed. \"Just when I start to think my girls are safe, you two find your way into another dangerous adventure.\" \"We'll be alright, Mother,\" Kayley said smiling, \"we're brave. Besides, Ingrid knows magic now!\" \"Ah, well…\" Ingrid said. \"Of course,\" Ruber said, \"and she's brilliant. I've watched her practice and it's just incredible.\" Ingrid smiled, her face turning red. \"Still, what would I do if I lost either of you?\" Lady Juliana asked, \"You're all I have left.\" \"Lady Juliana,\" Sir Ruber said, rising from his chair, \"I have taken your husband away from you forever, and for that I can never forgive myself nor make it right. But your daughter has entrusted me with her heart and I do not take it lightly. I promise you that as long as I am around, I will not let harm come to either of your daughters, even if it means my own death.\" He sat back down and continued eating. Juliana looked at him agape. \"You know, Sir Ruber,\" she said, \"I wasn't quite sure I believed all that business about a curse until now. Only the Ruber my husband and I once knew spoke that way. Sir Lionel often told tales of your gallantry, and I trust that you will keep your word.\" Ruber bowed his head reverently. Kayley sighed, rubbing her temples. \"It's been an interesting night. I feel it's time to sleep.\" \"Indeed,\" Lady Juliana said, \"I suppose you remember the way to your rooms?\" Kayley chuckled and led Garrett to her old room. Ingrid helped the servants gather up the dishes and then took Ruber to her old room as well. Nothing about it had changed. The sheets were still clean and neat, even Ingrid's box of old toys and drawings was undisturbed in the corner. Ruber lay on the bed while Ingrid opened the box. She chuckled and pulled out a wooden stick. \"Remember this?\" She asked. Ruber grinned. \"The magic staff of a wizard,\" he replied. Ingrid dug around through other odds and ends. She laughed, pulling out a drawing of herself, her father and Sir Ruber fighting dragons. She lay on the bed next to her husband, showing him the picture. \"What's this?\" Ruber asked. \"That's us fighting dragons,\" Ingrid replied, \"I suppose it's good I decided to become a sorceress rather than an artist.\" Ruber laughed, setting the picture aside and pulling Ingrid close. \"We should sleep,\" he said softly, \"we have a long journey ahead of us.\" \"Yes, sir,\" Ingrid said drowsily.[Chapter 20] Convincing Lady Juliana that they had to go was a difficult task the next morning. After she was finally done sending food and supplies with them and adding things at the last minute, the group got on the road an hour after they'd meant to. As they passed their neighbor's farm a mile west, Ingrid realized it was the furthest west she and Kayley had ever been before. There wasn't much out that way besides a few more farms, or so they were always told. \"Are there...dragons in the desert?\" Cornwall asked suddenly. \"I never saw one,\" Ruber said, \"but there are sandworms. And dust bats at night.\" \"Sandworms?\" Kayley asked nervously. \"Yes,\" Ingrid said, \"Large pink worms with razor-sharp fangs that wriggle through the sand and spit poison. They can burst from the ground at any time. I read about them in one of Merlin's books.\" Ruber grinned and took her hand. \"It's not as terrible as all that. They're not as big as you'd think and you can hear them coming. There's always a loud crunching noise before they come out.\" \"Well what about the dust bats?\" Kayley asked. \"Even more harmless than the worms,\" Ruber assured her, \"They keep to themselves mostly, and if you do run into one it only explodes into a puff of dust. A little startling, perhaps, but not harmful.\" The foliage was beginning to fade away now and was replaced by sagebrush and dry weeds. They walked further on, discussing the dangers of the desert. Soon they were far past the trees and plants of any kind. The group plodded on, each pretending that the midday heat wasn't bothering them. Finally, Ingrid stopped. \"We can't rest until we reach an oasis, darling,\" Ruber said. \"One moment,\" Ingrid said, sitting down in the sand. \"Ingrid, what are you doing? We're wasting time!\" Kayley cried. \"Sh! I'm trying to remember a spell,\" Ingrid hissed, closing her eyes tightly. She whispered to herself for a moment and then let out an \"ah!\" of success. She then stood up and uttered an incantation while pinching at the air with one hand as if she was trying to pluck the sun out of the sky. With every motion, a wispy dome covered a larger and larger area until finally it covered the entire group. The air felt cool and comfortable under Ingrid's dome. Devon sighed and Cornwall said, \"Nice one, wizard lady.\" \"You're brilliant,\" Ruber said quietly. Ingrid grinned and kissed his cheek. \"Well,\" Garrett said, \"we're in the desert now. Lead the way, Sir Ruber.\" \"Right,\" Ruber said, rubbing his right temple, \"We keep going west for about a day's journey. Then we head north until we reach the oasis. The place I found the mask is another day's journey west from there.\" \"Then we'd best get a move on,\" Kayley said. The group traveled forward toward the heart of the desert.[Chapter 21] \"Tell us more about our father, Sir Ruber,\" Kayley said as the company sat around the fire, having just finished their supper of desert hare. Ruber chuckled. \"What could I tell you that wouldn't sully your memory of him?\" \"Please?\" Kayley asked, smiling. Ruber rubbed his temples and said, \"Were you ever told about how we first met?\" \"No, sir,\" Kayley replied. \"It was during the long war before Arthur became king,\" Ruber began, \"I was traveling south alone after having been exiled by my entire family. The war was a very dark time, when we were so divided.\" Ingrid remembered the stories that her father had told her of the war. The land was divided and leaderless, brother fighting brother. \"When I first saw Sir Lionel, he was defending his home from a couple of robbers,\" Ruber continued, \"I didn't stop to think. I helped him drive them out without hesitation. Looking back, I suppose Lady Juliana was inside the house then, carrying you, Kayley, in her belly and you, Ingrid, on her hip.\" Although Ingrid was born during the war, she had no memory of it. The reign of Arthur was all she knew. Kayley was born the very day that Arthur claimed the throne. \"I suppose that is why your father was so grateful to me,\" Ruber finished his story, \"He was a brave and powerful man, your father, but I just might have saved his life and all of yours as well that day. In return, Sir Lionel offered me supplies and, more importantly, his friendship. In a world where I had no one, Sir Lionel was my first friend.\" Ingrid grinned. But the smile melted away to fear when she noticed that she and her company were surrounded by eyes in the dark. Ruber must've noticed it too because he breathed, \"Don't panic. Keep still.\" Before any of them could make a move, a slim, masked figure stepped into the light. His clothes seemed mostly made of leather and feathers and his mask was similar to the one they possessed. He was a Tantalian. He seemed to be wary of the dragon and gryphon, for he clenched his weapon tightly and flinched whenever one of them moved. \"What you?\" he asked finally. His voice carried a heavy accent. \"Er..\" Garrett said, clearing his throat, \"We are from Camelot. King Arthur sent us.\" The figure said something in a harsh guttural language, sending a ripple of whispers through the group surrounding them, still hidden in the dark. \"You want what?\" the first Tantalian spoke again. Ingrid rose slowly and pulled the wrapped up mask from her pack. \"We want to know where this came from.\" She unwrapped the mask and held it up for him to see, being careful not to touch it with her bare hand. The Tantalian jumped back in fright, exclaiming one word which the others all repeated in hushed, anxious whispers. Once they had settled down, the first one stepped forth again. \"Fire no,\" he said, pointing at their fire and making a dismissing motion with his hand, \"Follow.\" The group gathered themselves, put out their fire and followed the one who'd spoken to them. In the dark desert night they could feel the other Tantalians walking along in a tight circle around them. \"Where are we going?\" Kayley asked finally. The leader didn't stop but turned his head slightly and said, \"She.\"[Chapter 22] The morning came before the group finally reached their destination. An enormous dune stretched into the misty purple sky and on top of it, seemingly miles up, stood a castle. Ingrid wondered how they were going to reach the castle and dreaded having to climb all day uphill through the sand. The leader tapped his spear on the ground. With a loud rumble, a walkway protruded out of the hill, pushing sand out of the way as it appeared, winding steeply around the dune. Kayley sighed. It would still be a long walk, but not nearly as tiring as trudging through sand. \"Follow,\" the leader barked, leading the way up the mountainous dune, \"Fly no.\" He pointed threateningly at the griffin and dragon. Cornwall bit back a groan as the group followed the Tantalians up the walkway. \"Who are you?\" Garrett asked the leader. Kayley looked at him. None of them had dared ask any questions of the mysterious tribe members. Curious yet suspicious brown eyes peered at him from behind the blocky horned mask. \"I call Hacha,\" he said finally, \"Son of Chief Hinn.\" His companions repeated the chief's name in unison followed by another word, clearly as some show of respect. The walkway was just barely about to finish its third turn around the dune when they stopped for a break. Hacha pointed to the travelers. \"Sit, you.\" The companions obeyed, glancing at one another nervously. \"Take heart,\" Kayley said quietly, taking Garrett's hand, \"They haven't hurt us yet.\" \"It's not them I fear,\" Ruber replied, \"but what they might be leading us to.\" \"Right,\" Garrett added, \"Even I could tell that they were terrified by that mask.\" \"And if whoever put that curse on the mask is in this castle…\" Ingrid began, her voice trailing off fearfully. \"We're in for it,\" Cornwall finished hoarsely. Hacha trailed his finger up the side of the dune and a small stone water fountain appeared. Clear, cool water bubbled welcomingly out of it. \"Drink, all,\" Hacha announced. The companions were only too happy to drink before getting underway again. The water seemed magically invigorating, for even Cornwall and Devon didn't make another noise of complaint the rest of the journey. The group approached the castle. Hacha placed his hands on the enormous doors which then opened inward, scraping along the ground. The doors were nearly as thick as the walls, impossible for one man to open himself without magic. The room they entered now was cool and dark, lit only by two rows of small chandeliers high above. The floor was of a cold, polished brown stone and the walls were draped in black velvet. At the opposite end stood a grand staircase leading to a darkened balcony. Hacha suddenly dropped to one knee, bowing his head and repeating the word he'd said when he'd first seen the mask. The other Tantalians followed as two figures made their way down the stairs. One was a man— a Tantalian, from the look of him, though he wore no mask. Instead, where his mouth should have been, there was only smooth brown skin. Walking next to him was a tall, fair woman with dark hair and a metal crown low on her brow. She wore armor over her dark green dress and held a staff in one hand. She looked upon her visitors with heavy-lidded green eyes and a pout on her dark lips. \"Welcome, children of Camelot,\" she said with a wry smile, \"I am Morgan Le Fay.\"[Chapter 23] \"Come! Let us dine together!\" Morgan cried, \"You have had a long journey and could do with some food.\" She thumped her staff on the stone floor in a certain pattern and the Tantalians removed their masks and dropped their weapons, all of which floated to rest against the wall seemingly of their own accord. The natives swept the visitors up in their group and walked them through a door hidden in the black drapings. This new room was similar to the first but had one large chandelier and a massive black table with many chairs. Morgan took her place at the head of the table with Chief Hinn on her left and Prince Hacha on her right. The visitors were seated between them and the rest of the Tantalians. Morgan clapped her spindly hands twice and food on glistening jade plates appeared across the whole table. There were fine meats of all sorts, vegetables cooked to perfection, fresh fruits from faraway lands, decadent desserts, anything that could've been desired. Devon let out a squeaking sigh at the sight of the feast before them. Even the gryphon licked his lips hungrily. \"Eat,\" Morgan said in a sweet voice. The Tantalians didn't hesitate to dig in to the appetizing food, but the visitors all had the same thought. Perhaps she might be trying to poison them. As if sensing this, Morgan smiled and said, \"I know what you must be thinking. 'Why trust this mysterious stranger? What do we know of Morgan le Fay?'\" She picked up her cool-looking glass of red wine and sipped it cheerfully. \"I suppose that is wise,\" she continued, \"For there really is no reason you should trust me beyond my own word. But my word is all I have, and I give you my word that no harm will come to you as you sit at this table.\" The travelers exchanged glances among themselves before cautiously helping themselves to some food. This seemed to please Morgan, for she tossed her dark hair over her shoulder and leaned back, smiling. \"Besides,\" she said, \"You may not know it now, but we are not as distant strangers as you might think. We have much in common. You see, I also came from the land they now call Camelot. I was a student of Merlin.\" The rest of the travelers glanced at Ingrid, which did not go unnoticed by their host. \"Oh...oh, I see,\" she said with a grin, \"He has another.\" She sipped some wine, fixing Ingrid in an appraising stare. \"You know,\" Morgan continued, \"I was very similar to you when he began teaching me. Around the same age, same height, even looked rather like you. Things have changed, of course. I imagine he's become a very old, old man. Has he not?\" \"He has,\" Ingrid said, choosing her words carefully, \"but no less powerful.\" \"I warn you now,\" Morgan said, pointing at her, \"That no matter how much he teaches you, no matter how powerful you become, there are some things you cannot learn from old Merlin. There are some lessons he will refuse to teach you, preferring to keep certain powers to himself. What is your name?\" \"Ingrid, my lady,\" the young woman replied. \"Lady Ingrid, mark my words,\" Morgan said, \"In a coming day—perhaps not today, nor tomorrow, but someday—you will thirst for knowledge that Merlin will not give you out of his own selfishness. If you hope to ever become a great sorceress, you will have to gain this forbidden knowledge without him. When that day comes, you know where to find me.\" Ingrid didn't answer, but sat silently at the table waiting for her to go on. \"How is Camelot these days? I assume Merlin's still got his little puppet Arthur on the throne?\" \"The good King Arthur reigns yet,\" Kayley said with a sort of edge to her voice. \"I can see that you are knights of Arthur's court,\" Morgan said, \"He wouldn't send you to kill me. He's not so foolish as to believe you'd be capable of that. But then why were you out in my desert?\" \"We are on a quest, Morgan, my lady,\" Garrett spoke up. Morgan looked at him and laughed. \"A blind knight? No offense, son, but is this the best that the crop of Camelot can produce?\" If Garrett was hurt by her taunting, he didn't show it. \"Years ago,\" he spoke over Morgan's cackles, \"Our own Sir Ruber fell under a terrible curse. A curse from which he was released by the power of Excalibur not long ago. We have the object upon which the curse was placed and we seek the one who placed it.\" Morgan tilted her head. \"Blind, but intelligent. Let us see this object, then. Perhaps I can help.\" \"Ingrid?\" Garrett said. Ingrid glanced at her husband, who nodded once. She rose and, without touching the mask, held it up for the table to see. The Tantalians all looked to Morgan. She lifted a hand and the mask levitated toward her. She worked some kind of magic on the mask and then handed it to Chief Hinn, nodding. The Tantalians all whooped and hollered as Chief Hinn placed the mask back on his face. When he took it back off again, his mouth had returned to its rightful place. Morgan nodded for her guests to follow her, leaving the Tantalians to celebrate. \"I was angry years ago and took the chief's mask and cursed it and took his mouth away until it found its way back,\" she explained, \"He's not been able to talk or partake of food for many years. I'm glad it's been returned, as my temper has cooled and I've felt guilty for cursing him so.\" \"Then it was you who cursed the mask,\" Kayley said. \"Yes, and I am sorry for all the trouble it has caused, especially for you, Sir Ruber,\" Morgan said, \"But feelings change. I was once angry at Merlin and Arthur but now I am happy here in my castle with my loyal army.\" The travelers glanced at each other. \"Really, my friends,\" Morgan said, \"I am willing to let bygones be bygones if you are. You will spend the night, won't you? It's almost nightfall and we can provide you with provisions for your journey home tomorrow.\"[Chapter 24] Ingrid woke from a restless sleep to find the gryphon snoring soundly in one corner and Ruber wide awake, sitting next to the window staring out at the desert. For a moment, she forgot their strange surroundings and simply admired him. He was no longer the playful young knight from her earliest memories, even now that the curse had been lifted. But there was something about him that drew her even so. A sort of wisdom and nobility that came with age. The misty pink moonlight draped itself over his hardened face and body, sinking into the lines around his eyes. \"Can't sleep?\" She asked, sitting up in what might've been a comfortable bed if it weren't in such a strange place. Ruber looked at her and then back out the window. \"No,\" he replied as she came to sit across from him, \"My mind is too troubled to find comfort here.\" \"I kept having strange dreams,\" Ingrid said, \"I can't help thinking something is going to happen.\" \"I'm not so sure I believe that Morgan means no harm,\" Ruber said darkly, \"If she's the one who put that spell on Chief Hinn's mask, then she must have, at one time or another, wanted to overthrow the kingdom.\" \"And if she wanted to destroy Camelot once,\" Ingrid added, \"what changed her mind?\" A voice hissed, \"Red fighter!\" Ingrid and Ruber shared a startled glance. Ruber grasped one of his many hidden weapons and listened silently for the voice. \"Red fighter, wizard woman,\" the voice whispered again, \"Attack no. I am Hacha and he is Chief Hinn.\" Ruber looked over the window ledge and came face to face with the prince and right behind him was his father. The two Tantalians had scaled the castle wall. They entered in expertly through the window. Ruber stood protectively in front of his wife, unsure of what the Tantalians wanted. Chief Hinn said something in his own language, motioning wildly. \"Chief say gather friends, leave this night,\" Hacha said. \"Leave tonight?\" Ingrid asked, \"Why?\" Hacha continued to act as a translator. \"Witch plan hurting.\" \"Witch...you mean Morgan? What is she planning, Chief?\" Ingrid asked. \"Curse,\" Hacha replied, \"She want not you warn king and old wizard of plan.\" Ruber and Ingrid shared a glance. \"Come with us,\" Ingrid told Hacha. Hacha spoke to Hinn then turned back and said, \"Cannot leave. Must fight for witch. Witch have our women. She keep women until king die.\" \"We have to warn Arthur,\" Ruber said, \"If we hurry, Merlin will have enough time to come up with a plan to protect the kingdom.\" He went to wake the gryphon and the others. Ingrid turned back to the Tantalians. \"Thank you, Chief Hinn and Prince Hacha. Merlin will know what to do. We'll find a way to defeat Morgan and free all of you.\" \"Women?\" Hacha asked. \"Women too,\" Ingrid nodded, \"I promise.\"[Chapter 25] Ruber crept silently down the unfamiliar dark hall toward where he'd seen Morgan lead Kayley, Garrett, Devon, and Cornwall, sliding his hand along the covered wall to guide his way. Without warning, he bumped into someone going the other way. They both stopped. Ruber was paralyzed for a moment, wondering if he'd been caught. \"Hello?\" a familiar voice whispered. Ruber nearly sighed out loud with relief. \"Garrett,\" he whispered back, \"It's Ruber.\" Garrett let out a breath. \"Then I suppose we have the same idea.\" \"Chief Hinn and Prince Hacha said we should leave now,\" Ruber said, \"Apparently Morgan has a plan to attack Camelot.\" \"We have to get the girls out of here,\" Garrett declared, \"Our window is just large enough. It might be a tight squeeze, but if your gryphon can make it, Devon and Cornwall have agreed to fly us as far as they can.\" \"That just might work,\" Ruber agreed, \"I'll go back and get them. Be ready for when we return. And Garrett?\" \"Yes?\" the blind knight asked. \"If anything happens to me, promise you'll do all in your power to rescue Ingrid,\" Ruber said quietly. \"I swear it,\" Garrett replied, \"You know, Ruber, you're a good man. Sir Lionel knew it, Ingrid knew it, and I think in time, all the kingdom will know it too.\" Ruber couldn't see much in the darkness and he was rather glad Garrett couldn't see him either. \"Thank you,\" he said. The two knights parted ways, beginning their escape from the castle in the desert.[Chapter 26] The edge of the desert was in sight. Devon and Cornwall panted heavily as their small wings grew weaker and weaker. \"Dear Heavens,\" Devon gasped, \"I'm not sure how much longer I can go on.\" \"Don't waste our breath,\" Cornwall said, \"We have to get back to Camelot.\" \"Garrett,\" Kayley said, \"They need a rest. This is the farthest they've ever carried us. They're exhausted.\" \"Right,\" Garrett said, he called to Ruber, Ingrid and the gryphon who flew beside them, \"Devon and Cornwall need a break. You go on ahead and warn Arthur. We'll join you as soon as we can.\" Ruber and Ingrid shared a glance. \"Right,\" Ruber replied. \"Be careful and stay out of sight!\" Ingrid added. Without having to keep pace with the dragon, the gryphon flew much faster, soon leaving the other half of the group out of sight. \"What a magnificent creature,\" Ingrid said, patting the gryphon's broad shoulder. \"Thank you, my lady,\" the gryphon replied, going even faster just to show off. Soon the spires of Camelot rose up to meet them. They had hardly reached the ground before Ingrid jumped off and ran toward the castle, calling her thanks to the gryphon over her shoulder. Ruber caught up with her. \"If you warn Merlin, I'll tell Arthur,\" he offered. \"That would be great,\" Ingrid agreed, \"thank you, my love.\" The two separated. Ingrid ran to Merlin's study where she found him working quietly on a potion. \"Merlin, sir, we need your help!\" she cried. If she had startled the old man, he didn't show it. He turned slowly, \"Lady Ingrid, you found he who cast the spell on the mask?\" \"She,\" Ingrid corrected, \"Er, yes. Morgan le Fay is planning to attack Camelot, sir.\" The name brought no difference to his old face, but there was a flicker of emotion in his cloudy eyes for only an instant. \"I might've known it was Morgan who would try to overthrow the kingdom,\" Merlin said sadly. \"We need your help,\" Ingrid said, \"She has no doubt discovered that we are gone already. She could be here any minute.\" A young soldier stumbled into the room, out of breath. \"Merlin, sir! My Lady Ingrid! You must come quickly!\" The two sorcerers followed the young man. To Ingrid's surprise, he didn't lead them to a scene of Morgan attacking the courtyard, but to the healing room. Garrett lay in one bed, bruised and blackened by smoke. Devon and Cornwall lay in the next in much the same condition but with a broken wing. \"Garrett!\" Ingrid rushed to his side, \"What happened?! Where's Kayley?!\" The blind man's eyes were wide and full of tears. \"She's… Kayley is part of the dragon now. She's gone.\" \"Part of the dragon?\" Ingrid asked as nurses began to clean the young man, \"What are you talking about?!\" \"Morgan rides a dragon,\" Garrett said, shuddering, \"It was mostly bones but it absorbed all the Tantalian women and Kayley and as it goes it gets bigger and fuller. Every woman becomes another piece of the dragon. We barely escaped with our lives.\" Ingrid turned to Merlin. \"This is darker magic than I expected from her,\" the old wizard said. \"What can we do?\" Ingrid asked quietly, \"Is...is my sister gone… forever?\"[Chapter 27] \"There is no way to stop the sorceress's dragon from absorbing you,\" Merlin said quietly, \"We can only make sure that when it does, you weaken it.\" Ingrid held the bottle in her hand, gazing at the silvery blue liquid inside. She wondered for a moment how something so pretty could be so deadly. \"This will work?\" Ingrid asked, her voice beginning to quaver. \"I cannot say for sure,\" Merlin said honestly, \"That's enough poison to kill seven full grown men. Absorbing that should kill or at least severely weaken the dragon. But I could be wrong about that. There's no use in lying to you about it.\" \"No, Ruber said firmly, \"There must be another way.\" \"If there was a way to stop the dragon in such a short amount of time, I would much prefer that,\" Merlin said, \"But we have no choice. Even now, her warriors are infiltrating the city.\" \"Those are the Tantalians,\" Ingrid said, \"Please don't let them get hurt, they've done nothing wrong. They're her prisoners.\" Ingrid sighed and clasped the bottle to her chest, \"I'll do it. I'll drink the poison.\" \"Ingrid,\" Ruber said breathlessly, \"No…\" \"Ruber,\" Ingrid, placed a hand on his cheek and then embraced him, \"If this gives us a chance to save Camelot, it's a risk worth taking.\" Ruber placed his forehead against hers, \"Damn you. You're as brave and stubborn as your father,\" he said, \"I love you.\" \"I love you too,\" she replied in barely more than a whisper, \"and I always will.\" \"It's time,\" Merlin said, \"Remember, don't drink it too early or it will kill your body instead of the dragon's.\" Ingrid nodded. \"Wait,\" Ruber said, pulling her back into a deep kiss. His hands explored the thick forest of her hair, the curving hills of her body, as if she were a dreamland he hoped to remember forever. For a moment they moved together as one, inseparable. When they finally broke apart, Ingrid couldn't look at him, afraid it would change her mind. She strode boldly out into the courtyard, the bottle of poison held behind her back as she fearlessly faced Morgan and her dragon. The dragon was a horrifying beast to look at. Bones still poked through his body of bleeding muscle. With every toss of his reptilian head, drops of blood flew all around. The monster gave a hollow roar, baring his serrated teeth. Morgan looked smugly at Ingrid. \"Merlin won't fight his own battles, eh?\" she asked, \"Typical of him to send someone less important to die for him. That's right, there is no spell that can stop the dragon from taking you. This magic is older even than Merlin.\" The dragon's claws grated on the stone, sending up clouds of dust with every clunky step. Its cloudy white eyes locked the shaking young woman in their sight. Suddenly, Ingrid was reminded of a night long ago, when she awoke from a nightmare crying and calling for her father. \" It's alright, Ingrid, my love,\" Sir Lionel said, \"It was only a dream.\" He held his eldest daughter close, resting his chin on her head and gently rocking her little six-year-old self back to sleep. \"But it was like it was real,\" Ingrid said tearfully. \"Dreams are the adventures we have in our sleep,\" Lionel explained, \"They can be wonderful and scary sometimes, but they won't hurt you in real life. You can always wake up from a dream and your real life will still be just the same.\" Ingrid nodded understandingly. \"But it was still really scary.\" \"I know,\" Lionel chuckled lightly, \"You can always call on me. I'm your father. It's my job to help you through the scary parts of your life. And you'll always have me.\" Grown-up Ingrid looked into the milky eyes of the dragon and felt her body becoming light as it approached. She quickly downed the bottle of poison and grinned to herself, thinking of seeing her father's face again.[Chapter 28] Ingrid found herself seated in green grass on a sunny day. The faint smell of the water nearby reminded her of home. \"Oh, Ingrid, my brave, beautiful girl,\" a voice said. Ingrid turned. Her father was walking toward her, hand in hand with Kayley. The three of them stood on a green cliff overlooking the sea, just like the ones back home. \"Father? Kayley?\" Ingrid asked, \"What happened? Where are we?\" \"This is where I've been waiting for you all,\" Lionel replied, \"And though I would much rather keep you both forever, your visit this time will be brief.\" \"Is this...heaven?\" Ingrid asked. \"Something like that,\" Lionel nodded. He gazed at her with a smile. \"All these years and this is the hello I get?\" he asked teasingly. Ingrid stood and ran toward him, throwing her arms around him. He was just as warm but much smaller than she remembered. As if reading her mind, he said, \"You're much bigger than last time.\" \"The dragon,\" Ingrid remembered, \"Did it work? I mean, did I…?\" \"Yes, the plan worked,\" Lionel nodded, \"Arthur and your husbands are dealing with the dragon as we speak. You'll be called back soon.\" \"I wish you could come back with us,\" Kayley said. \"My darling,\" Lionel pulled her into a hug, \"I've been wishing that every day. Believe me, there's not a time that you've cried that I haven't watched, wishing I was there to comfort you. Both of you and especially your mother.\" \"But I've been watching and celebrating the wonderful women you've both become,\" Lionel continued, \"There is no prouder father anywhere. Ingrid, you have been learning the ways of Merlin and are already a talented sorceress. You found love in your heart for someone...unexpected, no doubt, but in doing so you saved the life of a great and loyal knight. Kayley, you became a knight just as you always wanted and found in Garrett a fine companion. He will make a great father. Protect the child you carry with all your might.\" Ingrid gasped. \"Kayley! You're with child?\" Before Kayley could reply, Sir Lionel took both of their hands in his and said, \"It is time to go back now, girls. Stay close, protect each other. And send my love to your mother. I will be here waiting for your return.\" The girls hugged their father one last time before waking up.[Chapter 29] As Ingrid's vision came into focus, the first thing she saw was a mane of red hair. She blinked and found herself in Ruber's strong arms. \"Ruber?\" she said quietly, her voice raspy as if she'd been asleep for hours. \"Ingrid,\" Ruber said excitedly, \"You're awake! Oh, my darling!\" He kissed her several times all over her face and only when he stopped did she see his injuries. One side of his face was badly bruised and the cheekbone looked mangled beneath the purple skin. \"Ruber! My love, what happened?\" Ingrid asked, placing a hand very gingerly onto his cheek. She whispered a healing spell and, like a cloth soaking up wine, the bruising disappeared at Ingrid's touch. The bones moved back into place. Ruber sighed with relief and said, \"Remember how I said dragons are more of a nuisance than anything?\" \"Yes,\" Ingrid smiled, remembering their conversation in Dragon Country. \"Well, I take it back. That was the nastiest dragon I've ever come across and that was even after you poisoned it,\" Ruber said. \"Yeah, well,\" a voice said. Ingrid turned to see Cornwall and Devon nearby nursing a broken leg and some holes in their already broken wing. \"Remember how I said Ruber is a giant jerk?\" Cornwall asked Devon, who nodded. \"I take it back,\" Cornwall said. Ruber almost smiled before Cornwall said, \"He's a humongous jerk.\" Ingrid, Ruber, and both dragon heads laughed. Ruber set Ingrid down carefully on the ground. Ingrid healed the leg and wing of the two-headed dragon. \"Where is my sister? And Garrett? And Arthur and Merlin? And what happened to Morgan?\" Ingrid asked. \"Everyone is fine,\" Ruber replied, \"But Morgan escaped.\" \"Ingrid!\" a voice called. Kayley came running and threw her arms around her sister. Garrett was close behind, smiling proudly. They'd already been healed, probably by Merlin. \"Kayley,\" Ingrid said, \"The baby is safe?\" \"You know about the baby?\" Garrett asked, surprised. Kayley and Ingrid shared a glance and Ingrid nodded. Merlin and Arthur came into view. \"Merlin!\" Ingrid cried, \"Is it true, Morgan escaped?\" \"She'll be back one day or another,\" Merlin said, \"For now, we will focus on your training and rebuilding the damaged parts of Camelot.\" \"And we must also send the Tantalians back to their home in the desert,\" King Arthur added, pointing, \"Their mothers, daughters, and wives have all been returned to them after years of imprisonment.\" Ingrid looked. Chief Hinn had his arm around an ornately decorated queen. He noticed Ingrid and waved. Ingrid smiled and waved back. \"But my King, won't they be in danger if we send them back to the desert? What if Morgan is there?\" \"Morgan would not try the same plan again,\" Merlin said, \"I have no doubt that she will attack again, but she will use other methods.\" \"Why were only the women taken by the dragon?\" Ingrid asked. \"So many questions,\" Merlin said with a smile, \"Though I expected no less of you.\" Ingrid grinned sheepishly. \"It is an old and evil magic, not entirely under the control of the caster, which is why no wise sorcerer dare call upon it,\" Merlin explained, \"You see, it came from a time early in our history when women were hunted and killed for their magical gifts. Somehow, the leftover magic mixed with the sorrow of the victim's families and the malice of the murderers to form a terrible beast. \"Whether it took the form of a dragon at first, I don't know. The Ancient Ones managed to get the beast under control and there it remains until someone decides to harness it. But make no mistake, Ingrid, such a magic can never truly be controlled and some things are better left alone.\" Ingrid nodded. She gazed around the courtyard. Parts of the walls were damaged but the citizens of Camelot were talking and laughing happily. She caught sight of her husband, Ruber, in conversation with Chief Hinn's wife. His face looked brighter than it had in years. He smiled amiably as the Tantalian queen patted his cheeks between her hands, probably thanking him. \"I have one more question,\" Ingrid turned back to Merlin. \"I didn't have to use the spell that covers the scent of blood. Do I really have to learn it?\" Merlin laughed. \"You'll learn a lot of spells you might never use, my dear. Get used to it.\"[Chapter 30] Ruber settled into bed and sighed. \"I just want eight hours of peace and quiet,\" he said, \"If Camelot needs saving during that time, make Garrett do it; he's younger.\" Ingrid went to join him, laughing. Ruber wrapped his strong arms around his wife, who traced his scars absently with her fingertips. There was something calming about his hard, bare torso, riddled with scars. It reminded her of his strength and his past victories. \"So, Kayley and Garrett are going to have a child,\" Ruber said. \"Mhmm,\" Ingrid nodded. They sat in silence for a while, close together, just enjoying the presence of one another. Ruber kissed Ingrid's forehead. \"Do you want to have children, Ruber?\" Ingrid asked. \"Of course,\" Ruber said kissing her, \"I would love to.\" He rolled away from her, adjusting the covers over his chest. \"But not for the next eight hours.\" Ingrid laughed and settled in to sleep. She remembered the argument Kayley had with their mother a year ago. The one about finding Excalibur. The one that had started everything. She wondered what adventures Kayley's child might send them on and fell asleep with a faint smile on her face. ","Summary":" Ingrid sighed as she listened to her mother argue with her sister, Kayley, about some new adventure"},{"Movie":"Quest for Camelot","Title":"The Search for Excalibur","Author":"Flautist4ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10378689","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In an emerald green field, completely empty save for a curious circle of mammoth boulders around a single rock, a boy- hardly older than twelve- and an ancient man trod along. The boy glanced at his elder, anxiety emanating from every portion of his face. For a time, no words broke the silence. Finally, a young, timid voice dared to ask, \"Merlin, are you certain?\" The elderly man, whose eyes smiled though the rest of his face remained composed, answered, \"Never, so much as now, Arthur.\" The silence resumed. Not even birdsong penetrated the grey dawn as the pair entered the ring. As if rehearsed, the old man remained just barely within the stone borders. The boy continued, so dwarfed by his surroundings as to appear years younger than he already was. As if stricken by his insignificant size, the boy slowed as he neared the single boulder in the center. The boulder was nearly as tall as the boy himself. A magnificent sword stood within the stone. The sword's hilt spread like outstretched wings and just below the hilt, embossed into the blade, were three rings intertwined. The boy took a deep breath and ascended the steps. His outstretched hand brushed the sword's grip. At the top, the boy wrapped his hands around the sword's hilt. He closed his eyes and exhaled. Slowly, the sword slid from its resting place. The boy's eyes shot open as a radiant blast of magic swept from the sword and radiated across the land. The old man raised an arm to shield his eyes from the sheer brilliance of the flare. The boy's sides visibly heaved as the burst subsided. Slowly, he brought the blade down, leaning on it as if his legs would no longer hold him. The elderly man swiftly made his way to the boy's side. As the elder reached out to steady the trembling lad, the boy panted in a voice barely above a whisper, \"Merlin, is this Excalibur?\" The old man only nodded.[Chapter 2] \"And that was on my birthday, daddy?\" the young girl who had asked the question ran her fingers through the sand. Across from her, a man garbed in rich shades of blue nodded. \"Yes, Kayleigh*,\" the man replied, standing. He gazed in the direction of the ocean before continuing, \"and so, I became a knight. To protect Camelot, King Arthur, and Excalibur.\" The girl stared at her father, the admiration that only children seem to be able to possess written on her face. She glanced away as the awe gave way to a look of gloom as she asked, \"And that's why you have to go?\" The man turned and knelt beside the girl, running a hand through her hair. His hand nearly eclipsed her head, but the girl didn't seem to mind as she glanced back to her father. The man looked the child in the eye as he responded, \"The king has called the knights to Camelot to divide the lands. It surely won't take long, but it is imperative that everyone attend so that nothing goes wrong.\" The man lifted his child to her feet, setting her gently on the ground before continuing, \"I'll be back before you know it.\" The man then turned to a woman, also clad in hues of blue, and continued to address the child, \"Mind your mother while I'm away.\" The woman smiled and the young girl nodded with no small level of enthusiasm evident. A sound carried from the cliffs above. The trio on the small peninsula simultaneously turned to face the sound's source. A group of horsemen had assembled at the top of the cliff. The man quickly helped his wife onto her horse while the child leapt onto her pony. Finally, the man climbed into the saddle on his own horse and the three galloped up the path to the cliff. They slowed at the top, where the man brought his horse closer to that of the woman, giving her a quick kiss. \"Goodbye, my dear Juliana,\" he whispered before trotting forward, calling over his shoulder to his wife and daughter, \"I love you!\" Without warning, the child spurred her pony forward, shouting, \"I'm coming with you, daddy!\" At this, the man turned again in the saddle to address the girl, \"Not 'till you're old enough Kayleigh! I will take you to Camelot when you're older! I promise!\" He paused, then added, \"I love you!\" once more before turning his attention to the group of men waiting for him. He paused only long enough to say a curt \"let's go\" to the other knights and took off down the road. As the men disappeared into the distance, the woman took her daughter by the hand. The child did not seem to notice. She only murmured, half awe and half determination, \"One day, I'm going to be a knight, like daddy.\" * Author's note: I changed the spelling of the name, Kayley, to match the Anglicization of the word, Ceilidh, which is derived from older words meaning \"companion\" or \"visit\". I felt it would be a little more authentic that way, as Kayley is an extremely recent name and would not have been used in its current form as far back in time as Arthurian legend.[Chapter 3] As the group of knights approached the massive castle of Camelot, the drawbridge, which was large enough on its own to support an army, opened with a resounding thud. Nearly everyone in the city seemed to have assembled to greet the knights as they arrived, each dressed in his unique family colors. The man in blue seemed to search the crowd. A look of recognition flashed across his face and he dismounted, leading his horse towards the stables where a squire dressed in green was diligently practicing battle techniques. \"Garrett!\" the knight called, \"your technique's coming along well.\" At the sound of the blue knight's voice, the squire turned, staring with milky-white pupils in the direction of the speaker. The young boy smiled, \"Thank you, Sir Lionel!\" he responded. The man in blue, Sir Lionel, smiled as he took care of his horse and replied, \"Before long, only your youth will prevent you from sitting at the Round Table like your father and I.\" The squire straightened his posture and replied hesitantly, \"You do not jest?\" Sir Lionel nodded, though the squire wouldn't see it, and continued, \"Your progress surpasses that of some squires two years your senior.\" Garrett stared blankly ahead, \"You fail to mention the obvious. Surely you'll never be able to teach a blind boy to mount a warhorse and joust? Or to hunt with a bow and arrow?\" \"The boy speaks the truth,\" a voice from behind Sir Lionel interrupted. The speaker, a knight garbed in shades of crimson, continued, \"How would one train a blind squire to fight on horseback or hunt with a bow and arrow?\" \"Sir Ruber,\" Sir Lionel answered as the older knight cast a measuring glare at the squire, \"You underestimate the boy's ability to learn that which should be impossible for him.\" Sir Ruber's eyes narrowed to emerald slits before the older knight replied, \"We're to meet at the round table in an hour to divide the lands. I believe I shall leave you to ponder the further training of your squire.\" Sir Ruber turned on his heel and left, swiping a hand through a silver streak in the hair that had earned him his nickname a long time ago while the blind squire glared in the knight's general direction. In the silence that followed Sir Ruber's departure, the squire gripped his quarterstaff defensively. Finally, the squire relaxed, a disheartened look coming over him. Sir Lionel seemed to catch the squire's insecurity. \"When the king finishes dividing the lands, I will begin teaching you to use a bow and arrow.\" The knight in blue left to join the meeting at the Round Table. Author's Note Sorry for the lateness of this chapter. I can explain. Immediately upon getting out of school this summer, I attended the State Governor's School for the Arts, which- although it was possibly the most fun I've had in months- had me up from 6am to 11:30pm every day for four weeks. Upon returning from Governor's School, I had my wisdom teeth out and have been working on this chapter since regaining my ability to think after the anesthesia wore off. I am making a fast recovery and will be attending a film festival in about 3 weeks, so further chapters will also be delayed. Just hopefully not as much as this one.[Chapter 4] In the tower which housed the famed Round Table, two figures waited in silence. The first, a man barely into his twenties but who bore the countenance of a king in his prime, sat motionless even as his eyes surveyed the intricate decorations of the chamber with a carefully tempered pride. On the man's right-hand side, a fairly small woman whose eyes betrayed wisdom far beyond her deceptively few years glanced occasionally at her husband with an expression of affection riddled with concern. \"Guinevere,\" the man spoke finally, his voice calm but hushed, \"Speak your mind.\" The woman paused, pensively taking her bow and quiver from their place on the back of her chair and running a finger along the bowstring before answering, \"I worry that the new division of the land may offend some of your vassals, dear Arthur, as many of those whose territory you reallocated have long considered their estates to be their birthrights.\" Arthur frowned and slouched in his chair, a thoughtful expression replacing the measured pride that had previously occupied his features. After a lengthy pause, the king spoke again, \"As always, my fair Guinevere, I do not doubt you are correct.\" Arthur turned in his seat and took Excalibur from its sheath on the back of the chair. He examined the markings below the hilt before continuing, \"However, each was made aware of the division method when I took the throne ten years ago. If any should object, he may present his case to me.\" Guinevere replaced her bow and quiver to the back of her chair, \"If any should object, he shall present his case indeed. I only pray his oath of loyalty and civility will overcome his offense.\" Arthur replaced Excalibur to its sheath, \"It is time.\" With that, the king and queen rose from their seats and opened the massive doors which separated the chamber from the rest of the castle. One by one, the knights filed in, exchanging pleasantries with the king and queen. When the last knight had entered the chamber, King Arthur closed the door and started toward the Round Table, Guinevere at his side. \"United we stand, now and forever,\" every voice called in unison before each person sat at the same time. \"Let us begin,\" the king commanded as he unrolled a map large enough to cover the massive Round Table, \"Sirs Lancelot, Kay, and-\" \"Your highness,\" Sir Ruber's voice interrupted, \"I apologize for the outburst and any inconvenience, but I have yet to see the new borders of my territory.\" \"I had hoped such questions would remain unspoken until the new borders could be explained,\" King Arthur sighed, \"In order to make the land's resources equal, Sir Ruber, It was necessary to drastically reduce the size of yours, Sir Lionel's, and Sir Galahad's lands so the neighboring areas would have access to necessary food and water. Rest assured, your lands will still support you and your people with some surplus.\" Sir Ruber's eyes widened, \"Your highness, have we not served you loyally? I would have expected the true king to reward those who best serve him.\" King Arthur's eyes flashed, \"Did I not make each of you aware that when I divided the land, it would be so each could support his people and not according to those who most endeared themselves to me?\" A chorus of agreement filled the room before Arthur continued, \"With regards to your protest, Sir Ruber, my decision has not changed. I expect you'll abide by your king's decision.\" Sir Ruber's fists clenched as he reclined in his chair, \"Perhaps a man who would fail to reward his most loyal vassals ought not to be king…\" Before the king could respond, Sir Lionel sprang from his seat, \"Would you make yourself a traitor, Sir Ruber?\" \"It would not be treason were Arthur not king,\" Sir Ruber growled his retort, \"And I believe I would make a suitable replacement…\" At Sir Ruber's retort, Sir Lionel's hands gripped his shield as he leaned over the edge of the table. \"I will not serve a false king,\" the blue knight growled, now reaching instinctively for his sword. Sir Ruber frowned, \"Then serve...\" the red knight's hands clasped around his mace under the table. Ruber gave one last look of what might have been regret before he leapt onto the Round Table, \"A DEAD ONE!\" Before any other knights could move, Sir Lionel dashed across the table, tearing the map as he raised his shield to counter the red knight's charge. As if in slow motion, Ruber grabbed Sir Lionel's shield mid-charge and swung the mace into the blue knight's throat, tearing a wide gash as he tossed Sir Lionel backwards, droplets of blood staining the map. As the other knights drew their weapons and charged, the queen fitted her bow and took aim, letting an arrow fly as Ruber batted aside the other knights and charged toward Arthur. Ruber screamed and continued as Guinevere's arrow embedded itself into his left arm. Arthur, now wielding Excalibur, countered Ruber's mace strike and swung again. This time, a blast of magic from the sword caused the red knight to fly across the room. The red knight landed and rolled with the impact. He struggled to his feet and fled the chamber, shouting, \"One day, that sword will be in my hand, and every one of you will regret it!\" The remaining knights rushed to apprehend him, only to be stopped as he slammed and locked the doors to the great chamber. As the knights regrouped, Guinevere knelt beside a limp form on the Round table. \"He does not draw breath,\" the queen said quietly as Arthur and the others gathered to inspect the body, \"I feared some horror like this, dear husband…\" \"Lionel,\" Arthur murmured as the heavy air of realization seized the room. The king stood, becoming the personification of authority, and commanded, \"As of this moment, Ruber is no longer a knight of the Round Table but a murderer and a traitor. His lands are mine until such time as they can be divided among the rest of the knights. The departed Sir Lionel's remaining family shall rule his land. Nobody is to dispute regarding what I have just said.\" In the stables of Camelot, a blind squire in green tended the horses, occasionally speaking to the creatures to calm them as he attended to their care. From the direction of the castle, Ruber ran into the stables, still clutching his arm above the arrow, \"My horse, page,\" the traitor knight shouted, \"Now!\" \"Sir Ruber,\" The shocked boy responded as he brought out a large, black warhorse, \"What's happened? Who's bleeding?\" \"There's been an attack!\" Ruber shouted as he mounted his horse, \"Sir Lionel's dead. I'm going for help.\" \"What? Who attacked?\" The squire questioned as he handed Ruber the horse's reins, \"Shouldn't you be fighting to the last?\" Ruber rolled his eyes as he lifted his mace, \"Oh, by the way, boy…\" Ruber's warhorse reared as he spurred it into a charge, knocking the squire over before dealing a final blow with the mace, \"You're a traitor now!\" The traitor knight left Camelot as fast as his horse would carry him. For those of you wondering why I haven't updated in so long, I'll explain. 1. I have been debating a change in perspective. The change in question would add intensity to the story but completely defeat my original purpose in writing it. Additionally, I feel the sudden shift into third-person limited (focusing on Kayleigh) would be confusing. What do you think? I'm fine with throwing away my original intent for a better story, but only if the audience is fine with the changes. 2. I am debating the execution of a plot twist. It will not be relevant for several chapters at least, but I would like to know what I'm doing with it and write it with an attempt at subtlety when I finally get around to it. I will not spoil it here, but if you would like to help me out with it, send me a private message and I will let you in on it. 3. I have been doing loads of research on medieval culture and Arthurian legend. I do not wish the setting to be irrelevant to the story, so I have been researching cultural values, feudalism, chivalry, heraldry, and technology that would appear in the time period, which I believe to be the 6th century (Although the legends we know are 15th-century rewrites of the 6th-century folktales. As such, ideas such as chivalry and heraldry wouldn't really exist yet, but I am using them anyway because they exist in the legends we know now.) 4. A lot of great things have been happening. Unfortunately, they are the kind of great things which require a great deal of time. I have had little free time in which to continue writing. I have made a habit of carrying my trusty sketchbook around to sketch ideas as they come, so when I finally have free time, it should only be a matter of putting the story in Microsoft Word, proofreading, and uploading. Thank you for bearing with me. Yours truly, Flautist4ever[Chapter 5] Winter had set in early, painting the lands in a sparkling, flawless blanket of whiteness. It was in the house of the blue knight that a regal woman sat beside a roaring fire as she attempted to gain the interest of a fidgety young girl. \"Kayleigh,\" The woman reprimanded, \"It is unbecoming of a noblewoman to impale snowmen on horseback.\" The girl fidgeted, grabbing fistfuls of the hair she had obviously inherited from her mother, \"But how am I to practice to be a knight if I'm confined to the house to do nothing save for sewing and reading?\" The woman rolled her eyes and pulled the child's hands from her fine hair, \"There is more to being a knight than jousting and roaming everyplace. Your father wishes you to be both a lady and a knight when you come of age,\" the woman paused, \"Now read aloud the principals of knighthood he left for you before he went to Camelot.\" Kayleigh slouched and replied, a surly note in her voice, \" Again mother? I know what it says!\" The woman interrupted, \"Kayleigh! If you had paid any attention, you would know that neither a knight nor a lady is to ever address a person in such an impudent manner! Now correct your posture and pay attention!\" Kayleigh sat straighter and answered dejectedly, \"Yes, mother.\" \"You need not act as if this is a punishment,\" the woman soothed in a motherly voice as she lifted a book from beside her chair and handed it to the young girl in front of her, \"Your father's squire in Camelot had to commit everything your father wrote in this book to memory when he began his training, and that was at the same time he was learning to fight and conduct himself in a becoming manner.\" \"Are not only the sons of knights eligible to train?\" the girl asked skeptically, \"Surely the boy would have already learned to conduct himself as you say.\" A distant look crossed the woman's face before she looked sternly at the girl and answered coolly, \"Yes, but are you the son of a knight?\" The girl immediately became annoyed, \"You are aware of my meaning, mother.\" The woman chuckled, a note of dark humor in her voice, then straightened up, \"That is irrelevant to the matter at hand, now. Open the book your father left, and read the next less-\" The sound of horns and horses in the distance interrupted the woman, who looked to the window. Kayleigh dashed to the window and immediately stepped back, lightly bouncing as she called to her mother, \"It's the knights! Father's here!\" The woman rose from her chair and threw a thick cape about her shoulders, \"Kayleigh, do not rush out there without a cloak. Heaven forbid you fall ill, I know not what your father and I would do.\" \"Yes, mother,\" the girl answered, hastily mimicking her mother's actions and putting a cloak over her own shoulders, \"Hurry! I want to meet father before he reaches the stable!\" The woman strode over to her daughter and opened the front door, following at a walk and scanning the approaching procession. Her eyes widened as if some terrible realization had made itself known. \"Kayleigh,\" the woman called, a note of urgency not veiled in her voice, \"Stay here with me!\" The girl, however, gave no indication of hearing her mother's call and continued toward the ranks of mounted knights. As the procession began to pass the little girl, made even smaller among the tall warhorses and their riders, a few knights glanced at the child, a note of unspoken sorrow in their eyes. The child did not seem to notice the solemn air of the procession until a cart, drawn by oxen, came within a few feet of the child. The body of Sir Lionel lay, pale and motionless in the position of death's final rest, upon the flat bed of the cart. Kayleigh stumbled backwards, \"No. No, it cannot be.\" Tears streamed down the girl's face and the child seemed to give no notice as two more ranks of mounted knights passed her. A second cart, in which sat a man and a woman wearing royal colors, stopped briefly. The man gently lifted the child from the snow and placed her next to the woman on the cart. \"I am Arthur,\" the man introduced himself with a voice of resignation, \"and this is Queen Guinevere.\" Guinevere continued, soothing the child, \"We have come to offer our condolences to you and your mother, Lady Juliana. Your father died a hero's death.\" The girl sniffed and replied, her voice cracking, \"I apologize, your highnesses-\" Guinevere interrupted, \"It is we who apologize that we come under such terrible circumstances, young maiden. Sir Lionel was a brilliant knight. Nothing we can do can console his loss.\" Kayleigh began to cry again, and the queen continued to soothe the child until the cart reached the house where Lady Juliana waited. King Arthur took up a shield, scratched from its final battle, and stepped down from his seat on the wagon. The king stepped ahead of the procession, his eyes averted as if carrying a burden of shame for which he had never thought to prepare, toward Lady Juliana, who now stood motionless though a tempest of emotions stormed across her features. Finally, the king stopped, holding the shield towards the tall lady in front of him, \"Lady Juliana, your husband died saving my life.\" Lady Juliana gasped audibly, her eyes betraying the sorrow of a new widow. Wordlessly, she took the shield from king Arthur, running a finger along the scratch where it had been pulled from her husband's grasp for the last time. Finally, the woman raised her head to meet the king's eyes. \"He knew well he might one day give his life in service,\" the widow answered, her voice strained as her sadness fought to surface, \"As did we. Thank you, your highness, for offering your presence in this time,\" The woman regained control of her voice and spoke commandingly, \"I bid you and your companions come in…\" The lady took her daughter, who had since left the queen and joined her mother at the doorway, by the hand and entered the house without another word. A few days later, when everything could be arranged, the funeral occurred. At Juliana's behest, Kayleigh did not attend. Instead, the child sat in her room, clutching the book her father had left for her. Tears streamed freely down the child's face. As time wore on, the child wiped her face and opened the book, following the words with her small index finger as she struggled to read aloud, \"…T-the strength of a knight…\" Suddenly, Kayleigh slammed the book shut, \"I can't be a knight anymore, father!\" The child cast a glance at the funeral from her window and sank to her knees, crying into her sleeve as she wailed in between sobs, \"You can't train me now! Nobody else will!\" The child sank to the floor and cried a few more minutes before whispering, \"I'm not even strong enough to say goodbye, father… How can I ever be strong enough to be a knight?\" The child started as the sound of the funeral-goers' return carried into her room. She quickly threw herself onto her bed, tossing the book aside with a grunt of contempt. The book hit the floor, sending a carefully folded piece of parchment flying from it. Kayleigh sat up, wiping her tears away as a look of curiosity took over her features. She jumped from her bed and picked up the piece of parchment, which was oddly fresh compared to the book from whence it came. The child sat on the floor and squinted at the writing on the paper. A look of recognition flashed across her young features. The distinctive handwriting was Sir Lionel's. \"My beloved daughter,\" the child read quietly, opening further the folds of paper, \"If you are reading this, then it is likely you have been diligent in your studies as I asked and have stumbled upon this letter as you approach your next lesson. I am glad of this. I look forward to good words from your mother when I return from Camelot. Continue to mind her in my absence. If I should be kept longer than expected, do not make yourself a burden to your mother whilst you train yourself, as I do not doubt you will; you are as stubborn now as I was at your age. Continue to study your etiquette and social graces as you grow. They will take you farther than you probably believe at the moment. Do not discount your mother's teachings in these matters. Finally, should I not return for whatever reason, know that the book I have left contains all the instruction I meant to give you. You are intelligent enough to teach yourself in time. I have confidence that you will do great things when the need arises. Never disgrace yourself by allowing a threat to Camelot, King Arthur, or your honor to go unchallenged. Your loving father, Sir Lionel\" Kayleigh stared at the letter, a shocked expression across her face. There was a knock at the door. He child quickly stuffed the letter under her pillow and placed the book on the shelf next to her bed before answering, \"You may enter!\" As if in reply to the child's words, Lady Juliana opened the door, \"Kayleigh, come downstairs. The king and queen request both of our presence before they return to Camelot.\" \"Yes mother,\" Kayleigh replied, wiping her face again as she crossed the room to meet her mother at the door. Downstairs, the king and queen stood waiting for the widow and child. Lady Juliana and Kayleigh met them in the main hall. \"Please be seated,\" Arthur said as he and Queen Guinevere sat at the table which had yet to be set for the evening meal, \"There is one more matter to which we must attend.\" Juliana sat next to Kayleigh with a serious look on her face, \"Yes, my king?\" \"Lady Juliana, Maiden Kayleigh,\" King Arthur addressed the pair, \"It is important that you should know that the traitor knight Ruber has not yet been captured. We will not rest until he is brought to trial in Camelot and executed for his crimes.\" Kayleigh gasped and Lady Juliana only nodded. There was a brief silence before Juliana spoke, \"And what of my husband's squire? Is it not fitting he should dwell with us?\" \"Your husband's squire disappeared not long after he learned the truth of Ruber's betrayal,\" the kind replied. The king looked slowly up, his voice heavy as he continued, \"We tracked his steps as far as the Forbidden Forest.\" Lady Juliana gasped, \"You mean he-\" The noblewoman caught herself midsentence and regained her composure, \"My apologies for the outburst, your highnesses. There is no manner in which he could survive?\" The king nodded, \"There is not, to my knowledge, any record of anyone returning from the Forbidden Forest. It is likely the boy has already met his fate at the hands of whatever manner of creature may inhabit that place.\" Arthur paused briefly before continuing, \"It is for this reason that I speak of the next matter. It is to my understanding that Lionel sought to ensure young Kayleigh's education as a knight. Unorthodox though this offer may be, if you wish, Lady Juliana, your daughter will be allowed to travel to Camelot and train as a knight in the absence of Lionel's squire.\" Juliana's eyes widened, \"I do not wish for that at this time, your highness. It is best for my daughter to remain here for the time being.\" Arthur nodded, \"I had thought as much. Regardless of young Kayleigh's training, Lady Juliana, the gates of Camelot will always be open to you.\" \"Thank you, your highness,\" Lady Juliana replied, \"Have you everything you need for your journey back to Camelot?\" \"We have more than sufficient,\" Queen Guinevere answered, \"Thank you for your hospitality during this time.\" A few hours later, the king and queen departed for Camelot, leaving what remained of Sir Lionel's family to manage the vast estate. Dear Reader, Regarding this story, I have not abandoned it and am working on the coming chapters. Certain plot elements necessitated the addition of an OC, and I apologize because I tried desperately to avoid using one. My original idea for the OC's relationship with Kayleigh- I found after writing it- made the story stiff and boring, so the next chapter is further delayed while I work out a suitable manner with which to treat this section of the plot. It is my goal to improve the story with each chapter and not to let it become dull for you, dear reader, so I hope you will forgive my lack of scheduling and novice writing approach. I hope to have this next chapter up soon. Yours truly, Flautist4ever[Chapter 6] The sun shone down on a gorgeous late summer day. Waves caught the sunlight as they crashed against the shore, sending brilliant diamond droplets spraying back into the sea. A fair distance from the shore, a young woman swam, clearing wave after wave in succession with powerful strokes of her muscular arms. With a grunt, the lady pulled herself toward a great boulder a small distance from the shore. As she climbed atop the rock, her tunic clung to her slender figure, outlining unusually solid musculature. She sat atop the rock for a moment before standing, her hands wringing out her long brown hair, then with a quick leap, bounded up the shore. The woman stopped next to a cream-colored mare, reaching into a saddlebag to pull out a dry cloth before leading the horse to a cleft beneath a rocky overhang. She tied the horse's reins to a small spire before removing her tunic to dry herself. Once dry, she reached for a rolled bundle tied beneath the saddle. She unrolled it, smoothing out an ornate midnight blue dress with fine silver detailing. Quickly, she put on the dress before placing a lacy circlet of silver with matching blue gemstones atop her head, entwining the delicate silver chain and clasp with her hair. A distant sound of a rider seemed to catch the woman off her guard. She untied her horse's leads and leapt into the saddle, scanning the path atop a cliff in the distance. A lone man on horseback made his way along the path. The woman cursed under her breath and spurred her horse into a hasty canter, her still-wet hair streaming behind her. As she neared the other rider, a tall man garbed in purple with blond hair that caught the sunlight, a look of shocked recognition crossed her features. She urged her horse faster. The other rider turned, then stopped, \"Kayleigh?\" Kayleigh slowed her horse as she drew near to the man, \"Finton? What brings you here?\" Finton laughed, closing his blue eyes as he did so, \"An invitation from the noble Lady Juliana and a mission from my dear father,\" The man straightened up and averted his eyes as he scratched the back of his head with one hand, \"I am to attempt to court and wed the young Lady Kayleigh…\" A shade of pink crossed Kayleigh's face as she ran a nervous finger through a lock of her hair, \"I thought you had married after I refused you five years ago.\" Finton shook his head, \"My father determined that only the daughter of his good friend Sir Lionel would suffice to bear his grandchildren. He saw to it that I remained occupied at all times with my training.\" \"Has he remained adamant that I renounce my father's name and crest,\" Kayleigh asked, \"And that not one son may carry on my father's name?\" Finton nodded, \"May I assume your answer remains unchanged as my father's mind?\" Kayleigh looked down, a note of despair in her voice, \"I may have no choice but to accept your father's terms, dear Finton…\" Finton looked around, then placed a hand on Kayleigh's arm, \"We may convince him to agree to some of your terms in time, my friend.\" Kayleigh looked up, her face somewhat surprised at the unsolicited touch, \"You are certain?\" Finton nodded, a comforting expression on his face belying the determination blazing in his eyes, \"That you are a competent woman will not escape his notice as a wedding draws near. Eventually he will see your cause is reasonable.\" Kayleigh straightened up and Finton removed his hand from her arm, \"It would please me to have your words guaranteed.\" Finton started his horse forward, \"Let us abandon the matter for now. Shall we race to your front gate?\" Kayleigh spurred her horse to a trot, \"Are you certain you wish to lose to the very maiden you court?\" Finton laughed, matching Kayleigh's pace, \"Nonsense, it is only fitting I prove myself worthy of your hand.\" Kayleigh's eyes gleamed mischievously. With a quick, light kick to her horse's side, she galloped down the path, calling over her shoulder, \"I shall wait for you at the gate!\" Finton laughed and spurred his horse forward with a click of his tongue and gave chase. The two raced. Kayleigh held the lead, but Finton's well-bred warhorse quickly caught up. Kayleigh flattened herself against her horse and urged it faster, widening the gap slightly. As the gate drew closer, Finton crouched atop his saddle. Kayleigh glanced at him, a shocked expression on her face. Finally, Finton launched himself into the air. He twisted, righting himself before landing catlike on a fencepost. Kayleigh skidded to a stop as Finton touched a foot onto the gate. \"It appears I am the victor, my lady,\" The man said with a smirk. Kayleigh swung a leg over and dismounted, \"I thought you had gone mad!\" \"You need not be so concerned,\" Finton chuckled as he jumped from the post, taking his horse by the reins, \"It was merely a small piece of trick riding.\" Kayleigh opened the gate, walking with Finton to the stables, \"You are every bit the daft boy I bested and befriended as a maiden of fifteen.\" Finton laughed again, \"And you are every bit the spirited maiden of fifteen who bested me when nobody could see and then befriended me so I would conceal her secret.\" Kayleigh chuckled, \"It appears you have repaid me for that defeat.\" She removed the saddle from her horse and checked the mare for injury. As she led the horse to its stall, she continued, \"I suppose we had better make haste; Mother is likely expecting you.\" As Finton tied his horse in the vacant stall kept for guests, he replied, \"I was expected to arrive tomorrow, but the path was far clearer than I had predicted.\" Kayleigh turned to help Finton with his saddlebags, but he had already slung them over his shoulder as he continued, a distant look in his eye, \"It has been unusually peaceful of late…\" \"I suppose that is a testament to the knights' abilities and the fairness of our good king Arthur,\" Kayleigh replied as she led Finton along the path to her house. Finton shook his head as if to clear it, \"Perhaps you are correct. Regardless, it still gives me cause to be wary…\" Kayleigh stopped, a look of intense anger and terror mingling in her sharp brown eyes as she met the blond man's eyes, \"Do you suspect that the scoundrel Ruber may be planning something?\" Finton's crystal blue eyes narrowed and blazed as he took Kayleigh's hand, his voice low and unusually serious, \"That traitor has managed to avoid capture since his stunt ten years ago. I promise you now, Kayleigh, that if he dares to make a return, I shall see him slain for his crimes or else perish in battle.\" Author's Note(s): I apologize for the use of an OC; I worked this chapter a billion different ways trying to avoid it, but as you can tell, it had to happen. Other than that, I hope you enjoy this chapter.[Chapter 7] Over the next few days, Kayleigh and Finton rarely strayed from each other's side. Kayleigh's mother made no attempt to appear a neutral party; Kayleigh could not believe that her mother failed to chastise Kayleigh for discussing battle strategies over dinner. In fact, the young maiden found that Juliana seemed to be working as intently as Finton for Kayleigh's acceptance of his proposal, allowing the couple an almost brazen lack of supervision whenever she was not incessantly chattering about the couple's future. In spite of her mother's awkward and needless mediations, Kayleigh found that she might even be inclined to wed the knight-to-be. On one particular day, the young maiden rose early. It was on this morning that Kayleigh donned an oversized blue tunic and pants- formerly her father's- and shrouded herself with a dark blue cloak before silently leaving the house. She made her way to the barn in the dim pre-dawn twilight. Wordlessly, she opened her horse's stall, placed and cinched the saddle, and led the creature onto the path. The maiden pulled herself into the saddle. With a quick pat to the cream mare's side, Kayleigh rode at a brisk trot away from the house. It seemed only a few minutes had passed before the Kayleigh arrived at her destination. She dismounted and secured her horse to a fencepost. Her mind a flurry, she strode among the waist-high stones toward one that was larger than the rest. She glanced down at the dewy grass beneath her feet, wondering what she would say if anyone followed her here. Finally, she stopped a few yards short of the largest headstone. Kayleigh's breath caught in her throat and she had to pause before speaking, \"I'm sorry. I wanted to preserve your name, father. I-I just have no choice, now. Had I a brother to carry on your name…\" Kayleigh swiped her hand across her eyes and regained her composure, \"I think, father, that you would approve the proposal I must accept today. At least, I hope that you would. Finton thinks as I remember you did; yet, he must follow his father's bidding…\" Kayleigh stood, clearing her throat, \"Even if our name cannot continue, I will fly on my father's wings, as you made me believe I could. I will keep our line in knighthood.\" With that, the maiden turned, feeling stronger than she had in ages. She stopped short, feeling the color draining from her face. There was another horse next to hers- and she knew well to whom it belonged. She looked around wildly, embarrassment rising despite her best efforts to remain calm. \"You need not be alarmed,\" a voice from the horses' direction called. Kayleigh whirled around. By the fencepost was a tall man with distinctively blond hair. Kayleigh watched as he strode towards her, a serious light in his crystal-blue eyes, \"I heard you sneaking out and deigned to follow at a distance.\" Kayleigh felt annoyance bubbling from her core, \"I never once heard you-\" \"Of course you failed to hear me,\" Finton replied, \"you were listening to your thoughts as opposed to your surroundings. For now, that is beside the point.\" \"And what point would that be?\" Kayleigh inquired. Finton's eyes softened, and immediately Kayleigh regretted her harsh tone. He took a deep breath and answered, \"I know that, did tradition not demand it, you would not accept my father's terms, nor will I pretend that I would do anything different were our roles reversed.\" Kayleigh stared. She had no idea what could be said. Finton continued, \"I may still find a method of compromising my father's terms; you have no brother to continue your family name, yet I have five that will suffice my own family name and crest.\" Kayleigh stared blankly at the man in front of her. She knew she ought to be thankful; no other man would have offered to go so far to help her. She bit back whatever she was feeling and replied, \"Thank you,\" She paused, debating her next words. In her interim of speech, Finton spoke, \"Perhaps we ought to return. Your mother may be concerned to find neither daughter nor guest present.\" \"Of course,\" Kayleigh murmured, glancing at the sunrise, \"She may already be aware of our absence.\" The two walked to their horses. Absent-mindedly, Kayleigh reached up to pull herself into her saddle. On a strange whim, she glanced to the side. Finton was holding out his hand. \"Is it not proper to help a fair maiden onto her horse?\" The man's blue eyes were sincere, yet Kayleigh felt less than flattered. She reached out her hand and allowed him his propriety. The two began their ride along the road to the house. For an uncomfortable length, neither said anything. Finally, the blond man garbed in purple broke the silence, \"How long have you managed to keep your persistent self-training a secret from your mother?\" Kayleigh paused, \"On many occasions, I have entertained the possibility that it is no secret to her, but as for my self-training, I have maintained it for ten years.\" Finton gave a pensive grunt, then replied, \"Would it please you to demonstrate?\" Kayleigh stared at him, shocked, \"You would seek a demonstration from a woman?\" \"You gave no indication that you would prefer otherwise five years ago,\" Finton pointed out with a note of humor in his voice, \"And a woman peculiar enough to train herself is a thing of interest to me.\" Kayleigh straightened up, \"Very well, then, I suppose you'll have no reservations if I show you.\" With that, she spurred her horse into a gallop, bypassing the fence of her house. Finton pulled alongside her. \"Have you gone mad?\" He panted, \"I never meant to imply a demonstration now !\" Kayleigh laughed, \"Are we not already on horseback? I usually am absent from breakfast, so mother will be unconcerned as long as we return before noon.\" Kayleigh jumped an upcoming stretch of fence, looking back to make sure her betrothed had managed the same. It was not long before they reached her secret training ground, a barren stretch of land with sparse grass that few people ever bothered to visit. There, the pair squared off several times to spar, then demonstrated their abilities on horseback. Kayleigh thought she had even impressed her guest with her jousting ability. They had scarcely been there an hour when the distant sound of a horn caught their attention. Kayleigh knew from one of her father's lessons that it was an emergency signal. Beside her, Finton gasped. \"What is it?\" Kayleigh asked. Finton turned to face her, his face pale with fear, \"Excalibur- it's been stolen!\" Author's note: It is great to be back! I haven't got much to say about this chapter. I hope to be able to release on a weekly basis, but I'm only set up for two more weeks. If you want my full explanation, it's here: u/5753868/Flautist4ever . I just wanted to thank you guys for sticking with me and my erratic schedule and to tell you that a new chapter will be up next Friday. Yours truly, Flautist4ever[Chapter 8] \"No!\" Kayleigh's mother shrieked, \"Absolutely not!\" \"Mother, Excalibur is missing,\" Kayleigh persisted, casting a glance at Finton for support, \"And every person available must look for it!\" Lady Juliana's face was an unfamiliar mask of fury to her daughter, \"The knights will find the sword, and they'll do it without an overreaching damsel who clomps around in her father's clothing pretending to be one of them!\" Juliana's expression changed from fury to one of desperation, \" Please Kayleigh! Stay here and plan your wedding. Let your dress be fitted. Please- \" Kayleigh could not take anymore, \"Camelot is in a state of emergency and you would concern yourself with a wedding ?! Father would be-\" \"Your father isn't here to help, Kayleigh!\" Juliana shot back, \"We can do nothing more than keep our lands under control as usual! And part of that is minding our responsibilities as noblewomen!\" \"Which is precisely why you failed to provide another knight to the king's service when you had a chance,\" Kayleigh could not believe what she was saying, but was powerless to stop, \"Or have you forgotten the King's offer from ten years ago?\" \"And what if I lost you,\" Juliana answered, her voice low and trembling with rage, \"Just as we lost your father? Have you once considered that? Has it once occurred to you that your father's bloodline cannot continue if I let you get yourself killed like he did?\" Hot tears forced themselves into Kayleigh's eyes, \"I should think, mother, that you of all people would know to put honor before bloodlines!\" Kayleigh turned and stormed past Finton and out of the house. Finton put a comforting hand on his future mother-in-law's shoulder, \"I wish my visit could have ended with so much less grief than it has, kind Juliana, or that I could stay to see this resolved. I must bid you farewell for now.\" Juliana stopped him, \"Ten years I have raised that child in the absence of her father. Ten years of bittersweet peace and prosperity,\" Her voice cracked, \"Why, then, on the very anniversary of the day her father was taken from us does she wish to follow him to his violent grave?\" Finton said nothing for a while, then answered, \"Perhaps, as she is your last remnant of your husband, that dream is her last remnant of her father. Yet, she will never know of your anguish unless you tell her of it. I cannot remain here any longer; it will not aid in the search for Excalibur. I shall return as soon as the sword is once more at Arthur's side.\" Finton left, leaving Juliana alone with her thoughts.[Chapter 9] Juliana helped the servants prepare the table for dinner; as the landlord in her husband's absence, it would be her responsibility to inform those she oversaw of the present situation. She glanced toward the window. It was well past sundown. The matriarch found herself quite worried; her daughter was usually home within a few minutes of sunset. She stifled a sigh. She was not surprised after what she said to the girl. A movement from the corner of her eye jerked her out of her thoughts. She stared into the darkness outside the window, but could see nothing. She looked for only a moment longer, and then turned around to gaze at her immaculately kept house. As if someone had been waiting for precisely that moment, a flaming arrow broke through the window and embedded itself into the table where Juliana's hand had been only a second before. She turned around in time to watch the door fly from its hinges as a barbaric figure strode through the frame. \"Oh, Juliana,\" the unknown figure sang as he strode up to the table and slumped into a chair, \"I have a matter of urgent business for you.\" Juliana stumbled forward, trying to draw herself to full height, \"W-Who are you? You have no business here!\" The man pulled off his helmet and smoothed his grey and red hair, \"Of course I have business here, Juliana.\" He got up and took Juliana's hand to kiss it, \"I am here to visit a beautiful widow. Or are you still in mourning?\" Juliana slapped him. Hard. \"Impertinent pig!\" The man stepped back, the look of badly-feigned hurt on his face barely masking the shock seeping through, \"And after I took great pains to arrange this visit,\" his mocking tone enraged Juliana even more. Juliana snarled, \"I demand you leave immediately, Ruber !\" A look of self-satisfaction crossed Ruber's features, \"Ah, but I have some plans. And you, pretty Juliana, are going to aid in their execution.\" \"I would sooner die ,\" Juliana spat as Ruber examined the tapestry with a glazed look in his green eyes. Ruber casually tilted his head, \"Such a lovely family you had, Juliana.\" He drew his sword, examining it, \"It is a pity about your husband,\" he slashed his sword through the image of Lionel and cut around Kayleigh's visage, \"But I think you shall find my offer too good to refuse.\" He slowly drew his sword across tapestry-Kayleigh's throat. As the thick fabric fell to the floor, Juliana saw three sets of feet. Juliana gasped as Ruber stepped aside; struggling between two young men, each of whom heavily favored Ruber's appearance, was Kayleigh. Juliana felt dizzy. Kayleigh was covered in bruises and cuts- as were her captors. Ruber walked over to the trio, patting one of the men on the head, \"What do you think of my sons, Juliana? They inherited their father's brawn. Unfortunately, they are somewhat lacking in their father's brains. Nevertheless, they more than sufficed to overpower your daughter. It is such a pity watching a poorly-trained daughter overtaken like her inept father.\" Juliana watched as her daughter continued to fight her captors' grasps in vain, \"Mother! Do not give him anything! If we die, Camelot and all father fought for wi-\" Kayleigh was cut off by a sharp kick in the stomach from the muscular boy on her left. Juliana winced as her daughter coughed and gasped from the shock. Ruber leaned close to Juliana, his foul breath making the woman curl her lip, \"You cannot simply allow your daughter to be killed in front of you, Juliana. Only grant me what I wish, and she may only find herself in poverty as opposed to a grave.\" Juliana only breathed her response, \"Fine.\" \"No!\" Kayleigh screeched as she threw her weight backwards, grabbing one of her guards' swords and charging at Ruber. The traitor glanced out of the corner of one eye and caught Kayleigh's wrist, throwing her to the side as if she were no more than a troublesome rat. Kayleigh skidded across the table and landed with a crash on two chairs, which scraped as they slid backwards, unceremoniously dumping the maiden on the floor with a thud. Juliana gasped. \"Keep her enclosed until we need her,\" Ruber commanded his sons as they lifted the girl from her place on the ground. Juliana could see Kayleigh's eyes were barely open and her hair stuck out at odd angles. The older woman was unsure whether the shaking she saw was sheer exhaustion and injury or if her daughter was still trying to fight. Ruber stepped into her view as the trio reached the stairs, \"Do not be afraid. She shall probably recover- assuming she is somehow more durable than her father.\" Juliana said nothing and Ruber continued, pulling a vial of glowing green liquid from his pocket, \"You see, after I was exiled, I wandered the outskirts of Camelot's border. A life in exile, as you might imagine, is a lonely existence, but I had my brood and their mothers. And just as I was ready to forget my ambition to rule Camelot, I happened upon a clan of witches. They, too, were in exile and deigned to aid me on reasonable terms: Arthur will be slain and they shall return to their former place.\" Juliana averted her eyes as a wave of shame threatened to stop her heart. She did not react as Ruber lifted her chin to regain eye contact, his already green eyes glowing evilly in the sickly light from the vial, as he continued, \"Which brings to light your importance, Juliana. All I require is that you sit in the wagon at the front of our army. When we reach Camelot, you will show your face to the guards, and when Arthur falls, you and your daughter will remain alive.\" \"Then what need have you of that vial?\" Juliana murmured, looking back at the torn remnants of the family tapestry behind her. The wall looked stark where the torn sections once proudly hung. Ruber laughed, \"A unique and rare potion. A solitary drop is enough to turn your well into the life-spring of my new army. You, however, will be spared the sight of its horrors; the transformation it incurs is far too gruesome for an unfortunate widow such as yourself to bear. Rest assured that my sons may well be invincible after tonight.\" Juliana avoided his cruel gaze as another wave of hate tore through her body. \"Father,\" a voice called from the stairs, causing Ruber and Juliana to look toward the man who was speaking, \"We are assembled save for one guarding the maiden. It is a mystery how she continues her resistance.\" The young man ran a hand through his flame-colored hair as he awaited his father's orders. Juliana found herself turning as cold and hard as if her heart were deadly ice instead of flesh. She only wished it could have happened sooner. Ruber paused, glancing around the warmly lit room, and then shoved Juliana into the man's arms, \"Lock her in the room with the girl. Once the first have been transformed, you and your brother will be relieved to make the transformation yourselves. You need not worry about the widow, but it would be an inconvenience if the girl were to escape; it would be regrettable to kill our valuable pawn, would it not?\" The man tightened his grip on Juliana's shoulders, causing the blue-clad woman to gasp in pain as he began to lead her up the stairs, \"Yes, father.\" Author's Notes: So this week, I've uploaded two chapters since chapter 8 is a bit short. I may have to raise the rating on this next week. Kayleigh's escape in the movie just wouldn't work, but the one I originally had wasn't exactly better... I won't spoil it for you here, but if you'd like to see it early in exchange for some critique, let me know in a Private Message. Thank you for reading. You guys are awesome![Chapter 10] Contains some violence/blood. I may raise the story's rating later. Kayleigh sat across the room from her guard, glaring in a futile attempt to gain some opening for her freedom. Although her injuries ached and throbbed, she barely felt the pain; her loathing occupied most of her attention. Her guard seemed disinterested since she had given up her futile direct attacks, which had apparently been amusing since her hands were tied behind her back as soon as her guards found a suitable rag with which to secure her hands. Their feud seemed to be a waiting game now. Occasionally, the man would chuckle at her as if he found her state humorous. The way his smile twisted across his angular face made Kayleigh sick. The sound of footsteps brought Kayleigh from her thoughts. She glanced toward the door as it opened, and gaped in shock as her mother was escorted into the room by the younger guard. Kayleigh got up and stumbled toward her mother as the guards shoved the older woman over to the bed, gesturing for her to sit. Kayleigh sat beside her mother, \"Are you unharmed?\" Juliana looked defeated, older. Her hair seemed silver in the dim light spilling through the window, which also seemed to highlight the handful of creases in the widow's features. Juliana covered her face with her hands, \"What have I done, Kayleigh?\" The widow sobbed, \"I've doomed Camelot…\" Kayleigh stifled the words she wanted to say. \"The knights will find Excalibur in time for Arthur to fight this threat,\" she offered lamely instead. Under her pillow was a dagger that Finton had given her in secret only a few days prior. Kayleigh pondered how to tell her mother without alerting the guards. Suddenly, ghastly screams filled the air. Kayleigh glanced at her mother, who looked as though she might vomit. The older of the two red-clad guards by the door erupted in laughter, doubling over as he bellowed his twisted sense of humor. Kayleigh stared at him as he finished his outburst and looked up, his face- whether by moonlight or Kayleigh's hatred- seemed to look snakelike as he looked again at the women in his charge, and then back to his brother, who looked confused. \"Father was right in keeping the women away from the transformations,\" The guard to the right joked, elbowing his brother in the ribs. He laughed again as if the bloodcurdling din were a sweet melody to his ears. \"I would have preferred the witches' demonstration on anything other than our last rooster,\" The other moaned grimly as he moved a hand to his stomach with a look of longing on his face, \"At least then we would have been able to eat it.\" Kayleigh decided she hated the younger brother slightly less, not that that really meant anything; she was going to be free again, and she knew that once she was unrestrained, she would be ruthless as the northern winter storms as she wiped the stupid expressions from her captors' faces. Kayleigh did not have much time to ponder the brothers' meaning. Before a minute had passed, there was a harsh, unnatural clanking of what must have been footsteps ascending the stairs. The door opened and she only got a glance of what looked like a metal man before the guards left the room. She quickly got up and sat on her mother's other side, straining for the dagger behind her pillow. She grabbed it just in time for the older brother to reenter the room, his red hair and clothing overpowering even in the cool moonlight. She pressed the blade against her tight bindings, fighting not to reveal the satisfaction she felt as the cloth gave way like butter to the finely crafted knife. She glared at the guard as he spoke, a saccharine note of false affection in his voice. \"It appears I shall have to guard you two ladies a little longer. It must be that I'm the oldest,\" the guard laughed, not noticing the sound of Kayleigh cutting her bonds. He looked at Kayleigh for longer than she was comfortable with, and she averted her eyes, pretending her hands were still tied. His eyes felt as if they were burning through her skin and she felt as though she were naked in front of him. He strode across the moonlit room to the young woman, throwing a challenging glance at Juliana before he ran a finger along Kayleigh's jawline, \"Perhaps when this is over,\" he purred as a malicious grin twisted across his features, \"you shall find yourself consort to the crown prince, if my father would allow it.\" The guard leaned his face in, but his eyes flicked over Kayleigh's shoulder, \"Wha?\" This was his mistake, Kayleigh realized. Kayleigh plunged the dagger into the guard's throat before she could think of any other way. She stood staring horrified as the man stumbled backwards, gurgling unintelligibly. Kayleigh watched as he fell against the wall and then slumped to the floor, his blood trickling from his wound and from a corner of his mouth, staining his already crimson clothing. She felt herself trembling and looked down at her hands, which were flecked with the guard's blood. Her ferocity left as the realization of what it was to kill set in, chilling her to the bone. The moonlight felt as if it were only there to antagonize her and expose her as a murderess. She thought she heard the guard gurgle a last curse as he struggled for breath. Kayleigh looked up and stared dumbly at her mother, and then back to the guard, who still glared even as the life faded from his eyes. She took a step forward, then another, and so on until she found herself standing in front of the freshly dead guard. Her hands shook as she pulled her knife out of the wound with a nauseating sucking sound. She turned away from the body and heaved, hoping there were none of Ruber's men left in the house to hear her. She never wanted to kill again as long as she lived. \"Kayleigh!\" Juliana whispered, \"You must go to Camelot while you can! Forget what you have done! Warn Arthur!\" Her mother spoke again, more urgently, as her eyes seemed to bulge in the uneven light, \"Kayleigh, go! Now! You have to warn Arthur as quickly as you can! Camelot needs time to prepare!\" Kayleigh looked up; her mother was standing over her. Juliana grabbed Kayleigh's bloodstained tunic and lifted the maiden until their eyes met. Kayleigh thought her mother looked insane, \"If I do it, they'll kill you, and they'll not feel the way you do about it. I am safe if you flee now !\" Juliana gently shoved Kayleigh away, \"Redeem your foolish mother's mistakes. You're our best hope, now, in this moment of war.\" Kayleigh glanced at the dead man slumped by the door, and felt a strange, fear-fueled strength entering her limbs as she realized that she would be next, then Arthur, if she stayed. She dashed over to the window and looked around, her lifelong home suddenly a treacherous nest of bloodthirsty enemies. Luckily, nobody seemed to be returning and the path to the barn seemed clear. She looked at her mother, who nodded at her gravely. \"I shall see you if I survive,\" Kayleigh told her mother, her voice determined. She climbed from the window and snuck carefully around the house, chancing a look in the main window as she tried to keep to the shadows. She allowed herself a sigh of relief and bit her lip to prevent an odd nervous chatter threatening to rise from her core. Her mother was alone, and it would be a while before anyone noticed Kayleigh was missing. She willed a silent prayer of thanks for Ruber's clumsiness in leaving only one guard. She slipped her bloody dagger into her father's belt and ran for the stables, trying desperately not to make a sound. Her horse was still saddled from earlier, and her heart soared at the flow of luck as she prayed it would not end soon. She took the horse by the reins and began to lead it toward the front gate. She prayed desperately that the animal would not spook as they neared the path by the well. The water gave off an unnatural green light by which she could see Ruber's army. Now she prayed she would not spook: each man looked as though made of black, living chainmail that shone with a malicious rainbow of sickly hues of decay. Each monster had an assortment of hellish weapons instead of limbs. The overall impression was that of a godforsaken, inhuman mangle- and she could see that they were more than twenty strong. Kayleigh ducked as a deafening screech filled the air. She looked up and saw a massive, winged, catlike figure that she had assigned to mythology. She ducked and held her arms protectively over her face as the griffon landed with a hiss, apparently unaware of her presence at all. From her low vantage point, Kayleigh recognized a very familiar silhouette approaching the beast. \"My faithful pet,\" Ruber greeted the monster, his narrow, angular face contorting itself into a twisted smile, \"Tonight, we have won. Panic sweeps the land, without Excalibur, Arthur is useless, and in only a matter of weeks shall I rend his head from his shoulders with that very blade.\" At Ruber's words, the griffon began to stammer. Ruber turned to the beast, \"What is it?\" \"Master,\" the griffon hissed with a note of embarrassment in its voice, \"Arthur is without Excalibur… But we are without it as well.\" The great creature seemed to sink inside its thick, dusky covering of fur and feathers. It was strangely pathetic. Ruber grabbed the creature's bat-like ear, paying no attention to the creature's yowling, \"You wretched mythological moron! I. GAVE. YOU. ONE. TASK! How could you possibly fail?\" \"I was ambushed,\" The griffon explained, averting its glowing amber eyes, \"By a falcon.\" \"My magnificent beast,\" Ruber said as if trying to understand the creature's words, his face contorting into a hideous mix of confusion and rage, \"was outmatched by a pigeon ?\" The griffon snorted, \"It was not a pigeon; it was a falcon with silver wings. I reached to ensnare it in my claws, but it flew beneath me and knocked the sword from my grasp. Before I could recover it, the cursed Forbidden Forest itself rose against me, and I had to abandon it.\" \"Terrifying,\" Ruber commented sarcastically, as he held the creature's head closer to him. Kayleigh caught a glimpse of the fury in the traitor's eyes as he responded, \" Where is the sword , now? \" The foul beast growled, \"I told you: the Forbidden Forest, master. The danger is untold.\" Kayleigh did not wait to hear the rest. She swung herself into the saddle, jumped the gate, and barreled down the road as fast as she could, willing herself not to be seen, even in the bright moonlight. Inside her confined room, Juliana silently prayed for her daughter's safety. She thought she saw a speck moving along the road, hoping it was not a trick of the light and willing her daughter as much ground as possible before Ruber's men gave chase. The other guards had not yet come back, which was fine with Juliana. Even if they left her to rot with the dead man, Juliana could not say she cared as long as each day they delayed was one that her daughter had to put more distance between Ruber and his goals. Juliana reclined on the bed and tried to put her mind elsewhere. She examined her hand and saw a little blood on it that she reasoned had come off when she grabbed her daughter's shirt. She shuddered, wishing she had not had to be so harsh to her daughter. War was not a thing for which the girl was ever prepared, having been born just in time for the last battles of the land's bloody civil war and spared the worst of her father's war stories. Juliana prayed that her daughter would be as strong as Lionel had promised before he died. The door slammed open, interrupting Juliana's thoughts. Juliana gasped at the sight before her: a vaguely man-shaped, grotesque pile of metal with hands- if they could be called hands- that seemed to have blades for fingers. The metal was iridescent black and glittered menacingly in the moonlight. Ruber shoved his way in front of it, then stopped short, his eyes widening at the sight of Juliana alone. The fiend whirled around violently, gasping as he seemed to catch the smell of blood. Juliana sat up as Ruber slammed the door to see what was behind it. Juliana never expected what she saw next. Ruber sank to his knees and seemed to shake, and Juliana thought she heard the man crying. Surprised as she was, Juliana felt no empathy for her captor, only a cold, smug, feeling of vengeance. \"Where is she?\" Ruber shouted at Juliana as he stalked across the room, swiping a hand across his eyes as he left the dead man where he lay. He grabbed Juliana's arm, \"She could not have disappeared into thin air, woman.\" \"Who?\" Juliana asked coldly. She was going to stall as long as she possibly could. \"That murdering wench you spawned into this world,\" Ruber growled, clenching Juliana's arm. She gritted her teeth so as not to give him the satisfaction of knowing it hurt her as he continued, \"Where is she?\" \"Do you think I possess a psychic bond with my daughter,\" Juliana's voice could have frozen the sea, \"that I would be aware of her location from here?\" She secretly relished the moment that Ruber's eyes flashed with primal anger. It crossed the widow's mind that she had turned as cruel as the man in front of her, but Camelot was at war, and she would do anything to hinder the man who ripped her husband from her arms. She only regretted that the resolve had not come sooner. She inhaled sharply as Ruber hoisted her in the air and whispered in a voice dripping with murder, \"Consider yourself fortunate that we need you alive for now. I will slay you and your daughter as soon as I sit upon the throne, and I shall do so where your husband fell. Remember that, woman.\" Ruber tossed Juliana back onto the bed and drew his blade, pointing it at the monstrosity that had entered the room with him, \"Throw her in the wagon and prepare to leave. I shall handle the girl personally .\" Juliana continued to pray that her daughter made use of every second she had, and that somehow, her daughter would evade Ruber's grasp before he could find her. Mostly, though she knew the chances were slim, she prayed that her daughter would find a protector. Whew! This was a hard chapter to write, but that only means I am all the more open to critique. I hope it did not make anyone too uncomfortable. I ran it by my IRL friends several times to make sure it would not be too extreme, but still put the warning on it just to make sure that anybody who might be a little more sensitive to this stuff would be warned. That said, I will not be uploading on Friday, December 26, due to the fact that 12/24 through 12/27 is a string of birthdays in my family. Instead, I will upload on Sunday, December 28 before returning to the Friday schedule on January 2. I hope you enjoyed this chapter, Flautist4ever[Chapter 11] Kayleigh fought to keep herself focused as she pushed her horse as fast as it would go down the road; if she could somehow catch up with her promised husband, they could both search the Forbidden Forest. Surely with the Griffon's unknowingly given information, she could help Finton locate the sword and return it to its rightful place. She gave the cream mare a light kick to keep the pace as she involuntarily thought of her escape. She searched her memories. Had her father ever had to do what she had done? She thought of his war stories and how she had enjoyed them as a child. They took on a far more terrifying meaning now. She shook her head and narrowed her eyes against the wind in her face. The road was empty, a stark, pale stripe against an otherwise dark landscape made only slightly lighter in the full moon's light. She did not travel much farther when she spotted a dark speck on the road ahead. She spurred her horse even faster, her vision blurring as her eyes watered against the rushing wind. Her eyes widened as the speck grew closer and took shape. It was a man. She pulled her horse to a stop and sprinted the last few yards to investigate. Kayleigh felt sick again. The man was dead, as she feared, and lying face down. She examined the body, turning him over as her stomach churned painfully with fear. He had several deep cuts on his limbs, but the fatal wound was much more grotesque: he had been impaled several times through the chest and abdomen. Kayleigh looked at his face, which was eerily familiar even under the blood that distorted the features. She took the edge of her tunic and wiped it as clean as she could, hoping her sudden suspicion was wrong. She gasped and stumbled backwards. It could not be that she was right. She looked at the face again, trying not to cry. No matter how she tried, there was no mistaking the crystal blue eyes or the way the distinctive blond hair, even stained and smeared in dark red, glinted silver beneath the stars. She reeled dizzily, panicking as the realization that she had nobody to help her sank in; no matter how she screamed and cried, nobody would hear her. Behind her, the faint sounds of a freshly-begun pursuit dragged her from her shock and grief. She dragged Finton's body to the side of the road and closed his eyes, pausing only to pray that she would live to return his body to his father when this nightmare ended. She returned to her horse and spurred the cream mare forward, galloping as fast as she could toward the fork in the road. She briefly considered going straight for Camelot. Instead, she steered onto the path to the Forbidden Forest. If nothing else, she could hide Excalibur and prevent Ruber from ever using it- assuming she survived long enough to find it. A faint memory rose in the back of her mind at the thought: nobody had ever returned from that place. She fought not to think of the death she would face in the wilds; at least whatever killed her there would grant her the dignity of dying free from Ruber's clutches. She heard the sound of galloping behind her, and it was loud. Kyleigh stole a glance backwards and immediately regretted it. They had transformed their horses, too. Her mare would never be able to outpace the glimmering monstrosities on which Ruber's weapon-men rode. She heard a whooshing sound as two enormous bolts flew past her head, knocking over a large dead tree ahead of her. She pulled her horse back and steered it into the stream that ran alongside the road. She cursed under her breath; the mangles had given themselves a further gain in ground. Still, she could see the Forbidden Forest ahead. She leaned forward on her horse, jumping a ditch and gaining even more ground towards her destination. Just as she reached the first trees, a strange mist shot out, spooking the horse. As if time had slowed, Kayleigh tumbled from her saddle, catching a brief glimpse of the monstrosities pursuing her, and hit the ground with a jolt of pain. She pushed herself to her feet and dashed into the forest with all the speed she could muster on her exhausted legs. With every step, Kayleigh felt that the forest was trying to banish her as she would spit out a moldy piece of food. Every branch that snagged at her was a hand trying to push her back out. The more she struggled forward, the more the forest fought her. She looked over her shoulder and tried to press on faster, but one of the hand-branches snagged in her hair, catching painfully in the tight knot that held her hair out of the way. She struggled to get herself free but found it futile, her panic suitably drowning out everything but the pounding heartbeat in her ears. Frantically, she reached for her dagger, but found one of the unholy weapon-soldiers already had its blade-hand poised to strike. She closed her eyes and pulled. Pain sliced through the nape of her neck, but she found herself free. The ground was less rocky and the trees were thinning as she continued running as fast as her body could take her, yet as the silver dawn began to filter through the trees, she began to truly feel her wounds. Her mind fogged and her vision blurred as she began to stumble through the dense undergrowth. She looked back again. She had maneuvered somewhat more easily than the bulky weapon-men and had gained some ground. She blinked, unable to do anything else to express the small glimmer of relief that flooded through her. As she turned her head to look forward, her foot caught in a root and she fell forward. She prepared to pick herself up, but there was no ground beneath her. She watched as the cliff sped by her while she reached for something-anything- to break her fall, but there was nothing. As the air sped past her, she saw her life flash before her eyes. She had just enough time to feel her first tears in what felt like a lifetime begin to flow. Hitting the water felt like being thrown against a brick wall. What breath she had was knocked out of her, and she tried to pull herself up to the surface. Something was wrong. She opened her eyes. In what dim light there was, she could see a net stretched around her. She reached for her dagger and hacked at the net, which seemed to fight her razor sharp blade with every strike. Finally, she freed herself enough to swim. She clawed her way out of the water just in time to watch her pursuers sink beneath the surface. She swam frantically to the shore and managed a short distance before she sank to her knees, unable to go any further. She crawled behind a tree and examined herself. Her hair was gone below the nape of her neck, and she was covered in blood and was more than certain that not all of it was her own. She looked at her arms and under her tunic to find that she had several leeches on her. She took her dagger and set to removing them, getting the last one off just as she slipped into a fitful, tormented half-sleep. Author's Note: Thank you guys for sticking with this through these dark chapters. The story lightens up again starting next week, and I will begin adding some alternate chapters alongside the normal ones. The alternate chapters will lead up to an alternate ending and will be clearly marked so that they do not interrupt the flow of the story I originally started. I look forward to your reviews. Thanks again, Flautist4ever[Chapter 12] Something prodded Kayleigh in the side, jerking her from her nightmares. Her eyes flickered open and her vision focused. She screamed and pressed herself against the tree. In her tired, devastated mind, it looked as if her victim had returned for his vengeance. Her mind cleared as the strange man backed up, pressing his hands over his ears. \"Will you stop screaming?\" the strange man barked as Kayleigh stared at him. She shook her head and fell silent, realizing her mind had played a foul trick. This man clearly could not have been the guard from the previous night. She looked more intently at him. His face had sharp features, but was somewhat broader and framed with long hair that obscured his eyes. In his left hand, he held a walking staff nearly as long as he was tall. And he was tall. Kayleigh began to stammer an apology, \"I-\" \"What are you doing here?\" The man questioned, an odd expression that Kayleigh guessed was a snarl forming across his features, \"This is no place for you!\" \"I had no other choice!\" Kayleigh exclaimed as she stood, using the tree for support, \"Excalibur was stolen and-\" A series of heavy clanking footsteps jerked Kayleigh's attention to behind the man. \"Look out!\" she called. The man spun around, tossing his head in every direction as if he could not see the unnatural, mangled piles of man-shaped chain mail advancing on him. A screech filled the air, and Kayleigh thought she saw a flash of silver overhead. The man tightened his grip on his quarter staff and took a fighting stance. The first of Ruber's minions advanced, and Kayleigh thought the monster would dispatch the man with one blow. Kayleigh heard a chirp, and the man dodged, slamming his staff into the monster's midriff, twisting it and throwing the monster back into the second one. Kayleigh could see that the creatures were not finished yet, and dashed forward until she stood next to the man. In the morning light, she could more clearly see the monsters. Each had a skeletal face that had enough moving plates to render expression, and below the head, a tangle of chainmail orchestrated by mechanisms Kayleigh could not understand seemed to serve for muscles. Their massive forms sent a chilling fear running down her spine, but Kayleigh was done fleeing. \"I will not run from these things anymore!\" She shouted as the man inclined his head. \"Just stay out of my way!\" He growled as the monsters advanced again. Kayleigh nodded and dashed forward, dropping to the ground and sliding beneath one. She tried to drive her knife into its leg, but the chainmail skin was impenetrable. She quickly flailed, trying to slice through a metal string that seemed to control the foot's movement, but was too slow. She screamed as metal hands grabbed beneath her arms and she found herself looking into eyes that glowed a putrid, soulless green. An idea clicked in her mind and she fumbled to unfasten her belt as she felt herself about to be tossed like a pebble. She left the creature's hand as she managed to draw the belt backwards like a whip. She whirled it above her head and lashed it forward just in time to catch her adversary's hand as it recoiled. She yanked on the belt and positioned herself. A jolt ran up her legs as her feet collided with the beast's head, and she grunted as she landed on top of it, grimly satisfied at the crunching sound as its neck twisted unnaturally. She seemed to have at least managed to immobilize it. She looked up and saw the strange man fighting the other monster. She stood, mesmerized as the man in green nonchalantly dodged blow after blow, his form a blur of movement against the foliage behind him. She blinked and he struck the other monster, knocking it backwards into the swamp, where it sank beneath the surface again. Kayleigh stepped over the one she had fought, about to thank the man, when a cold, metallic hand wrapped around her ankle and yanked her feet from under her. She screamed as she hit the ground, flailing uselessly as the mangle began to drag her away. She writhed and twisted, but her opponent seemed to have learned its lesson; no matter how she flailed, she could not get free. She heard a screech from above and her captor lurched forward, letting go of her. She caught herself and watched as her rescuer caught the retaliating monster with a spin of his quarterstaff and threw it into the swamp with its partner. Kayleigh pulled herself to her feet, gingerly testing her ankle and grateful to find that it held her weight, and pulled herself into a fighting stance. To her surprise, the man-weapons pulled themselves up on the other side of the bank and fled. She glanced at her strange rescuer, who still held his fighting stance and a snarl across his face. Who on earth was this man and where did he learn to fight? She stepped forward. She had no idea what she could say, but she knew she had to say something. \"That was incredible,\" Kayleigh blabbered, \"How you fought those creatures. How you avoided that, that thing!\" Kayleigh now willed herself to cease talking, but could not, \"You are amazing! You're-\" She finally stopped herself long enough to watch the man continue to stare into the distance, \"not even listening to me.\" The man paid her no attention, \"What did those look like to you?\" Kayleigh briefly forgot her composure, \"What- You just saved my life ! Thank you!\" \"Well,\" the man said, turning around and brushing past her, \"Anyone can make a mistake. Now would you mind answering my question?\" \"Oh, I understand now,\" Kayleigh said before she could stop herself, \"This is where King Arthur banishes those jesters who are not amusing.\" She reached to entwine a finger in her hair, but remembered that her hair now only reached the nape of her neck, where she had been cut. The man laughed sarcastically, turning to smile at her, \"And now I shall thank you to leave. I didn't need any reminders of my hermitage. Good day.\" Kayleigh felt the words bubbling up again, \"Might I at least know your name?\" The man did not look back, \"It's Garrett.\" Kayleigh followed him at an awkward sprint, \"My name is Kayleigh!\" She got in front of him and gestured for him to stop, \"Garrett, why will you not look at me when I speak to you?\" As if in answer, he stopped just short enough of her that her outstretched hand brushed aside a lock of his red hair to reveal blank green eyes with milky white and sightless pupils. She stifled a gasp, \"My apologies. I failed to realize you were-\" \"I'm what?\" The man interrupted, \"Tall? Rugged?\" He paused, \"Handsome?\" Kayleigh tried not to let his offense temper her answer, \"blind.\" Her answer sounded sympathetic enough. To her surprise, Garrett laughed, \"You know, I always forget that one.\" Kayleigh grunted and opened her mouth to speak, but the man interrupted, \"Now why are you here?\" Kayleigh had nothing to lose by telling the truth, \"Excalibur was stolen, but Ruber's griffon lost it over this forest. I intend to find the sword and return it to Arthur before Camelot and my mother-\" \"Isn't this a job for your husband, woman?\" Garrett interrupted as he strode beneath the trees. Kayleigh was surprised how much it seemed that he was a natural part of the forest, at least in his pitilessness. \"I am a maiden,\" Kayleigh replied resentfully, \"And the man to whom I was betrothed was murdered at the hands of Ruber's men as he was trying to find the sword, not that it concerns you.\" \"Uh-huh,\" Garrett grunted, showing no sign of remorse, \"This forest is no place for anyone else. You're not so far in that you'll be lost if you turn around and go home. I'll look for the sword. Now go away.\" Kayleigh mused about the similar callousness with which both the forest and the man treated her. She was not entirely sure she trusted him, and hesitated. This man was obviously stronger than she was, and in her tired and hungry state, she would be no match if he intended harm. Still, she reasoned, he had not hurt her yet, and she still had her knife. She took it from her belt and looked at it. It was still a little bloody and dull from fighting Ruber's minion, but it would suffice if she needed it. She made her decision. \"I will not turn back,\" Kayleigh asserted, \"I have been abducted, beaten, and nearly drowned, but I am alive and loyal to Arthur, and I refuse-\" A falcon landed on the man's shoulder. Kayleigh gasped as the bird extended a wing to preen beneath it, \"Your falcon has silver wings!\" \"Really,\" The man asked sarcastically, turning toward the maiden, \"I'll have to take your word for that.\" Kayleigh lurched forward, \"I apologize! The griffon said it was ambushed by a falcon with silver wings!\" The man turned to the falcon, his face questioning. For a second, Kayleigh thought about how well the hermit was taking her story. It sounded absurd even to Kayleigh, and she had heard the griffon's story with her own ears. As if the falcon sensed what Garrett was about to say, it chirped affirmatively and flew over to Kayleigh. She gasped as it landed on her shoulder and nuzzled her face, chirping happily. She knew the man could not see what was going on, but she could not help the triumphant smirk that spread across her face, \"Your falcon seems to think I have not told you any untruths. And I am not completely incompetent in battle. \" The man turned around, \"'Not completely incompetent' and 'useful' are very different terms. Aiden and I will find the sword. We always work alone.\" \"I see no reason why I should allow you to search alone whilst I return to my captors,\" Kayleigh shot back. The man turned his back to Kayleigh and started forward, \"I never said you had to return to your captors.\" He placed a hand on a tree next to him, \"I've lived alone here a long time, and this place means life for me. It's death for you, one way or another, if you stay, so you mustn't follow me if you have a mind to survive.\" \"If I die here, I will have done so with the dignity of not being a traitor's captive,\" Kayleigh replied, \"On my word as a woman of nobility, I shall tell nobody of this place if I survive, and whether I die or live, when Excalibur is returned, I will leave you to your peaceful hermitage and you will never have to hear of me again.\" She meant every word of it and hoped the strange hermit would not turn her away again. The man turned around without a sound and continued his walk forward, wordlessly ascending what looked like ancient steps. Kayleigh followed, wondering where this man would lead her. She found herself atop a cliff. On one side, the woods continued along the rim of a small canyon. On the other side, the cliff dropped gently off. Ahead, a massive log provided a sort of bridge under a waterfall. She looked up to try to trace the waterfall's source and was floored to find a massive cavern ahead, which had been obscured by the cascade. She watched as Garrett placed his walking staff in front of him and lifted it, making a dry path through the fall. Kayleigh hurried behind him. She gasped and nearly slipped as the water hit her in full force. She pulled herself forward, shaking as a breeze made the already cold water feel even colder. Ahead, she could hear the man chuckling to himself. She pushed the cold to the back of her mind and jogged ahead. She was going to prove that she could keep up, even in the darkness. Eventually, they reached the end of the cavern and stepped into the sunlight. Kayleigh stretched a hand to block the harsh light as her eyes adjusted. Ahead, Garrett continued, unfazed. Kayleigh realized that she had forgotten he was blind. As she continued to follow him, she began to find herself distracted by the forest's beauty. As far as she could see, the trees were laced with what looked like flowering ivy vines. Occasionally, she would glimpse an odd purple pod situated atop a boulder, and overhead were heavy yellow hulls that shone brilliantly in the sunlight. On an impulse, she reached out and touched one of the translucent yellow pods. She gasped as thick, purple mucus covered her. Ahead, Garrett chuckled, \"This is a fine mess you've gotten us into, Aiden.\" Kayleigh brushed the purple goop from her body, \"Hey! This is not so bad! I'll have you know that I have had more trouble collecting eggs!\" Kayleigh shouted as her indignation swelled. She watched as Garrett turned around. A smug, childish grin crossed his features as he replied, \"Somehow, my lady , I doubt that.\" Kayleigh growled as she brushed the last of the mucus from her arms, shaking her legs as she walked forward. She was certain that he had made a point to show her his expression. The cur. She followed at a distance as the substance dried and became sticky. She tried to keep her focus on her surroundings instead of wishing she had anyone but the hermit for a travelling companion. She watched as his green-clad form half disappeared against the forest ahead, and she jogged forward to close the gap before he disappeared entirely. That was a mistake; she nearly ran into the man as he stopped short. \"What is it?\" she asked worriedly, unable to see what was ahead. The man stalked forward and opened what looked like a door made of twigs intertwined with strips of leather. He turned his head so that Kayleigh could hear him, \"If you're not going to go away, you're going to need a few things.\" He stepped into what Kayleigh could see was a makeshift hovel built into a tree, \"Now are you going to come in or not?\" With that, the man turned and stepped inside. Kayleigh sighed and followed, eager to find Excalibur and leave this man to his forest as she promised. Author's Notes: I felt that the way the characters met in the movie was a little forced. Although one could argue that it was early morning, it implied that Garrett traveled at least a short distance through the forest at night, which is then contradicted later. One could also argue that perhaps he slept near the area, but for some reason, I just don't think so. As for the minions, I think it would take them a while to figure out how to swim... Thank you guys for reading, and I hope to finish the story over the two-week break I have. Even if I do finish it, though, I will continue weekly uploads so that I have time to spellcheck, edit, spellcheck again, and refine it. I look forward to your critiques and reviews. Thanks again, Flautist4ever[Chapter 13] Several hours had passed. Kayleigh followed the man in front of her, still wondering what to make of him. He had wordlessly given her a pack of food and a water pouch earlier, only asking that she not touch anything in his small shelter. Other than that it was small, it had not been what she expected of a hermitage; it well-kept, and everything showed signs of at least rudimentary repair, though most things showed great skill and care in their upkeep. Now, as she struggled to keep up with his pace, she noticed that even his clothing- he had put on a shirt beneath his tunic earlier- had signs of careful keeping, and his hair had not been allowed to grow unchecked, even though it was longer than she had ever seen on a man- longer than her own at this point. She reached up to feel her once long and flowing hair, which was now only long enough to reach the nape of her neck, and glanced to the side just in time to see a pink orb hurtling toward her. She squealed as she hit the ground. The hermit jumped in front of her, holding his walking stick defensively. Kayleigh saw the odd purple plant that had attacked her swing around to bludgeon her defender. She gasped, but in a split second, the man dodged the plant's pink, club-like appendage and hit it squarely into the ground. He grabbed Kayleigh's arm and pulled her out of the plant's range. \"Can you walk?\" He asked. Kayleigh stood, \"I am unharmed- merely winded.\" He took a few steps forward, \"Good. Let's move on.\" Kayleigh followed, \"Why did that plant attack me?\" Without turning his head, Garrett replied, \"You're bleeding. Or at least, you have blood on you. That's going to be a problem when we reach Dragon Country…\" Kayleigh flinched, \"Dragon Country?\" \"It's not much farther,\" Garrett replied dully, \"we'll be there not long after midday, even at this pace. The dragons'll be able to smell you, but if you stay close and follow my lead, you won't be eaten… Probably.\" Kayleigh felt her face go pale, \"C-Cannot- Is there nothing I can do to tend my wounds?\" \"Not before we get past it,\" Garrett replied with an annoyed tone in his voice, \"I'll show you how to treat yourself if you live.\" Kayleigh sighed, resigning herself to the fact that a show of gratitude was still in order, \"Thank you for defending me from that plant.\" \"You wouldn't have died quietly,\" Garrett answered coarsely, \"and in this place, things that come when they hear death come before anything else can escape.\" She wanted to ask how he could be so unconcerned about another person's life, but she knew she would have to save her breath if she wanted to survive until the next morning. She had not slept well enough to manage, given recent events, and had little other recourse than to force herself to put one foot in front of the other. In the meantime, Kayleigh fell silent and kept her eye out for any more violent plants, but had barely gone a couple steps when she noticed a high cliff rearing up in the path. She opened her mouth to ask Garrett what to do, but looked around as she heard a strange whirring. She was surprised to find that she was in a field of giant flowers, some purple, others yellow, which were nearly the height of a sizeable house. She gasped when she saw the source of the noise: one of the flowers was rising into the air, its purple petals a spinning blur. Garrett was holding onto it, she realized as she stood gaping like a fool. She watched as, at length, he stepped away from the flower and onto the ledge. She looked around, spotted another purple flower, and grabbed onto it. To her surprise, nothing happened. She felt along the stem, trying to determine what manner of touch would be necessary to provoke it into flight. She brushed against an indent not far above her head, and the petals began to spin. She quickly hugged the stem and tried not to fall as it dragged her through the treetops. Before she realized it, she was her own height above the cliff. She closed her eyes and jumped as far forward as she could and prayed that she would not fall short. She landed with a grunt and opened her eyes tentatively. Relief flooded her as she realized that she had made it. She straightened up and took a step forward, feeling satisfied that she was able to survive even this far into the Forbidden Forest. Ahead, she thought she heard Garrett mutter something. She took another carefree step, but there was no ground beneath her foot. She fell forward and twisted to try to right herself, but found herself lying winded on her back, staring at the mockingly blue sky. A familiar faced slid into her field of vision and peered blindly into the general vicinity of her eyes, the rusty-hued hair that framed it glowing in the sunlight. \"I said, 'watch out for the dip in the ground',\" Garrett disdainfully repeated. He got to his feet and extended a hand. Dazed, Kayleigh prettily offered her fingers, lightly brushing them against Garrett's hand. He ignored her delicate gesture and grabbed her forearm, pulling her ungracefully to her feet, \"Watch where you're going next time,\" The man released her arm and stalked forward, lightly probing the ground in front of him with his quarterstaff, \"Even I can do that.\" Kayleigh bit back her retort. It would do nothing. All she wanted to do was survive whatever horrors this Dragon Country would throw at her. She resented the hermit's every insinuation of her inferiority, but she knew she was terribly inept in this place. Somewhere in her heart, against her every wish, she felt a glimmer of respect for the man. Author's Note: I know I said I'd upload on Sunday this week, but the person whose birthday it is wanted to stay home and chill out today, so I figured I'd just upload today as usual. I've also got enough written that I can estimate this thing is going to be around 35 chapters, give or take. I have decided to give up on the alternate ending for now, since it doesn't change the story very much- only a few scenes and details would be altered- and my IRL friends said it was a really harsh ending and that they preferred the one that follows the movie. Also, Thank you guys for over 200 views this month! You are all awesome! Thank you for reading, Flautist4ever[Chapter 14] Not enough time had passed before the blind hermit crouched, sniffing carefully. \"Have you got a cold?\" Kayleigh asked unthinkingly before cringing at her thoughtlessness. \"This is Dragon Country,\" Garrett replied, making her feel worse, \"Can't you smell it?\" Kayleigh sniffed at the air and recoiled at the terrible stench that slithered up her nostrils. She opened her mouth to detest the odor, but Garrett spoke before she could complain, \"Stay close and do as I do. Since you're here, you might as well not be eaten. Just be careful; I'm not fighting an attacking dragon.\" Kayleigh watched, fighting her sudden timidity, as her guide stepped into the open, quickly and lightly probing the ground in front of him. She followed, glancing warily in every direction and hoping the crippling fear in her stomach would not paralyze her in the face of danger. The vast emptiness of this blood-hued sandstone wasteland intimidated her- and that was a gross understatement. She felt nervous words bubbling up and fought to keep them contained as she neared the vast canyon ahead. They reached a large structure suspended over a chasm and began to climb. Massive spikes jutted and curved from the narrow main column at regular intervals. It was halfway across the structure that Kayleigh realized what it was. Her grasp on her nerves slipped, \"Are all dragons the size of this one?\" Garrett replied, not turning to show her his expression, \"I wouldn't know; I've never actually seen one.\" \"Oh. Right,\" Kayleigh mumbled back, unable to stop herself from muttering incessantly as they passed what she knew was the remnants of the beast's once-massive wings and stepped onto the other side of the abyss, \"Is a group of dragons a pack or a flock? I-is it a gaggle or a pride? Is it a herd?\" \"Quiet!\" Garrett hissed from ahead, turning his head- Kayleigh knew- just to show her his disapproving expression. Kayleigh looked wildly around at the orange canyon walls that enclosed the area, \"Did you hear something?\" \"I wouldn't be able to,\" Garrett growled, \"Over your babbling. Now please stop.\" Kayleigh glared at him, forgetting briefly that that would do nothing. A roar shook the canyon and Kayleigh spun around just in time to see an enormous shadow fly across the top. She stumbled backwards and heard a sickening crack from behind her. She turned around to see that her left foot had broken the shell of an egg the size of a large dog. From the smell of it, it had gone rancid long ago. She shook the gelatinous rot from her foot and looked around. Her blood froze, effectively chaining her to her spot. Garrett was nowhere to be seen. \"Garrett!\" She called, looking frantically around as another shadow flew overhead, \"Where are you?\" The shadow landed in the distance, throwing a cloud of dust into the air, and Kayleigh backed up, holding her breath, until she could go no further. She glanced back and found herself pressed against what appeared to be a much larger, hatched egg. The shadow began to advance through the dust. Suddenly, something grabbed Kayleigh's shoulder and yanked her backwards. She let out an involuntary squeal that was quickly muffled as another hand found its way over her mouth. She inhaled sharply through her nose, startled- yet inexplicably comforted- to find the clear forest scent mingling with the rotten dragon stench that filled the air. \"Shh,\" a voice hissed into her ear as the hand on her shoulder cautiously moved along her arm and pulled her closer to a warm, solid, and decidedly human form on her other side. She looked towards the larger form, and immediately felt both grateful and irritated as she recognized her escort. She removed his hands and peered over the edge of the egg. The shadow turned around a few times as if confused, and then flew away. \"It's gone,\" Kayleigh whispered. \"I know,\" Garrett breathed, \"Let's go.\" Kayleigh shook as she pulled herself up and lifted a foot and stepped over the crumbling edge of the egg. She began to stretch a hand out to help Garrett, but saw that he was already climbing over the opposite edge. She thought she heard a sound from the egg on her other side, but before she could turn, she felt the air explode from her lungs as her body became acquainted with the stony ground. She tried to push herself up, but could barely turn over beneath the crushing weight that pinned her helplessly to the rocks beneath her. As she choked for even a small mouthful of the rotten air, she became aware of two sets of catlike eyes staring her down. \"Run, human,\" A voice hissed into her ear. She began to make out the shape of two heads pressed close to her face as her vision cleared. She vaguely became aware that each head's slender neck joined at a single origin. \"That is, human, if you can when we're done with you- Ough!\" The second voice was cut off as Garrett swung his quarterstaff into its neck. Kayleigh scrambled to her feet. Garrett battered at her attackers until they were pressed against the canyon wall, cowering in a way Kayleigh never thought possible for dragons, \"Stop, human! We command you!\" one of the heads shouted, lowering to a level close to its feet. Garrett slammed his staff into the ground, causing both heads to flinch, \"And I thought you were going to eat her. Some ferocious dragons you are.\" The second head, which had dark purple horns and amber eyes, responded, \"We were trying to scare you away!\" Kayleigh stepped closer to the strange creature, \"Why would you do that? What are you?\" The first head, which had tan horns and green eyes, replied, \"Frankly, we are a fine example of why cousins ought not to marry.\" Kayleigh forced her laughter back, \"Why did you not eat us? I though dragons were-\" The green-eyed head snorted, \"How the other dragons can stand the taste of such bland things, I shall never know.\" \"Yeah,\" the amber-eyed head interjected, \"You can't even eat a human 'till it's been beaten for a day, and by then, what's the point?\" \"And so unhygienic!\" The first head added, \"Do you humans ever bathe?\" Kayleigh felt strangely offended in a way she did not quite understand. Before she could ask any further questions, Garrett grabbed her hand and started walking, \"Come on, Kayleigh. Let's go.\" She started behind him. She did not know how vast this stretch of near-wasteland was, nor did she want to delay finding Excalibur. She cast a glance backwards at the still-cowering purple dragon- or was it dragons- against the canyon wall. She had an idea. Kayleigh stopped, turning to address the two-headed creature, \"Do you know of a more expedient path through this territory?\" Behind her, she heard Garrett make an annoyed sound, \"Kayle-\" \"Yes,\" The green-eyed head answered. Kayleigh smiled, \"Would you please be so kind as to show us the way?\" Both heads nodded and the amber-eyed one replied, \"As long as the green one doesn't attack us anymore.\" Kayleigh thought she heard a displeased sound from her guide. Kayleigh nodded to assure the dragons that she would not allow any more harm to come to them. Suddenly, she remembered an important detail and asked, \"Might you have names?\" The green-eyed head looked back, \"I am Dulathcathhul, and the other head is also Dulathcathhul.\" \"You are not individually named?\" Kayleigh asked. \"Dragons are named before they hatch,\" The amber-eyed head answered, \"Which makes it hard when you're stuck sharing an egg.\" \"Then, if you will permit me, might I call you individually?\" Kayleigh asked, hoping neither Dulathcathhul would take offense. The heads shared a confused glance before the amber-eyed one inquired, \"How'd that work?\" \"Well,\" Kayleigh stalled, trying to think of suitable names. \"I think I would call you, 'Cornwall',\" she blurted, \"And you, 'Devon'.\" She finished, pointing to the green-eyed head. The dragons looked at her as if completely befuddled. \"So long as the names are not insults, human, we will allow you to call us by them,\" The green-eyed head, now Devon, answered. \"Your names are honorable names,\" Kayleigh said quickly, hoping to hurry now that she knew how to call the two-headed reptile, \"Now, about this expedient route…\" \"This way,\" Cornwall gestured forward. Devon turned to face the same direction and the dragon bounded forward a few steps before turning to make sure the humans were following. Kayleigh grabbed Garrett's hand, to the man's grunted protest, and followed the two-headed dragon along the deep ravine. She was glad the ground was fairly flat. Fear could only push her into focus for so long, and it seemed to last less and less time before she began stumbling in exhaustion. She thought that Devon and Cornwall were slowing their pace for her, but every time she asked, they insisted otherwise. She began to take in her surroundings now that her exhaustion was interfering with her focus. To her surprise, she began to think the canyon somewhat beautiful; the russet sandstone walls reflected the sunlight from all angles so that it was comfortably warm, but not overwhelmingly hot. She fought to stay awake, to see danger in every shadow, to be alert, but found herself strangely enamored by this place. Even the sharp, sulfuric odor could not stop her fascination. She shook her head and picked up her pace. The dragons probably nested there because it lulled people the way it lulled her. She stepped forward until she was even with the massive reptile. \"Why are we walking? Can we not fly?\" She asked the nearest head, Cornwall. \"It's obvious you humans can't fly,\" Cornwall answered gruffly, making Kayleigh prickle that the dragon thought her so unintelligent, but before she could protest, Cornwall finished his sentence, \"But as for- as you call us- Devon and me, we haven't figured out how to fly since Devon's completely useless.\" As if to demonstrate, a massive wing stretched over Kayleigh's head. She looked across the dragons' back, where Devon flapped his wing indignantly. \"Have you forgotten that wings work in tandem ?\" Devon shot to his other head, \"I am not the only one of us who cannot fly.\" \"It's only because you're holding me back,\" Cornwall spat, \"If I didn't have you, I'd be the fiercest dragon around!\" \"I see,\" Kayleigh said quickly, wondering how she had failed to think of it and hoping to disrupt the argument, \"I had not thought of that.\" There was a thunderous crash behind the group. Author's Notes, Special thanks to my totally awesome brother for his help with the dialogue for both Ruber and the two-headed dragon. I've tried to encourage him to write his own, since he has some really funny ideas that I can't use in this retelling, but he doesn't like writing. Thanks are also in order for 299 views last month. You guys are incredible! As usual, thank you for taking your time to read. Reviews and critiques are appreciated, and I look forward to uploading next week's chapter. Thank you, Flautist4ever[Chapter 15] Kayleigh turned around and felt her heart stop. Behind the group, easily thrice the size of Devon and Cornwall, was a hydra, with the tallest of its five heads standing nearly half the height of the canyon walls. It drew closer and seemed to leer at the group, each head moving in tandem with the other four. Kayleigh blinked, and the hydra charged. Kayleigh leapt onto the dragons' back and reached out for Garrett. She felt her eyes widen. Of course he could not see her trying to help him! She jumped as far as she could, ducked beneath Garrett's arm, and started to run behind Devon and Cornwall. Garrett quickly caught on until she was only guiding him by his wrist. She did not chance a backwards glance, but the sudden heat she felt on her back told her that the hydra was getting close. \"Wait!\" She cried as a vast lake of green stretched in front of them, \"What is this?\" \"Keep going!\" Garrett shouted as she stopped just short of the lake's edge, \"It should be safe!\" She grabbed his staff and poked the liquid with it. The man recoiled at the hissing sound, sniffing the now-singed edge of the stick, \"Just don't step in it!\" Kayleigh scanned the lake desperately. She jerked her guide to the right, \"There are stepping stones!\" Garrett yanked his hand from hers and gave her a slight forward shove, \"You go! I'll catch up!\" Kayleigh leapt onto the first stone, then the second. She looked backwards. The hydra was rearing right behind Garrett. She planned her way back, \"I'm not leaving without you!\" As if to answer, Aiden flew over the first stone and gave a sharp chirp. To her amazement, Garrett jumped, landing perfectly on the first stone. Kayleigh steeled her nerve and jumped to the third stone, then the fourth, and so on until she had crossed the lake. She turned around and her heart skipped a beat. Garrett was only halfway across the lake. She could see, even from the distance, that his face was creased with concentration. Of course, the sickly light illuminating him from below exaggerated his expression. \"Garrett! Hurry!\" She urged him as the black hydra behind him ducked into the acid lake, seemingly unaffected. \"You think this is easy?!\" The hermit shot back as he cleared the next stone. She stood helplessly as he got closer, stone by stone. He had only two left when the beast attacked, sending a wave of the substance crashing towards the shore and almost knocking Garrett into the lake. Kayleigh bounded forward, grabbing him and barely getting him to the shore. He struggled to get up, and she threw his arm over her shoulders and ran behind Devon and Cornwall as the man regained his footing. A shadow covered the wall in front of the odd group as they reached a series of peculiar holes in the ground. \"That shadow!\" Cornwall exclaimed, \"It's a dragon!\" \"The mere scent should have told you it is a griffon,\" Devon scolded the other head, \"you dimwit!\" As Kayleigh instinctively crouched, covering her face, Cornwall shouted, \"False alarm, everyone!\" \"It's Ruber!\" Kayleigh shouted as the fiend came into view, \"We have to get out of here!\" At Kayleigh's words, the reptile pulled away, \"Down here!\" one of the heads called as the massive body disappeared down one hole in particular. Kayleigh looked around, and then followed, dragging Garrett with her into the abyss. Ruber could not believe his eyes. He stared down the hole, preparing to leap down it himself, when a deep bellow caused him to look up. He found himself staring down a giant black hydra that was dropped his sword, backing up to the canyon wall. The hydra opened the mouth closest to its intended victim, bathing Ruber in its foul breath. Ruber glared into the eyes locked coldly onto him, \"I would have your heads if they wouldn't double!\" Without warning, he dealt a stunning punch to the creature's closest head, knocking it to the side. He charged beneath it, picking up his sword and slicing down the hydra's belly, his human adversaries momentarily forgotten. He had more important things to think about, anyway. Kayleigh groaned as she landed sandwiched between Garrett and Devon and Cornwall. She tried to push herself up and fell backwards as the dragons rolled to one side. Beneath her, Garrett squirmed and grunted. Kayleigh found some space just as Garrett hissed for her to get off. She rolled to one side, picked herself off the ground, and stretched out a hand to help the man get to his feet. \"Are you sure we are safe down here?\" She asked the dragons, who seemed to be stretching out their limbs, though she could barely be sure in the dark. \"It's a lot safer down here than it is up there,\" Cornwall replied. \"We know all the best escape routes,\" Devon added with what sounded like a flap of his wing. \"Why am I not surprised?\" Garrett growled from where he stood. In the darkness of the cave, Kayleigh could not see his face. She felt that he was overreacting. They were safe for the moment and all that left was to survive long enough to find Excalibur. \"At least we are alive,\" Kayleigh breathed, \"and perhaps the hydra up there will solve our Ruber problem.\" \"Let's hope so,\" Garrett said as he pushed past Kayleigh, \"We shouldn't wait here. Even if Ruber dies up there, Excalibur must be returned to Arthur.\" He addressed the dragons, \"Which way out of this cave?\" \"This way,\" Devon gestured with his head toward a small speck of light in the distance. Kayleigh jogged until she was right next to the blind hermit, \"Why did you tell me to take the stepping stones ahead of you? You nearly got yourself killed.\" \"Better one than both,\" Garrett replied curtly, \"now I suggest not talking until we make camp for the night.\" Kayleigh had a feeling the man was hiding something, but still could not suppress the wave of respect she felt for him. She did not bother trying to brush it off as she continued wordlessly behind Garrett and the dragons. Any good feeling she had for him, however undeserved, was one she was going to cling to for her own sanity. It did not take long for the group to reach the mouth of the tunnel, though Kayleigh could see that it was late in the afternoon. Garrett strode toward a cliff, stopping when the silver-winged falcon flew defensively in front of him, giving a warning screech. The hermit planted his left foot, holding his walking stick perpendicular like a proud cat's tail. Kayleigh mused, on that note, if that would be a good indicator of the man's mood and made a note to watch that detail more closely in the future. \"Finally,\" the man sighed, \"We're out of Dragon Country. We can treat your injuries when we make camp for the night. More importantly,\" The hermit turned to face the group, \"The dragons, unlike me, can go back to whatever they did before you came along.\" Before Kayleigh could retort, Devon replied, \"Obviously you know nothing of dragons. As we have aided humans, we shall be eaten promptly upon our return.\" \"Not that it wouldn't be fun,\" Cornwall added over Kayleigh's shocked gasp, \"if it meant getting rid of this moron.\" \"Indeed,\" Devon shot back, \"'Tis my dream to be rid of my lesser half!\" \"That's not my problem!\" Garrett shouted, disrupting the dragons' banter, \"The point is goodbye!\" \"Garrett!\" Kayleigh scolded him though she knew it was not her place, \"Let's take them with us! Please!\" The hermit groaned, placing his palm to his forehead, \"I've enough to deal with when it comes to you!\" \"Excuse me,\" Kayleigh shot back, propriety forgotten, \"But in what way does turning them away help our cause?\" \"In what way does keeping them help our cause?\" Garrett retorted, \"They can't fly.\" \"But Garrett-\" \"They're not coming!\" Author's Notes: Yes, I changed the movie's dragon into a hydra for one joke... I enjoyed writing the banter and I hope this chapter has been fun for you guys. Speaking of you guys, I'm going to gush a bit here. medievalist1, your review on last week's chapter made my day awesome, and I want to thank you for it. I would have thanked you in a private message, but since you're a guest reviewer, that wasn't possible. Thank you so much, Flautist4ever[Chapter 16] Ruber watched in satisfaction as parts of the freshly-butchered hydra roasted on no fewer than five separate fires. He had not expected, given the environment, to be able to have such luxuries as roasting spits, but such was the advantage of having a griffon accompanied by iron men with hands of steel; it had not taken much effort to find the things necessary to cook the bizarre creature. It disgruntled him that the curing of the meat would take too long to save it all. He paced among the fires where a select handful of cuts hung in what would be a painfully rushed process. The rest of the carcass remained in the canyon a fair distance from Ruber and his men. Over his shoulder, Ruber could see where the forest was indeed forest again. He preferred the view from the cliff; if his adversary dared to chance a fire, he would be able to see it and thus take his revenge in the night. The man sat down, stroking his chin pensively as one of his transformed sons brought him a strip of the meat to sample. He tore into the still-hot food, briefly noting that hydra meat had a rather bitter taste to it, and downed a massive chunk. As soon as he swallowed, he pointed at the monstrosity before him. \"Rendezvous with the wagons and tell them to press on,\" he commanded, \"They are to stop no less than one hour's ride from Camelot if we have not rejoined them before then. If the guards spot them before I can lead the attack, everything we've worked for will be for nothing and your brother will have died in vain.\" The metal soldier bowed and ran in the direction of the road, leaving Ruber to his thoughts. As Ruber finished the meat, he played and replayed what he had seen earlier. He knew the girl had disappeared into a hole in the ground and that she was not alone. What remained to be discovered was the identity of the man who accompanied her. Ruber knew for certain that it was not the pathetic squire whose father had been seeking a betrothal since Sir Lionel's daughter had been born. Ruber had personally nullified that possibility. Besides, the man had been clad in green- a peasant color, to be sure. A fragment of a memory shoved its way into Ruber's mind, and his hand clenched around the last scrap of meat. As far as he knew, it was possible- and utterly unacceptable. \"I'm starving,\" Cornwall whined. Kayleigh had come to realize that dragons had a dimension of pitiful to them that she had thought impossible. Her left eye twitched, and she could concede that Garrett had had a point about bringing them along, though she was not about to admit that aloud. \"I suppose,\" Devon replied, undoubtedly able to relate, \"We could hunt along the way.\" Kayleigh was relieved at the sound of the dragons' footsteps receding. She silently wished them a successful hunt and continued behind Garrett. The late afternoon sunlight filtered gently through the canopy above, creating a dappling of light and shadow that made the man much harder to see than in the sandstone canyon earlier. Kayleigh looked at her formerly blue tunic. She imagined that of anything that could describe her at this moment, 'presentable' was likely not it. She scolded herself for thinking herself lucky the man could not see her in her current state just as he planted his feet in the middle of a clearing. Kayleigh had just enough time to see that a stream ran along one side of it. \"This is where we stop,\" Garrett announced. At this, Kayleigh watched as the silver-winged falcon gave a few chirps and flew away. \"Stop?\" Kayleigh asked, secretly grateful for the opportunity to rest, but much more concerned with the mission at hand, \"But what about Excalibur?\" Garrett walked over to the edge of the stream, where a variety of colored plants grew, \"It's not a good idea to travel through the Forbidden Forest after dark. Not while healthy and especially not while injured.\" Kayleigh stared at the blind man as he rooted through the plants, knowing she ought not to protest, \"Well I did,\" she argued in spite of herself, \"And my father, Sir Lionel, most certainly would have as well.\" Garrett stood bolt upright and was instantly well across the boundary lines of decency. Once again, his disregard for appropriate distance reminded Kayleigh that he was, in fact, quite tall and muscular and capable of things of which she dreaded to think. She tried in her sudden fear to stammer an apology, but he interrupted, \"You're Sir Lionel's daughter?\" Kayleigh stared dumbly at the hermit as every other sense faded from her consciousness. Of every possible question in spoken language, he had to ask that one. In the pre-sunset light, his hair blazed, and her stomach sank with an inexplicable feeling. She shook the sensation aside as she remembered that she had a mouth… and a voice, \"You knew my father?\" The hermit stepped back, but did not stumble. He turned his face away, and Kayleigh thought she heard him mutter something she could not quite understand. She took a deep, silent breath and stepped forward. This needed explaining, \"Did you know my father?\" Ahead, the man once again turned to her, \"You wouldn't believe me if I told you.\" \"Is that so?\" Kayleigh challenged him as her anger bubbled up, \"Need I remind you that we have spent nearly half of today in the company of a two-headed dragon? I have little doubt that however you knew my father, it will be almost as believable as this story will be when I relate it to Arthur in Camelot.\" \"Fine,\" Garrett shot back. Kayleigh thought she could see him bracing himself, but bit her lip so she would not interrupt him. Finally, he spoke, \"I used to live in Camelot. After I lost my sight, your father trained me. He-\" The man did not get to finish. Kayleigh dashed forward, grabbing his tunic, \"You were my father's squire?!\" \"Y-yes,\" he choked as Kayleigh released her death grip on his clothing. \"Why didn't you come to reside with my mother and me?\" Kayleigh questioned, unable to contain what was bursting forth, \"We thought you were dead! What happened?\" She searched his face as she came out of her impassioned flurry of speech. There was a deep sadness written on his features, \"Garrett, what happened?\" He tensed and turned around, gesturing for her to follow, \"Your injuries need to be treated, don't they?\" Kayleigh followed, catching on that he did not want to press the matter. Her mind was racing and her front teeth were digging into her lower lip. She was going to ask the man to explain as soon as she had another opportunity. Kayleigh wondered what her mother would say if she knew- \"Here,\" Garrett's voice interrupted Kayleigh's thoughts and she could see that his arm was outstretched in her direction. In his hand was a generous bundle of odd purple leaves. \"What are those?\" Kayleigh asked, taking the bundle and examining a leaf. It felt strangely smooth and strong for something that moved like a large feather in her hand. She held it up to the light. It was almost clear and seemed to glitter with what looked like small dew droplets inside the leaf itself. \"It's beautiful,\" Kayleigh breathed. \"I'll take your word for it,\" Garrett replied. \"I'm sorry!\" Kayleigh tripped over her words, \"I did not intend-\" \"Don't apologize,\" Garrett interrupted, \"Just clean yourself off and put it on your open wounds.\" Kayleigh grunted her affirmative and crouched by the stream. She reached to remove her tunic, but stopped. She looked over her shoulder and saw that Garrett had turned around. She shook her head, but was grateful he had done so; even after everything that had happened, she was still not comfortable being any further undressed in front of him, even though she knew he would not have any real way of knowing. She placed her tunic on the ground beside her and used her shirt to wash away the blood that had accumulated on her body. Once she was satisfied that she was sufficiently clean, she placed a leaf on one of the cuts she had accumulated. She shivered as the dewdrops in the leaf began to glow and a gentle, radiant heat enveloped her body. She watched in awe as the leaf disintegrated from the inside out, leaving behind only a thin ring around the wound. Kayleigh guessed the ring would have been a scar under different circumstances. \"Hopefully you won't need to get used to it,\" Garrett's voice made Kayleigh flinch. She had not realized the sound that was coming from her mouth. \"Er,\" She stammered. Looking over her shoulder again to see that he had not turned to face her, she became aware that the warmth had not left her face, but seemed to be intensifying so that her cheeks felt as though they were burning, \"H-how- er… Do you know how they work?\" Over her shoulder, she could see Garrett shake his head, \"Only that they work until dawn after they're picked and that they can't heal what's scarred over.\" Kayleigh grunted a reply and placed the rest of the leaves over her wounds, reveling in their gentle heat before washing her clothing in the stream. She quickly scrubbed away the encrusted blood from her shirt, which was long enough to reach almost halfway down her thighs, and wrung out the water. She slipped it on, shivering as a light breeze pressed the damp cloth against her skin. She repeated the process with her tunic and pants before she finally stood, wrapping her belt around her waist, \"Thank you.\" The man grunted, \"I'll take watch tonight. We don't need to set up much.\" Kayleigh raised an eyebrow, \"Are we not having a fire?\" Garrett shook his head, \"If Ruber's still alive, he'll be staying on the cliffs at the edge of dragon country. Lighting a fire now would be like painting our clothing in archery marks. Tomorrow, maybe, but not tonight.\" Kayleigh stepped toward a large tree on the other side of the clearing and placed her satchel beside it, \"How do you know what Ruber would be doing?\" She sat down, turning just in time to see Garrett stiffen. \"I knew him before he turned traitor,\" Garrett answered coarsely as he set to rationing his food, \"He often visited my mother for dinner whenever he was in Camelot, but he and I never got along. His status as a knight and his visits ensured us a few luxuries, so I stayed out of his way.\" Kayleigh stifled her initial shock. It stunned her that the traitor could have been respected so many years ago. Of course Ruber had been a knight- a knight of the Round Table no less- and would have been respected as such before… Kayleigh shook her head, \"It must have been a shock when he-\" \"By that time,\" Garrett interrupted, \"My mother had been dead for about two years. I had nothing left in Camelot, so I came here.\" Kayleigh offered her condolences before she opened her satchel and surveyed the contents. From the amount of food that had been packed, she had no doubt that Garrett fared much better in this forest than in Camelot. She sifted through the food, \"How long do you think it will take to reach Camelot?\" \"A week,\" Garrett answered, \"Maybe a few days more depending on how far out of the way Excalibur is. I don't think it'll be far out of the way. No matter what, you won't starve here.\" \"Thank you,\" Kayleigh replied, carefully separating her food into nine piles. Each day's ration was small, but would suffice with room for a few more divisions if needed. To Kayleigh, the small ration of dried meat seemed like a feast. A screech from overhead announced the return of a silver-winged falcon. She watched as Aiden flitted around and barely managed to swallow her food before she asked, \"How did you find Aiden?\" She repacked the obviously handmade satchel and placed it gently by the tree where she intended to sleep. Garrett chuckled, \"I didn't. He found me not long after I got here.\" Kayleigh watched as the falcon's wing caught the light, sending a tiny spark around the camp. On the other side of the camp, Devon and Cornwall returned from what appeared to have been a humiliatingly unsuccessful attempt at hunting, \"Well, that little nuisance has hardly been helping us ,\" Devon commented miserably, \"It's been chasing off everything we almost manage to catch.\" \"It'd be nice if the bird would let us do what we set out to do,\" Cornwall added plaintively, \"But having a useless half doesn't help, either.\" \"I could not agree more,\" Devon added, \"and in uselessness, you are most certainly paragon.\" Kayleigh glanced at Garrett, but was surprised to find him smiling. After what she had learned, it was nice to watch him smile as he continued, \"And somehow, he taught me how to survive out here. With Aiden as my eyes, I can survive pretty much anything out here. Look, we'll show you.\" As if the falcon understood the man's intent, it chittered and flew past him, chirping for him to follow. Kayleigh stepped into the forest after the two. She could still see the camp in the dimming light as Garrett stopped, pointing in the direction of one of the plants that had attacked Kayleigh earlier. He stepped forward until he was a body's length away from the plant. \"You see,\" Garrett said as he took up his quarterstaff and planted his feet, \"I take my position,\" He turned his focus to the plant, \"Face my fears,\" He prodded the flower, which opened to reveal the club-like stem, \"And I hold my ground until the last possible moment ,\" His voice was a whisper now, \"Waiting for Aiden's signal.\" At once, the plant shot forward, Aiden screeched, and Garrett side-stepped the attack, hitting the plant just as he had earlier that day. As the plant slowly recoiled, Garrett turned around and tossed Kayleigh the quarterstaff. Kayleigh was caught off-guard and fumbled, but caught the stick as Garrett strode confidently toward her, \"What is this for?\" Garrett gestured to the plant, which seemed to be gathering itself for another round, \"You try.\" A thrill of nervousness ripped through Kayleigh, but she steeled herself and stepped forward, \"Alright.\" She repeated what he had said as the hermit guided her stance, \"I take my position, face my fears, and wait for the last possible moment. That should be easy.\" She saw Garrett slowly backing away out of the corner of her eye and tried to focus on the plant. It shot forward and she moved, raising the stick. She realized her mistake just as the plant dodged her attack and sent her careening backwards. She was not sure when Garrett stepped over to catch her, but in the early moonlight, and in her slightly dazed state, he looked oddly familiar, though Kayleigh's weary mind fought to place where she had ever seen a man like him before. \"You moved too soon,\" Garrett told her gently. Kayleigh searched his features without replying. Where had she seen him before? Before she could place it, she found herself pushed from Garrett's arms by a very familiar two-headed dragon. \"Pardon us,\" Devon began with a note of embarrassment in his voice. \"Isn't it a bad time for that?\" Cornwall finished, completely unconcerned for anyone's feelings, \"This doesn't look like a good place to hatch a nest.\" \"We are not,\" Kayleigh began. She stammered the rest of her rebuttal and fell silent, glancing out of the corner of her eye at Garrett, whose face glowed pink in the dim light as he explained that he was teaching the girl to fight and nothing more. Not wanting to make things any more awkward, Kayleigh stayed on opposite side of the dragon from Garrett for the remainder of the night Author's note: Whew! This one was almost late! I had it written out and ready to go, but while I was proofreading, I realized the dialogue didn't flow right, so I took out that chunk and rewrote it into what we have now. Critiques are always welcome! See you next week, Flautist4ever[Chapter 17] Once again, Kaleigh awoke to Garrett prodding her in the side, though this time, it was with his hand as opposed to his walking stick when they had first met. She locked her hand around his forearm and stood, brushing off some of the grass that stuck to her clothing. A slight mist had set in overnight, and she blinked sevral times before realizing the cause of her slightly obscured vision. She yawned, not bothering to cover her mouth as the unladylike behavior would not be stopped. She was still tired, but not as sore as she had been the previous day. She still had managed to have nightmares, though she reasoned that was normal enough. \"Good morning,\" The hermit greeted her as he pulled the maiden to her feet, \"sleep well?\" Kayleigh decided to answer cheerfully, having grown more used to the man's demeanor, \"Never better.\" She waited for the man to add a witty reply, yet none came. The man stepped past her, picking up his satchel, \"Let's go, then. No time to waste.\" Kayleigh picked up her own satchel and followed him, \"Lead the way.\" As they started away from the camp, Kayleigh found her still-tired mind thinking that something about the man had changed. She shrugged it off and kept moving. Behind her, Devon and Cornwall were already arguing. Kayleigh tuned it out and focused on her surroundings. The early morning sunlight was beginning to chase away the slight mist from earlier, and the dew was evaporating with every step. Ahead, Garrett was following their strange avian guide's intermittent chirps. The man said nothing as he lightly scanned the ground in front of him. Kayleigh forced herself to pry her eyes from him and scan the trees above, which seemed as though they might have been pillars to hold the sky in place. She could not even hope to see their topmost branches. The Forbidden Forest seemed much more vast than she had imagined as a small child when her parents had warned her about it. It also seemed much more peaceful. She could understand why Garrett had stayed. She heard Aiden give a warning screech and Garrett's footsteps come to a sudden halt. She stopped midstep to see him standing in front of a chasm. It was wide enough that three people stretched out would not bridge it, but was still narrow enough that they could climb down and travel through. She could see that it would be a long, fatal, and fearful fall for the poor soul who did not reach the other side. \"Is there a way across?\" She asked her guide. \"I can get across,\" Garrett answered, a pensive note to his tone, \"And even if they can't fly, those two should be able to manage. It's you who might not be able to make it. We should go around. It'll slow us down, but not by more than a day or two.\" \"Absolutely not!\" Kayleigh exclaimed. It was stupid to protest a measure taken for her own safety, but as she looked at the ancient tree on her left, which had roots that stretched and twisted into and above the chasm and branches that nearly reached the other side, an idea formed. It would be difficult, but she knew she could manage, \"I can make it! This tree-\" \"I know,\" Garrett interrupted, \"Even vaulting from the roots, I can barely manage it.\" \"If I climb most of the way along the branches,\" Kayleigh explained quickly, \"I can make the jump. There are several branches that are almost long enough to bridge the gap entirely. I think they will hold my weight for most of their lengths.\" Garrett turned his head toward the canyon, where Aiden once again fluttered across and gave a chirp. The man tilted his head, apparently judging the distance. She thought she saw him cringe before he answered, \"I'll cross first. If you don't make the landing, I'll try to help you. The dragons can cross after you.\" \"Very well,\" Kayleigh agreed, \"As you wish.\" Garrett nodded and climbed up on a massive root nearly as tall as Kayleigh. He took his staff above his head and seemed to wait. Kayleigh blinked, and an enourmous vine shot out from the tree's branches. It wrapped itself around the man, and Kayleigh screamed as it recoiled with a force that looked as if it would break Garrett's back. Before she knew it, he was flying through the air. He kicked out his legs and landed on the farthest root. His torso seemed to sink entirely into his legs before he bounded forward, propelling his weight with the staff. He landed gracefully on the other side before Kayleigh's stunned eyes. He calmly strode to the edge of the canyon and crouched, \"I'll help you up if you fall short!\" he called across the distance. Kayleigh shouted a hasty answer and climbed up on the root, backing up as far as she could and preparing to dash. The vine shot out before she had prepared herself. Everything blurred as she sailed forward. Her wits returned just in time for her to grab one of the branches. Using her momentum to swing forward, she let go and reached for the next branch, barely catching it in time to pull herself on top of it. It wobbled slightly beneath her weight as she carefully stood. As she forced herself to dash forward along it, she felt as though she was going to plunge into the abyss and her fear swelled such that it might consume her. She steeled her nerve and gave a slight bounce before she dropped down, grabbing the springy limb. She let go as it recoiled and propelled herself forward as frantically as she could. The air rushed past her and her heart pounded. Surely she should have landed by now! This was the end! She had fallen short. She wanted to open her eyes and get her last glimpse of daylight, but they would not open. Her right shoulder slammed into a solid, decidedly human mass that let out a pained shout as the momentum drove them both away from the canyon's edge. Her limbs contorted in strange and unpleasant ways as she rolled, entangled in what she knew had to be Garrett. Her back burned as she finally skidded to a halt, panting in pain and exhilaration. On top of her, Garrett coughed and seemed to try to disengage his own limbs. A heavy thud from a fair distance told Kayleigh that Devon and Cornwall had completed their own crossing. Finally, she opened her eyes and assessed her situation. She was grateful not to be in the presence of other people; this was a very compromizing position. She carefully slithered out from under her guide as her face flushed. \"Er,\" she stammered as she scrambled to her feet, her embarassment showing through as she tentatively rubbed her pained shoulder, \"S-sorry... that I... I didn't mean to-\" \"You're alive,\" Garrett murmured as he pulled himself to sit on his knees. Kayleigh ducked under one of his arms and helped him to his feet. He quickly turned away, callously brushing past her, \"We should get going. With luck, we'll be able to cover more ground while Ruber and his men bypass that chasm.\" \"Yes,\" Kayleigh quickly agreed, trying not to be any more awkward, \"Of course.\" Thankfully, the rest of the day passed uneventfully, though Kayleigh made a point to remain silent until they made camp in another, somewhat smaller clearing surrounded by high, colorful bushes. She placed her satchel where she intended to sleep before turning to face the man. She needed to get away and think for a while. For the first time in hours, she spoke, \"Garrett, I am going to see if there are any edible plants around. Should I gather some firewood while I am away?\" \"No need,\" came the man's reply as he loudly snapped a branch from a nearby bush, \"You can eat these.\" \"Oh,\" Kayleigh replied, cringing as her disappointment showed through her voice, \"How wonderful!\" \"You don't have to worry about earlier,\" Garrett reassured her as he stood and walked to the middle of the clearing with a small bundle of sticks, \"You're alive and that's what matters.\" She watched as he arranged the sticks into a careful pile well away from any of the bushes, \"I just thought- I wanted to apologize for embarassing you.\" The man turned to face her, scratching the back of his head as a barely visible shade of pink spread across his narrow features, \"Is that it? That's why you've been avoiding me since...?\" Kayleigh felt laughter bubbling up, \"Why would I not apologize for knocking you down?\" Garrett walked over to her and placed a gentle hand on her shoulder. Kayeligh did not flinch away from the touch as he replied, \"I should apologize for doubting you.\" A strange giddiness reared its head as the man waited for her to respond. Kayleigh studied him a little more. His narrow chin seemed to point to his broad shoulders and muscular chest... Kayleigh shook her head and ducked away from him. She had no business in becoming any more attached to him than she already was. Finally, Kayleigh spoke, \"I did not mean to be so improper...\" Garrett returned his attention to attempting to light the fire, \"Nor did I...\" Kayleigh trudged over to where she had placed her satchel, but left it closed. She was not hungry. A rough hand shook her awake. Kayleigh sat and drowsily wiped her eyes as Garrett calmly explained himself, \"Aiden caught a rabbit. I thought you'd like to share a fresh meal.\" Kayleigh started to refuse, but an unpleasant sound from her stomach belied anything she could say. Ignoring her stammered protests, Garrett pulled her to her feet, his voice gentle, but determined, \"That settles it.\" He led her, though she hardly needed it, to where the kill was already almost fully cooked over the fire. Kayleigh sat in uncomfortable silence for a while before finally asking, \"How did you learn to prepare that?\" It was a stupid question, she knew, but lately silence was unnerving to her. Garrett chuckled grimly, \"You learn these things when you're hungry. Besides, a long time ago, I watched a butcher in Camelot-\" Kayleigh could not stop herself, \"Watched?\" She covered her own mouth a little too late, watching as Garrett's blank, sightless gaze almost met her own. \"Did you think I was always blind?\" Garrett asked, his tone almost amused. A smile began to form on his lips and it looked almost like he was trying not to laugh. Kayleigh looked away, embarrassed, \"Well... I- I suppose so...\" She hesitated. Asking would be an intrusion into what was probably a sensitive subject, but her curiosity overwhelmed her. \"How did it happen?\" She blurted, unable to rein in her need to know. Garrett took the rabbit from the makeshift spit and began portioning the meat, looking suddenly much older as he explained with a strange fondness, \"I was a stable boy. My father wanted me to support my mother in Camelot, so he had me apprenticed to the farrier there. I was young, so my work was simple: cleaning the stalls, grooming the horses, bringing my master tools... I was about seven when he gave me my first important job. It was a harsh winter, so I was to stay the night in the stable and tend the forge so the horses would stay warm.\" He handed Kayleigh her portion, which she accepted politely as he continued, his expression distant, \"I was bringing another log to add to the fire. Somehow I tripped, and the log landed in the furnace and scattered some embers. I put out the stray ones, but they'd scattered farther than I thought. Before I knew it, the whole stable was alight. I rushed to save the horses, but the one farthest back- a draft mare that had never been any trouble before- was too spooked to get out. I tried to save her, but she reared. I saw her hoof coming towards me. Then nothing.\" Kayleigh stared dumbly at him as he finished his story, \"It took several weeks, but the burns healed. My eyes never did. The farrier wouldn't take me back after what happened, so I tried to run errands for a living. That is, until your father found out about me.\" Kayleigh smiled, \"He chose well.\" Now, in the firelight, Garrett's seemed much less threatening than before. Kayleigh kept her gaze on his face, waiting for his reaction. She realized that she could see the faintest indention in his cheek just below where his hair covered his eyes- a scar she had never noticed before, but certainly not a new injury. Before she realized what she was doing, she brushed aside his hair and traced one side of the scar with her fingertips. Garrett flinched and gently removed her careless hand from his face. His calm actions did not entirely mask the disappointment in his voice as he spoke, \"I don't think he would have chosen me if he knew the man I would become.\" The words frightened Kayleigh in a way she did not quite understand. \"Then come to Camelot,\" she implored, placing a hand on his shoulder and looking into his eyes. Her stomach flew as she realized the boundaries she had just crossed, and she weighed her next words carefully. \"If we return Excalibur together,\" Kayleigh tried to keep her voice steady even as her nervousness shook her entire being, \"Arthur will make you a knight!\" She tried with everything she had to control her breathing, \"You're already as good as any knight in Camelot!\" To her surprise, the man turned his head. She leaned to try to see the expression she knew he was hiding from her. Of the many emotions Kayleigh had heard from him, she never expected the bitterness that dripped from his next words like rotten slime, \"There's no place for me there. I can't go back.\" \"Garrett,\" Kayleigh pressed, knowing she had hit a nerve, \"You are wrong.\" \"Kayleigh,\" his voice was irritated, but the maiden was not going to let herself be intimidated by it. Suddenly, he jerked slightly backwards, his shocked expression turned in her general direction. When he continued, his voice held a shocked and distressed curiosity, \"Didn't the king tell you how Ruber escaped?\" It felt as if her innards had fallen down a chasm, leaving Kayleigh's body to remain gazing at her blind companion. She did not know what he was about to confess, but she knew it would be an unpleasant truth, \"Garrett,\" She breathed, bracing herself for whatever she might learn, \"What happened?\" The man stood, and Kayleigh's hand trailed down from his shoulder to his hand. He gently clasped her slender fingers in his own muscular hand. Kayleigh delicately placed her other hand on top of his, and he tightened his grasp, though not painfully. She recognized the dispair on his face as he spoke, his voice strained as though he were trying not to weep, \"I was tending the horses in the royal stables. There were footsteps running towards me. Ruber told me to bring his horse so he could get help. I smelled blood and believed he told me I was a traitor and struck me down.\" He paused, taking in a shaky breath, \"When I woke up, I learned the truth...\" Kayleigh felt her hands clench beneath his. She did not realize until he had gently guided her to the ground that she was swaying from dizziness. Her vision went blurry, and she could only make out his last two words, \"I'm sorry.\" She closed her eyes and pressed a hand to her forehead, trying to make sense of it all. When she sat a little straighter to look around, she saw that Devon and Cornwall were fast asleep. She felt her face burning, and pulled her hand away in surprise. She had not even realized that she had been crying. Kneeling in front of her, Garrett was holding her up with a gentle hand on her shoulder, concern written plainly throughout his expression. Kayleigh placed a firm hand on the man's forearm, her decision made. When she spoke, her voice was strong and though she knew he would not see it, her eyes sparkled with determination, \"For what it may be worth,\" she began, her voice growing in intensity as she pulled herself closer to him, \"I still trust you.\" She stood and clasped his hands as she added, \"And nobody in Camelot should have any reason to doubt your loyalty.\" She did not flinch away as he gently embraced her; she simply accepted it, secure in the confirmation that they were comrades. Author's note: UPDATED! I feel much better about this chapter's ending. What do you guys think? Critique is always welcome, and if there's anything you'd like me to try to do with this story, let me know so I can try to work it in. Thank you guys, Flautist4ever[Chapter 18] The next day, the group set out as the first rays of dawn streaked the sky. Kayleigh, though barely awake, was happy to be moving again. She again had not slept well, but found herself growing more comfortable with her companions... She pushed the stubborn thought to the back of her mind, gradually pulling herself into focus as the morning wore on. For hours, nobody spoke, but Kayleigh found herself enjoying the sounds of the forest, which was getting less and less frightening as time wore on. It was around noon when Aiden began fluttering about madly and chirping in a way that first unnerved Kayleigh, and then elated her. \"Aiden's spotted Excalibur!\" Garrett exclaimed, dashing forward. He stopped just short enough to reach out for Kayleigh's hand, \"It must be near!\" Kayleigh placed her hand in his, \"Let's go!\" She took off behind him, jubilant that they would return the sword as quickly as their feet could possibly carry them. Kayleigh was surprised at how nimble Garrett wove through the tight path lined with giant brambles on either side, but she did not care how the large thorns tore at her clothing. She stopped short as the brambles opened into a clearing. Something was wrong. Aiden hopped along an indent in the ground and flew back, dropping a tether-like object into Garrett's hands. From his vantage point, the man crouched behind a high shrub, poised like a cat in the tense moments before the pounce. His eyes were locked onto a singular target, and all the beauty around him blurred in his periphery. Not even the slight warmth of the day made its way into his consciousness. His entire being existed for one purpose. In the center of his vision, his arrowhead traced his target as if it, too, sought the same ends as the man controlling it. Ruber watched as his enemy turned around as if confused. He allowed himself a grin; it had been a good idea to track her from a distance. Even if she did not have that cursed sword, she would be easy to overtake. If he aimed clearly and disabled his target, he would have his revenge, the sword, and Camelot within days of each other. His prey moved to one side and another head poked up from an indent in the ground. Ruber's blood ran cold. He had almost forgotten about that detail. How was that boy still alive? Ruber forced himself to focus once more; he regained his hold on his bow, gripping his arrow anew. He would make sure that that man in particular did not live much longer. Besides, it appeared that ending the boy would cripple the girl better than any physical injury Ruber could inflict. He bit back a grunt of disgust at the thought. The tension between the string and his fingers was echoed in his heartbeat. He gazed at his target, deciding whether to go for the kill or to mortally wound so he could watch the boy's life fade from up close. Ruber made his decision and pulled the bow tighter as he checked his aim, knowing he could not afford to miss. \"Time to finally end this hiccup in the family line,\" Ruber allowed himself to whisper as he made the final calculations. \"Where's the sword?\" Kayleigh asked uselessly as she paced the clearing again, her nerves bubbling up uncontrollably. Garrett looked up from where he crouched on the ground, \"If we follow these tracks, we'll-\" Kayleigh was in a panic now. Her mind fogged and a terrible throbbing took over, \"This is your fault!\" She accused the blind man as he prodded along the edges of the indent. Somewhere in her mind, Kayleigh knew she was being irrational and tried to make herself stop. \"My fault?\" The man exclaimed as he stood, pacing toward Kayleigh, who was too panicked to fear offending her guide. \"Yes,\" Kayleigh accused, unable to make any sense of her own actions, \"If we hadn't stopped-\" Aiden began to flit around the clearing, screeching wildly. \"Quiet!\" Garrett shushed Kayleigh as he tilted his head as if listening to something far away, his expression blank. Garrett's command went ignored, \"I have to save my mother!\" Kayleigh exclaimed frantically, her nerves consuming her so that it was as if a spoiled child had assumed control of her being. \"I need to hear!\" Garrett shot back. There was a whooshing sound, and he fell forward with a scream. Kayleigh had just enough time to see that Garrett was bleeding from his side. As if time had stopped, she realized that he had been shot. They were not alone. \"Get them!\" Kayleigh heard from behind the clearing, snapping her attention into real-time. It was Ruber and he had two minions with him. Kayleigh gasped and ran to help Garrett. She was too slow and Ruber made it to the man in green first. Kayleigh watched in terror as Ruber lifted his sword to strike, the sunlight glinting from his blade casting a terrible light onto his features. Garrett swung his staff into Ruber's head, knocking the traitor to the ground for just enough time that Kayleigh could reach her injured guide. She lifted him so that she half-carried him on her shoulders. She shuddered as she cast a downward glance to see the blood seeping from Garrett's side, staining her own clothing. She ran to the edge of the brambles, a last, desperate idea forming in her mind. She carefully set the hermit on the ground and jumped as high as she could as Devon and Cornwall escaped the thick bramble patch. She grunted as she seized a branch in her bare hands, crying in pain as thorns dug into her palms. She dragged the tendril to one side, gritting her teeth as if it would help. \"Devon! Cornwall!\" She cried, fighting back the tears of pain and fear, \"Can you weave these together?\" As if in reply, the dragons intertwined another branch with the one Kayleigh held. She dragged Garrett backwards again. She reached for another tendril, but stumbled backwards as she realized that a new factor played in her escape: the branches were intertwining themselves as Ruber and his men hacked at the other side. Kayleigh was not about to question it now. She half-hoisted Garrett onto her shoulder again and stumbled as fast as she could while carrying the injured man. She fought to keep a manageable pace, knowing time was short. As soon as she was well out of sight from the bramble patch, she grabbed the sleeve of her tunic, crudely tore off a strip of the blue fabric, and tied it against Garrett's side. She chanced the time to look for purple leaves, but could find none. Kayleigh prayed desperately that the man would live as she hobbled through the forest away from the path, the search for Excalibur forgotten for the moment. Her fear mounted as she wandered through the forest, looking for the distinct, magical leaves as she struggled under Garrett's deadweight. \"Aiden,\" She cried as a drop of rain landed on her head, \"Which way do I go?\" It was an inane move, but Kayleigh was desperate. As if the bird understood, it fluttered in front of her and darted ahead, chirping frantically. Kayleigh readjusted her hold on Garrett and stumbled after the falcon with renewed haste. She trampled through the underbrush for longer than she had hoped before the forest gave way to a pool with a waterfall on the far end. Kayleigh felt an insurmountable relief flood her as she saw that the pool was ringed with the plants she knew would heal the man. She mustered as much strength as she could and followed the glimmer of silver in front of her as the rain began to fall in its full force. The falcon disappeared behind the waterfall and Kayleigh followed, laying Garrett against a wall in the cave behind the cascade just as a flash of lightning split the sky. She dashed out of the cave, grabbing as many of the translucent amethyst leaves as she dared. She shivered as she reentered the cave. The sight of the strong, hardy man she had come to respect brought to death's door made the cave's frigid chill even worse. She shook herself and dashed to his side once more. She leaned over the man and whispered, \"Please, don't die.\" She unfastened his belt and untied the binding she had put on the wound before carefully removing the man's tunic and shirt. Even in the darkness, she could tell the wound was bad. Her heart raced as her mind cleared and her emotions blurred. She carefully worked to wipe the deep cut clean but to no avail. She attempted in vain to close the wound before placing the leaves in a way she hoped would stifle the bleeding. She choked as she watched the man's injury. The leaves were not working yet, and Kayleigh could not see the tiny beads of magic within them. A fresh wave of despair rocked her core as she wondered if they would work on such a loathsome wound. She cried as she rifled through both satchels for something- anything- she could use to close the terrible gash, but found nothing. She finally resigned herself to the grim reality and sat next to Garrett to check his breathing. It was ragged and shallow, and a thin stream of blood dripped from a corner of his mouth. It was a hauntingly familiar and unwelcome sight. Kayleigh cried as she watched, unable to do anything more. Her tears flowed against her will, though she did nothing to stop them. This was her fault, and now her friend, who should have been left peacefully away from this conflict, was going to die because she could not control her nervous chatter. She opened her eyes in shock as a rough hand gently brushed against her own. She clung desperately to Garrett's hand as she waited for the leaves to heal him. A fresh wave of guilt enveloped her as she watched him tremble, braced against the cave wall and gripping her hand in deathly pain. She pressed his hand against herself, hugging his arm, \"Please,\" She repeated, though it was an imploration now, uttered through a voice that would not remain steady, \"Don't die. I can't do this without you.\" Kayleigh realized too late that she was babbling again, \"I'm sorry. It was all my fault. I was prattling on like an idiot when I should have been quiet! I'm no help to anyone!\" His rough hand slipped from her grasp, but before she could react, she felt it make its way to her tear-soaked face, gently wiping away the persistent streams from her eyes, \"Shh, ssshhh,\" the man weakly interrupted, \"Look at the sky and tell me what you see.\" \"W-what?\" Kayleigh sputtered. Surely the man knew there was nothing to be seen in the rain! This was the last scene she would want to describe to anyone- let alone this man whom she had come to- She opened her mouth to question him when his hand dropped from her face. She caught it and held it firmly. He placed his other hand on top of hers, \"The sky, Kayleigh, describe it to me. Please.\" Kayleigh could not refuse his pleading expression. The rain could wait for another day. \"The whole night is lit with moonlight,\" She began, her voice becoming stronger as she realized for the first time how handsome the man truly was, \"And the stars, Garrett, glitter like rare jewels on a sky of finest silk.\" Before she could continue, Garrett's hand again found its way to her face and slowly, almost tenderly, traced her every feature, \"See,\" the hermit whispered as he tried to pull himself upright, only to fall back against the wall. Kayleigh caught him and laid him gently back, cushioning his head with her hand before she pressed herself closer. He gently entwined his fingers in her short hair as he continued, \"I can see through your eyes, you know.\" Kayleigh wrapped her arms tightly around him, bittersweet tears streaming from her eyes. At that moment, a gentle wave of heat filled the cave. Kayleigh looked to the ghastly wound. It was gone. Neither party said anything more as they clung to each other. The soft rattling of the falling rain lulled Kayleigh to sleep in Garrett's arms, silently praying that their embrace could last forever and let her remain with him eternally. Author's note: I am a lot more confident in this chapter than last week's chapter (which has been extended and now ends on a much better note, in my opinion). I hope you guys enjoy it and I should have next week's chapter out on time... This is where we hit a little bit of a problem: although I had it done through chapter 25, I was re-reading what I had and felt like it was complete garbage. Naturally, the chapters demanded re-writes. Because I am really busy in life right now, I may have to slow down the upload schedule or take another hiatus, though I really hope it doesn't come to that. I hope to get enough time on my computer this weekend so that I can get another chapter (or hopefully two or more) done and keep the schedule, but I can't make any promises. I can promise that I will not leave this story unfinished, but it's not going to be particularly soon- even on a regular upload schedule, I predicted it would be finished in mid-to-late May... As always, critiques are welcome! It's very hard to hurt my feelings and I legitimately want to improve. If something doesn't seem right to you, point it out and I will see if I can fix it. Hopefully I'll be able to get some writing time, Flautist4ever[Chapter 19] Ruber laboriously pulled himself from the massive bramble thicket. The enormous thorns had torn through some of his armor and given him some deep cuts. He had given up trying to slash his way through the thicket as soon as he realized that the more he cut away, the tighter the thorny tendrils wrapped around him and his men. He pulled himself the last arm-length and fell to the ground outside of the thorny entrapment. He lay, panting as first his men, then the damned griffon emerged in much the same manner. His fury mounted and his breathing intensified as he brushed away some of the blood dripping from his face. He rolled over to get up, pausing when he realized that he had a choice to make. To one side, trampled undergrowth dotted with flecks of dark scarlet denoted the path the plaguesome* wench and that blasted hermit had taken, but ahead, gigantic tracks told him where he would likely find Excalibur. He weighed his options carefully. Though he hated to admit it, he was nearly helpless in this wilderness and the weapon-men of which he boasted were not faring much better. The forest, he reasoned on that note, would likely kill those two nuisances for him- surely the boy would die from his wounds and the girl would meet her fate without his protection! Ruber glanced at his men, who seemed to be regathering their meager thoughts. The griffon seemed to have one of the thorns in its hind foot and was alternating between trying to remove it and snarling at the bramble thicket. He stalked over to the animal and unceremoniously yanked the thorn from its pad. The griffon screeched in pain, but Ruber unflinchingly stared it down. \"Do we find our adversaries or take Excalibur,\" Ruber hissed as the griffon tested its weight, \"Advise me.\" \"Why do you ask me,\" The griffon snorted, \"when you are going to be king?\" Ruber grabbed the creature's ear and yanked it to his level, \"You are the reason we are in this forest! You decide how much longer we stay.\" He shoved the creature away. \"There is a possibility that our adversaries have survived,\" the griffon answered as it rubbed its ear, \"but they will not return here for at least another day. We may be able to retrieve Excalibur in time to take over Camelot by the time they make it there to warn Arthur if we follow the trail.\" \"Then that is what we will do,\" Ruber replied. He resented it- he wanted to see the boy dead and the girl captured first- but he knew that he had to do what would serve his ultimate objective. He dusted off his armor and addressed his sons, \"We follow those tracks. If we happen upon the girl, the hermit, or both, the man is to die and the girl is to be kept alive for now. What you do if they have the dragons is at your discretion. We go now!\" Ruber and his men set off, following the giant tracks they knew would lead them to Excalibur and victory. The sunlight shone through the forest, casting dappled shades of green and gold mingled with the dark shadows of branches. The cascade in front of the cave glittered with its clear water, reflecting the many hues of the forest in a rainbow mist that spread across the pool. By the pool, which reflected the mist like a turbulent mirror, a woman with dark hair that did not quite reach her shoulders sat contemplating the beauty around her. Kayleigh basked in the warm afternoon sunlight, allowing herself to enjoy this brief moment of rest. After some earlier deliberation, the group had decided to rest for a day unless Ruber followed them. Garrett was in the shadowy part of the cave, still recovering; apparently, though the wound was sealed, he was still affected by the blood loss. Aiden had flown away earlier (Kayleigh could not claim to know the falcon's intentions), and the dragons had gone to hunt; therefore, Kayleigh was alone with her thoughts. She sprawled on the warm stone beneath her, shielding her eyes with her arm as she contemplated recent events. She could not ignore what she felt, that much was certain. Yet, she reminded herself of the tumultuous nature of the past three days; it was not impossible that she was confused. Further, her responsibilities as Sir Lionel's heiress meant that even if Garrett returned to Camelot with her, they would likely go their separate ways, though it would not be impossible... Kayleigh sat up at the sound of approaching footsteps from the cave's direction. She scrambled to her feet and met Garrett by the cave's entrance, \"Are you alright?\" The man smiled the most handsome smile Kayleigh had ever seen in her life, \"Yes, thanks to you.\" Kayleigh watched as he smiled slightly wider, leaning on his walking stick as if hesitating. Finally, he spoke again, \"Would you like to train with me?\" Kayleigh tilted her head in confusion, \"Now? You should be recovering.\" Garrett chuckled, \"That goes a lot faster when magic is involved.\" He stepped forward, reaching out for Kayleigh's hand, which she offered willingly. His one hand tightened around hers as he tentatively reached for her face. His calloused fingers were gentle as he felt along the contours of her face. At last, he added with what sounded like a hint of sadness in his voice, \"Besides, we don't know how much longer you'll be here, and the forest taught me some techniques Ruber won't know. I'd like you to know them, too, if we have to fight him again.\" Kayleigh sighed, pulling away so he would not feel the heat from her slight embarassment, \"You're right. Should we train here?\" \"I don't know,\" Garrett began, placing his other hand on hers, \"Describe the layout. I know where the cave and the pool are.\" Kayleigh looked around, trying to take in as much as she could of her immediate surroundings and distinguish what information would be useful, \"On the end of the pool opposite the cave, there's a log that stretches from this side of the pool to the other. On the other side, there's a tree with some low branches, but past that, there's a clearing that looks like a good place to train...\" She looked back to see what the man thought of her description. He smiled, \"Then that's where we'll go.\" He tightened his grip on her hand, \"lead the way.\" Kayleigh nodded and stepped forward, pulling gently on Garrett's hand to tell him where to go. She looked back as she moved toward the log. Garrett was still feeling along the ground with his staff, but not as much as he usually did. She carefully stepped onto the log, exaggeratedly raising her hand to let him know he would have to step up. Garrett caught on quickly and let go of her hand, allowing her to balance. She made her way across the bridge-like structure, stopping at the end, where she again took Garrett's hand and stepped down, pulling a little further so that he knew to duck the branches. Finally, she led him into the center of the clearing, realizing with a thrill of satisfaction that she had not failed him. She looked at him, and saw that he was smiling. He slightly tightened his grip on her hand, \"Well? Are you ready?\" Kayleigh nodded as she replied, \"Yes. What did you want to teach me?\" At her question, Garrett released her hand and walked freely around the clearing. Kayleigh watched as he made his way to... Why had she not seen the pod earlier?! She panicked, \"Garrett, it's one of those pods!\" Nonchalantly, the man turned his head to her, \"Perfect.\" He gestured for her to join him, and she complied. He reached around her with his quarterstaff in one hand, \"Put your hands by mine and move like I do.\" Kayleigh grunted and placed her hands accordingly, matching Garrett's hold on the weapon. Without a further word, the man widened his stance and edged towards the plant, Kayleigh copying his every move. There was a slight impact as he prodded the lavender bulb resting on top of the roots. Kayleigh echoed his defensive posture as the enormous armored petals unfurled to reveal the plant's striking appendage. The stem circled in midair and drew back slightly. Kayleigh's hands instinctively tightened around the staff. The plant began to go forward and Kayleigh instinctively tried to swing the weapon, but in Garrett's grasp, it did not move. At last, he smoothly dodged out of the way, taking Kayleigh with him and swinging the quarterstaff to land a firm blow on the offending vegetation. Releasing the weapon and Kayleigh, Garrett stepped back, allowing the plant time to recover. \"You're anticipating the attack,\" He explained as the maiden also stepped out of the odd flower's range, \"Which isn't bad, but you move too soon, and that gives your opponent time to counter your attack.\" Kayleigh payed rapt attention as he continued, \"So you have to wait until the last possible moment, and don't let your body go tense or you'll move at the wrong time.\" Kayleigh nodded, \"Shall we try again?\" Garrett stepped forward and the two once again assumed a fighting stance. As the plant waved around, Kayleigh fought to keep her hands from tighteneing around the quarterstaff. The plant shot forward, and Kayleigh waited just a heartbeat longer. As if she and the man were one, they spun out of the way and countered the plant's strike. As the stem retreated behind its armored petals, Kayleigh turned to face Garrett. \"I did it!\" She exclaimed, \"We did it!\" Garrett smiled, opening his mouth to answer, but a distinctively familiar voice from across the pool interrupted, \"Excuse us, but since the green one has recovered, might we know our plan of action?\" Kayleigh started forward, guiding the man as she had before, \"I thought you two were hunting!\" \"We were,\" Cornwall answered, shooting Devon a disgusted look, \"But useless here can't be quiet long enough to catch anything!\" Kayleigh saw Devon open his mouth to counter and decided to interrupt before they spent the rest of the day bickering, \"I will share some of my food with you, just wait for us to get over there!\" Without waiting for the dragons' reply, she and Garrett made their way across the pool. \"So what're we going to do now?\" Cornwall asked gruffly, scratching the ground in front of him with his front foot, \"I don't think we're on track to finding that sword anymore.\" \"Aiden left to follow the tracks and find a way that we might still be able to reach it before Ruber does,\" Garrett answered, \"He'll lead the way and we'll follow him as quickly as we can possibly move. If we find Ruber, we're not going to fight him if we can run and possibly get ahead. If we have to fight him, our goal is to make sure he has to slow down.\" Kayleigh nodded in agreement, a new determination welling up. By the time Aiden returned, she and Garrett had gathered some plants to supplement their small rations of dried meat. Kayleigh lay down against the cave wall, resting after Garrett informed her of the results of the falcon's search. They would have to leave before dawn and not stop until the sun was fully down, but they would be able to beat Ruber's pace if they made the most of their time. Kayleigh closed her eyes as Garrett made his way to the other side of the cave, musing about his sudden concern for prudence... She swiped the thought from her mind and drifted off to sleep. Author's Notes: *Plaguesome is a word of my own invention- at least as far as English is concerned. I was listening to a video in Norwegian ( watch?v=M6-dgvxt7S4) and really liked the sound of the word \"plagsomt\" meaning \"pesky\" or \"distressing\". Originally, I was going to use a different word that was actually a word, but then I figured that if, in modern English (even if it is slang), \"ratchet\" can be an adjective, then so can \"plaguesome\". As for why this is uploaded so late at night, I have been at a music conference and therefore extremely busy. I finished this chapter not ten minutes ago and will probably be proofreading it in retrospect. As always, critique is welcome. If you like this chapter, please give at least one specific reason why so I know what to keep doing; if you don't like this chapter, please give a specific reason so I know what not to do in the future. If you have anything you'd like to see me do with the story, send me a private message and I will get back to you. Thanks in advance, Flautist4ever[Chapter 20] The stars shone brightly in the sky above, illuminating the forest below in cold moonlight as bright as day. The air was slightly chilly as the small group progressed noiselessly, their breaths revealed by short puffs of steam that quickly vanished in the night. At the front of the scanty cluster of odd individuals, a man crouched to trace an enormous indent on the ground, his hair falling over his narrow face. He made no move to swipe the troublesome locks aside as he ran his hand along the edge of the print. He felt the dirt beneath his fingers, his posture relaxed and pensive as if he were making a decision. Without speaking, he pointed to the track and gestured for his companions to follow. They skirted the edge of the track as they continued, the first streaks of dawn beginning to light up the east. As they moved, the soft grass gradually thinned away until the ground was an endless expanse of gravel and rocky outcroppings. There were no longer any tracks to be seen, but that did not seem to quell the group's determination. As the man pressed forward, his long strides purposeful but not frantic, his companions, a woman garbed in blue, and a two-headed dragon, followed his lead wordlessly. A falcon with silver wings flitted in front of the man, giving a warning chirp as it did so, and he tentatively felt along the ground with his quarterstaff. Using the long stick to gauge the distance of the small drop in front of him, he climbed down without a great deal of difficulty before turning to help the woman with the waist-high ledge. He offered his hand, which she gently accepted as she jumped from the edge, landing gently next to the man. Kayleigh smiled, releasing Garrett's hand as both stepped away from the ledge so that the dragons could make their own jump which, clumsily, they did. Kayleigh turned to continue, but just as she reached the edge of a particularly tall outcropping of boulders, a flash of red in the distance caught her eye. She shrank back behind the massive stone, trying to keep her breathing quiet as she pulled Garrett lower, whispering to him what she had just seen. \"Are you sure?\" he whispered as Kayleigh poked her head from her hiding place to get a better view. Kayleigh squinted. He was quite far away and she was confident that he had not seen them, but there was no mistaking the traitor, even from this distance. \"Yes,\" Kayleigh breathed, \"I'm certain.\" She dared to check again. Her heart pounded. He was standing still, gazing in their direction. From the distance, his glittering emerald eyes locked with hers and her heart pounded in terror. He started to walk towards the boulder behind which Kayleigh, Garrett, and the dragons hid. She turned to Garrett and grabbed his hand, \"He's seen us! What do we do?\" Garrett tightened his grip, bringing himself to a standing position, \"We run for it. You lead the way.\" \"Are you sure that would work?\" Devon interjected, lowering his half of the conjoined body to the ground. \"Yeah,\" Cornwall added, arching his neck, \"last time we only escaped because I knew the escape route.\" \"Excuse me-\" Devon began. \"Stay here then!\" Kayleigh shouted, steeling herself to run for her life and Garrett's, \"We've got to go! We'll lead them away from you!\" With that, she and Garrett dashed from behind the rock and hurtled forward as Ruber's hideous, mangled soldiers gave chase. Kayleigh glanced over her shoulder. Ruber and the griffon had not been fooled by the distraction; Devon and Cornwall were fighting for their lives. Kayleigh glanced at the man, knowing all too well what he had decided to do in this situation. She could not make herself leave the dragons. She skidded to a stop in the gravel, nearly falling over, \"Garrett, we can't let them die!\" \"Kayleigh,\" Garrett shouted, yanking his hand from hers and shoving her forward, \"go after the sword!\" Kayleigh drew her dagger, \"I'm not leaving you!\" Without giving the man a chance to protest, she threw herself at the monstrosity before her, no longer as intimidated by it as the thought of what would happen if she did not fight it. This one, which had an ax for one hand and an odd system of nubs for the other, swung at her with everything it had. She waited until it was mid-swing. With an explosion of movement, she threw herself forward, using the creature's massive arm to swing herself onto its shoulders. She wrapped her legs around its neck and looked for any weakness. There was a familiar screech of agony. She looked to her left in time to see Garrett fall to the ground. It was enough time for her own adversary to grab her by the waist and toss her aside. The gravel scratched and burned as she skidded across it, crying in pain. She looked up, expecting to see a glittering blade hurtling to dispatch her. Instead, the two black, iridescent abominations stood on either side of Garrett. The man had gotten to his feet and was trying to fight them. Kayleigh stood as a smack from the other soldier knocked Garrett down again. Her own adversary raised its blade to strike. She propelled herself with as much speed as she could muster as the lethal ax swung for a death blow. She dove forward, closing her eyes. She grabbed the man by his broad shoulders and rolled as far as she could, landing on top of him as the grating clang of metal striking rock rang in her ears. \"Kayleigh,\" Garrett panted as she lay on top of him, \"What are you-\" One of the monstrosities tried to pull her from him, but she gripped even more tightly to the man. For whatever reason, they were not going to harm her, and she was going to use that to the best of her ability. She glared wildly around, knowing she could not run and refusing not to fight. Ruber was pacing towards them dragging Devon and Cornwall behind him as if they weighed no more than a small child. She dug her fingers into Garrett's tunic and pressed herself more forcefully onto him as it became clear why the monstrosities had not harmed her. If Ruber needed Kayleigh alive, she would use her own life as leverage. Ruber gave her a disappointed glare, kneeling to look into her face, \"I must admit, I expected less trouble from the daughter of Sir Lionel.\" Ruber stood, contemptuously kicking the maiden in the side, making her roll from the impact. She took Garrett with her, making sure she landed on top of him again as Ruber continued, \"After all, you have no experience in matters of war. Am I wrong?\" Kayleigh glared at her father's murderer, seething in hatred, \"I learn more quickly than you assumed.\" She felt Garrett struggling for breath beneath her and pulled herself up a little, carefully shielding his body with her own, but never breaking eye contact with Ruber. The traitor raised an eyebrow, \"Indeed.\" His eye twitched slightly. There was a crunching of footsteps on the gravel as one of the monstrosities handed Ruber Kayleigh's dagger. He examined it, running a finger over the slightly dulled blade as he continued, \"You already know how to kill, do you not? And you know how to lose a loved one, do you not?\" \"And I refuse to allow you to rule the kingdom for which they died,\" Kayleigh spat, clutching the man beneath her as if he were her sole anchor to the world outside her fury, \"Camelot belongs to Arthur!\" Ruber laughed a bitter laugh, \"Just like your father. 'I will not serve a false king' he said.\" Ruber's stare burned into Kayleigh as she felt him sizing her up, \"You also seem to have inherited his mind to protect those who should be left to fate...\" Kayleigh once again pressed closer to the man beneath her, \"If you harm him, I will see to my own demise.\" Ruber tilted his head, \"And why would you do that? It is no secret that you feel some devotion to him-\" \"You need me alive,\" Kayleigh interrupted, her face growing hot, \"For whatever reason, you need me alive-\" Ruber grabbed Kayleigh's tunic and pulled her away. She tried to get a better hold on Garrett, but to no avail. She writhed and screamed as Ruber gruffly tossed her against the dragons. Ruber drew his sword and poised it over Garrett's neck, \"You still need to learn about being a prisoner, girl. I will not allow him to live unless you can prove him useful.\" Kayleigh panted as Ruber brought his sword up, \"He is waiting.\" Kayleigh panted, her mind racing as Garrett kicked and tried to evade his impending doom. Ruber placed a foot on Garrett's chest and raised his sword slightly higher. Finally, Kayleigh shouted, \"He knows what took Excalibur!\" Ruber shot her a disinterested glance as he hesitated for just a moment. She took another breath, \"And he can help retrieve it without getting anyone injured!\" She stared, her hands trembling as she braced herself against the cowering dragons. Her breath was coming in short, sharp bursts. Ruber nodded and lowered his sword. He took hold of Garrett's arm and tossed the blind man in Kayleigh's direction. Kayleigh stepped forward and caught him. His injuries were not severe, but his breath was coming in ragged gasps as she helped him to his feet. Garrett held onto Kayleigh's shoulders as the two monstrosities urged them forward. Kayleigh complied with their captors, gently leading Garrett along the trail. When the man had finally regained his breath, the maiden heard him whisper, \"Kayleigh... What have you done?\" Kayleigh wrapped her arms around Garrett, her breath shaky. In the quietest voice she could muster, she whispered into the man's ear, \"I'm sorry. I'll find a way out of this, I promise.\" Author's Notes: Okay, so I wanted to do something special for the twentieth chapter. Since the past four chapters were done with a goal of 2,000 words per chapter worth of story, I originally planned this chapter to be a 4,000-word monster full of drama, romance, reveals, and all that good stuff. So what happened? This was going to be the lead-in but then I realized this was the perfect place to go wild with it, and from there it pretty much wrote itself (in about an hour, I might add. All I've done since getting it out is tweak the language slightly...) That brings me to another thing that I would like you guys to tell me. I am at my 2,000 word goal with next week's chapter, but am only about halfway-to-seven-twelfths done with it. Would you guys like me to split it in two or give you that 4,000-word monster of a chapter? Either way, I'll have it finished in time for the next upload, so I really want to do whatever you guys want with it. As always, I would love some critique- especially on things I did wrong or not as well as possible- so that this thing can really shine in its last third. Thanks to DinoWriter23 and medievalist1 for their constant feedback; it has really helped me refine my ability to think as a storyteller. This story would not be what it's been without their support and advice. Thank you guys for twenty chapters, Flautist4ever[Chapter 21] The day dawned a miraculous shade of blue as a much larger assortment of individuals trekked through a rocky, barren wasteland. At the front, two men seemed to silently argue about the pace; the older of the two prodding the younger as the younger slowed his movements even more, scanning the ground ahead with his staff as if said ground would disappear if not thoroughly probed. Behind them, a maiden dragged her feet with every step, her posture conveying a heavy despair. She was escorted- or rather, dragged- by two metallic beings that were easily twice her height. At the rear, a battered dragon with two heads was being herded along by a griffon that seemed to delight in further scratching and biting the reptiles. Kayleigh walked as slowly as she could muster beneath the mockingly blue sky, miserably trying to find a means of escape. The dismal situation had afforded no opportunities, however; neither she, nor the dragons, nor Garrett had had a chance to flee. The fact that Ruber's group kept a close guard on the captives did not make things easier. Ahead, Garrett followed Aiden while Ruber stayed uncomfortably close to the younger man, Kayleigh's own dagger poised at the hermit's back in case he tried to escape. He moved stiffly as Ruber tried to urge him faster. Ruber crossed sides, briefly eclipsing Kayleigh's view of the man she had desperately tried to protect, and seemed to say something to the man in green. Kayleigh saw Garrett's whole frame tense as he sped up slightly. Ruber turned his head for a split second, gesturing for the others to increase their pace. Kayleigh grunted as her guard shoved her slightly forward, but she refrained from speaking. Beneath her feet, she could feel the rocky ground through the soles of her boots. If Garrett had told her correctly, they would be retrieving the sword from an ogre's den- and the harder the ground nearby, the closer the den would be. Kayleigh put one foot in front of the other, allowing herself to get lost in thought. It looked as though the fearsome beast would be their key to escaping. She decided to bide her time until then. It occurred to Kayleigh, as she allowed he mind to wander, how similar the men in front of her looked. They stood the same height, and their strides covered the same distance. There were differences, though, in their builds: Ruber's musculature had accumulated through a lifetime of careful training, while Garrett had the slender, compact muscle attained through years of day-to-day survival, but the frames underneath... the maiden was fairly certain that the men had been made- if only physically- from the same mold. With a jolt, Kayleigh realized why Garrett had seemed so familiar when they first met. She bit her lip and forced herself to stay slumped over, trying to keep her shock concealed. She let out a cry as a sharp pain sliced through her ankle. The maiden landed with a heavy thud on the rocks just in front of her. She looked back, her heart racing and an idea forming. Her foot had caught in a sudden indent. She pulled her foot from the crevice, wincing as she turned it at an unnatural angle. A gentle hand landed on her shoulder. She looked up, and an instant wave of suspicion overtook her. \"Are you alright?\" Garrett asked, his sightless eyes staring into nothingness though his face showed sincere concern. Kayleigh pushed her sudden distrust aside; this was still the man she knew. Before Kayleigh could respond, Ruber yanked Garrett away, throwing the man to the side, \"Never do that again, boy!\" Ruber turned his attention to Kayleigh, \"And you! Get up!\" Kayleigh rolled over, trying to push herself to her feet, but allowing her \"injured\" ankle to yield every time she attempted to put weight on it. Finally, she seethed, prolonging every syllable with audible loathing, \"I cannot. It must be broken.\" Ruber looked down at her, his bored eyes glittering like grass coated in morning dew, \"You will find a way to walk.\" Kayleigh removed her boot and ripped a long strip of cloth from the shirt beneath her tunic. She wrapped her ankle firmly, gritting her teeth as though in pain. Finally, she replaced her boot and tried again to stand. This time, with some cringing, she pulled herself to a standing position and limped a few steps forward until she stood directly in front of her captor, \"It will suffice, but I will not be able to manage your pace.\" Ruber turned on his heel, casting a disapproving glance over his shoulder, \"You will keep up.\" A smirk crossed his narrow face, \"After all, you are merely feigning your injury.\" The traitor knight lifted Garrett by his arm and pushed him ahead, \"How much longer until we have the sword, boy?\" Garrett lowered his head, \"Late afternoon, perhaps morning, if we don't make it there before sunset.\" Ruber tilted his head, \"And why would that be important, boy?\" \"Ogres sleep in the day,\" Garrett answered, his matter-of-fact tone wavering slightly as he continued, \"If it sees us on its territory at night, we risk-\" \"Then we move now,\" Ruber commanded, interrupting the younger man, \"and we do not stop again until we have reached the entrance to the ogre's den.\" The fiend glared at Kayleigh as he finished, \"Understood?\" Kayleigh returned the traitor's glare. The half-moon lit the sky as the group continued into the night. True to his word, Ruber would not allow the group to stop until they arrived at the entrance to the ogre's lair- even against Garrett's insistence that it would be better to hide somewhere for the night. Instead of following the hermit's advice, they were continuing the trek, completely exposed in the rocky wasteland. The ground rumbled, and a chill ran up Kayleigh's spine, making her pause. \"What was that?\" she whispered as she looked around wildly. The smug expression on Garrett's face was not comforting, \"Just the ogre.\" Around them, even Ruber's minions seemed nervous. Devon and Cornwall cowered as the Griffon tried to make them stand, savagely biting the dragons' side. Another, closer disturbance made Ruber himself take his eyes off of his captives, and Kayleigh edged closer to Garrett, grabbing his hand. A massive shadow fell over the group, and Kayleigh glimpsed what looked like a mountain as it tossed something into the air, apparently unaware of the intruders on its territory. \"Look out!\" Kayleigh shouted just a second too late. Without thinking further, she dashed forward, knocking Garrett out of the way as the thing landed on Ruber and his minions. She slithered backwards on the ground, her eyes wide with fear. On her right, another, smaller thing hit the ground, and she instinctively grabbed it. Ruber and the two monstrosities were trapped beneath a colossal skeleton, which had landed upright, anchored by its ribs to the ground below. Devon and Cornwall were still cowering, but the griffon was clawing at the massive rib cage, throwing every ounce of its substantial weight against the unyielding bone. Kayleigh saw her opportunity. She called for the dragons, who were only too happy to flee. Kayleigh turned and ran full tilt after the ogre, her hand locked in Garrett's. An arrow whipped by her ear, and she threw her weight to one side, changing direction and zig-zagging erratically through the field of boulders. When she could run no more, she pulled Garrett to a stop behind one of the boulders, her breath coming in gasps. Finally, she spoke, still panting, \"Garrett, what do we do now?\" Kayleigh looked at the object that had fallen earlier. She gasped, realizing what she held. \"This is Excalibur's scabbard!\" the woman exclaimed, holding it up and examining it, \"The ogre must still have the sword.\" The man leaned heavily on his walking stick, \"We have to reach it before Ruber does. We'll get to the den and wait there until morning, then we'll get the sword and head for Camelot as fast as we can.\" \"We can't fight an ogre!\" Devon protested, \"That was a dragon it ate! We'd be nothing to it!\" For once, Cornwall only nodded. \"If we're careful,\" Garrett answered, his face thoughtful, \"We won't have to fight it. If we wait for it to fall asleep and make no sudden noises, we'll be able to sneak in, find the sword, and sneak out.\" \"Then we have our plan,\" Kayleigh agreed, taking a deep breath, \"We should go before Ruber catches up. That skeleton will not hold him forever.\" She handed Garrett the scabbard, \"Here, take it.\" Garrett felt along the sheath, his expression confused. Before he could protest, Kayleigh added, \"I trust you.\" She took Garrett's hand once again, and they started in the direction the ogre had taken. It was nearly dawn when they reached the entrance to the lair. Kayleigh marveled at the sheer size of the entrance, which was easily tall enough to accommodate a castle tower. Beside her, Garrett released her hand and began to feel his way ahead, his quarterstaff's soft clicking the only sound Kayleigh could hear. He stopped, turning around to gesture for Kayleigh and the dragons to follow. Behind the maiden, Devon lowered his head, his voice almost a squeak, \"We cannot go in there! We will be eaten!\" \"You don't have much longer, either,\" Cornwall added fearfully, \"if you go...\" Kayleigh looked at Garrett, her doubt seeping up. He seemed unaffected by the possibility of danger. Could she really trust him? She pushed the thought away. That question, she reasoned, had been answered the moment she first followed him through the unfamiliar wilderness. Kayleigh squared her shoulders and joined the man at the entrance. \"You two hide and keep watch,\" Kayleigh told the dragons as she took Garret's hand once more, \"When you see Ruber, come find us. If we get the sword before you see him, we will find you.\" The dragons nodded and hid behind one of the boulders between the path and the entrance. Holding onto Garrett's hand, Kayleigh began to edge her way along the wall of the massive corridor. As she moved, she became aware of several cramped fissures behind her at irregular intervals. She was careful not to lean too much against the wall, should she fall into one. Finally, the corridor opened up into an immense cavern that was easily ten times the size of the entry corridor. Garrett let out a slight grunt, and Kayleigh realized that she had been involuntarily tightening her grip. She looked around, there was what looked like a table constructed from trees, among other hulking structures that vaguely reminded her of things she had once been used to seeing around her own house. Across the cavern, light filtered in through what she reasoned was a window. There was not sign, however, of the ogre itself. \"Garrett,\" she breathed, \"I don't see the ogre. I don't think it's here.\" The man replied, his voice even quieter than Kayleigh's had been, \"He's here. I can smell him.\" Kayleigh returned her attention to the vast cavern, searching for any sign of the inhabitant she knew had to be there. She though she saw a flicker of movement and focused her attention on the spot. As she stared, she began to make out indefinably human features that seemed to be carved from the cavern itself. She blinked, and the figure moved, raising its arms above its head with a massive roar. Kayleigh shrunk back, pressing both against the wall and Garrett in preparation to run and hide. Instead of charging, however, the ogre reclined, resting its massive head against the wall. Kayleigh watched as its shining golden eyes flickered shut and the creature rolled over with a rumble. \"It fell asleep,\" Kayleigh breathed, daring to step a little further into the cavern as she did so, \"But I don't see the sword yet.\" \"We have until Ruber finds this place,\" Garrett reminded her, \"It won't wake up as long as we're quiet.\" Kayleigh made a soft sound of acknowledgement and scanned the cave again, looking for anything that might resemble Excalibur. She stepped forward, but there was no ground beneath her feet. She bit her lip to keep from screaming as she fell. She landed with a slight rustling in what felt like a tight, springy haystack. She examined herself, and was luckily uninjured. Around her, the hay-like material thoroughly covered the ledge like a soft, woven rug. Above her, Garrett leaned over the ledge from which she had fallen, \"Kayleigh, are you alright?\" \"I am unharmed,\" Kayleigh replied, looking around on an instinct. She peered over the edge of the new ledge. The springy material was indeed woven and covered two more drops. Steps, Kayleigh realized, that were covered with enough of the woven carpet to make it safe to jump down from each one. She returned to where Garrett still waited at the first drop. She reached up, but the drop was nearly twice her height and she could not reach the man, \"These are steps,\" She whispered, \"There are three of them, but this is the only one you'll have to jump to reach. The others are covered in something we can climb.\" Garrett moved closer to the edge, \"How far is the drop?\" \"Nearly twice my height,\" Kayleigh answered, her voice trailing away as something shined in the corner of her eye. She looked toward the glimmer and her breath caught in her throat. \"Garrett,\" She choked, trying to keep her voice low, \"I've found Excalibur.\" \"Where is it?\" Garrett asked, dropping from the ledge and stumbling slightly on the thick, springy material. Kayleigh put his arm over her shoulder while he regained his balance on the admittedly treacherous ground. \"There's a massive table by the wall,\" She told him as she she tried to figure out how to retrieve the sword and get out of the cavern, \"If we climb onto the table, we can get the sword, but getting back out...\" She scanned the wall by the table more intently, \"There's a ledge! if we can climb onto it, we can make our way to another opening on the other side. But it must be a twenty-foot drop... Together, we're not tall enough to reach it.\" Garrett, having regained his footing, walked to the base of the ledge from which they had come, \"If I help you over this ledge, can you get the dragons to help?\" Kayleigh nodded, not sure how she would, but determined to do so anyway, \"I will.\" Garrett widened his stance, locking his hands together, \"No time to waste.\" Without hesitating, Kayleigh placed her left foot in his hands, bracing herself on his shoulders as he lifted her up. She reached for the edge, but was just an arm's length too short. She looked down and carefully lifted her right foot, placing it on his shoulder and being careful to avoid hurting him. He stood a little taller, and she placed her left foot in the same manner. She reached up again. She was just short of having a good enough grip to climb up. After a moment's hesitation, she lowered herself slightly, \"Garrett, I'm going to jump.\" The man nodded and braced himself. Kayleigh returned her attention to the ledge and bent her legs, carefully judging how much force she would need to use. It did not seem to require a great deal to give her the few inches she would need. She held her breath and pushed off as lightly as she could, using her arms to pull herself up just enough that she could use her legs to push herself the rest of the way. She leaned over the edge, \"I will be back.\" She waited just long enough to see Garrett nod his head before she dashed back to the entrance, keeping her heels raised and her body low so that she made as little noise as possible. She raised her hand to shield her eyes from the blinding sunlight as she looked for the dragons. A speck of purple appeared behind a rock and she dashed over to it. \"Have you gotten the sword?\" Devon asked as Kayleigh slid behind the rock, the snake-like head giving a uncannily human expression of concern. \"Can we get out of here?\" Cornwall added gruffly, though Kayleigh could hear the dragons fear. Kayleigh braced herself, then answered, \"We know where the sword is, but we cannot reach it without your help.\" Instantly, both dragons recoiled, crouching to the ground. Kayleigh could see that their shared body bore deep scratches and cuts from earlier, and a wave of guilt washed over her. \"Please, if we could possibly retrieve it without you, we would.\" The dragons shuddered as they exchanged a look. Finally, Devon nodded, \"We will help you, but if the ogre wakes up, we will make our escape.\" Kayleigh wrapped her arms around both heads, \"Thank you.\" She pulled away, taking the time to further thank each the dragons before she stood. She turned and led the dragons into the entryway. Behind her, the dragons moved warily, as if every crevice held danger. Finally, they arrived at the steps where Garrett waited. Kayleigh jumped from the edge, landing easily on the springy material below. She took the man's hand, \"They'll help as long as the ogre stays asleep.\" Garrett nodded, tightening his grasp on Kayleigh's hand, \"Lead the way.\" Kayleigh stepped forward, deciding whether to jump to the next step or guide the man down on a quieter climb. A soft, ominous clanking made Kayleigh's decision for her. She quickly squeezed the man's hand and whispered, \"we're jumping from this one and the next.\" He nodded, and Kayleigh bounded forward, taking Garrett with her as she landed on the next step, rolling and springing down onto the floor of the main cavern. She ducked under Garrett's arm and ran to where the table reared several stories into the air above them. She looked over her shoulder. Ruber was at the top of the stairs, his face a mask of confusion and fury. It oddly satisfied Kayleigh that the traitor knight could not audibly vent his frustration, lest he invoke the fury of the monster that inhabited the cave. She returned her attention to the table- and more importantly, how to climb it. The table itself seemed to be held together with ropes- each easily twice as thick as Kayleigh herself- that spiraled up to the top. Kayleigh jumped onto the lowest section of rope and tested its hold. As soon as she was satisfied that it would support everyone, she knelt and helped Garrett climb onto it. The dragons had little trouble climbing the tightly-woven rope that easily gave them clawholds. Kayleigh took Garrett's hand and carefully ascended along the rope, hugging the table leg so neither would fall. Slowly, the tabletop grew nearer, much to Kayleigh's relief. Below, she could see Ruber climbing with the griffon. Kayleigh realized that the griffon's wings would have made too much noise even for Ruber to risk. She returned her attention to the task at hand. Carefully, she reached up and swung herself onto a stretch of rope suspended between the leg and a gap where she could make it to the top of the table. She turned around, straddling the rope so that she could help Garrett onto it. Slowly, they made their way far enough along the rope that Devon and Cornwall could climb onto it. Just as Garrett reached the top of the table, the rope began to wobble. Kayleigh looked back, her eyes wide with fear as Ruber hacked at the thick fibers with his sword. She looked forward and climbed with as much strength as she could force from her tired limbs. As the last of the thick fibers gave way, Garrett's hand wrapped around Kayleigh's wrist. A wave of relief washed over her as the man dragged her up and away from the edge. She gave him a quick hug and turned to help the dragons, but they had already clawed their way onto the tabletop. Kayleigh gestured to where Excalibur lay, and then to the ledge above, \"While I get the sword, you two get onto that ledge and help us up. We'll leave through the window over there, and then we run as far into the forest as we can manage. Got it?\" The dragons nodded and bounded away as Kayleigh and Garrett ran for the sword. Behind them, the soft beating of wings told Kayleigh that Ruber had thrown caution aside and was making his move. She forced herself not to look back and dove for the sword, grabbing the hilt just in time for Ruber to land in front of her. Without thinking, she rolled to her feet. Kayleigh gritted her teeth and pointed Excalibur at Ruber, keeping her voice as low as she could, \"Come no closer!\" The traitor instinctively reached for his own sword, and Kayleigh stepped backwards, her voice wavering though she kept her defensive hold on Excalibur, \"If the ogre wakes, everyone here will die.\" In the reflection on the sword, she could see the Dragons helping Garrett onto the ledge. Kayleigh snapped her eyes up to match Ruber's glare as he snarled, \"You have nowhere to go.\" Kayleigh stepped backwards as the man advanced, his confidence thinly veiling his hatred, \"Just hand me the sword, girl, and-\" At that moment, Kayleigh's back hit the wall behind her and her foot scraped the table below. She flicked her eyes up and jumped, locking her hand around Garrett's outstretched forearm as the dragons pulled the two people onto the ledge. Without further hesitation, the odd group ran for the window ahead. Kayleigh glanced over the edge, her heart nearly stopping as the griffon took flight with Ruber seated on its back. She took Garrett's hand from her own and put it on the dragons' back, \"Keep going. I have an idea.\" Garrett reached out, seizing Kayleigh's hand again. \"You're not going to wake up the ogre,\" He hissed, tightening his grip, \"You'll get us all killed.\" Kayleigh shoved Excalibur into the sheath tied at Garrett's hip and tried to pull her hand from his, never slowing from the breakneck pace, \"Just take the sword and go. Don't worry about me.\" The man tightened his grip and picked up his pace, dragging Kayleigh behind him. Finally, he whispered between harsh breaths, \"I can't do that.\" Kayleigh stared, almost stumbling a few paces. She looked forward. They were so close to the window. Could they make it without rousing the ogre? Ruber was close, too. Kayleigh closed her eyes and added a fresh burst of speed, taking the man with her and nearly leaving the dragons. She felt warmth spread through her body as she made it to the windowsill. She opened her eyes and skidded to a halt, staring at the drop below. She looked over her shoulder, where Ruber threatened to overtake them. On an instinct, the woman shoved Garrett onto Devon's and Cornwall's shared back and urged the dragons forward. She clung to the man in green as air sped past at speeds she had not known could exist. \"Open your wings!\" She screeched, closing her eyes again as the ground grew steadily nearer, \"Try to fly!\" Everything pitched forward as the dragons obeyed, the descent almost stopping as the massive wings unfolded and caught the rushing air. The maiden opened her eyes. They were a fair distance from the rest of the forest, but in the distance, a castle rose above the land, seemingly untouchable in its splendor. She wondered whether that was Camelot or if she had just gotten her entire group killed. Her arms tightened around the man seated in front of her, and at his surprised exclamation, Kayleigh decided that they were alive- if only for the moment. She looked back. Ruber was nowhere to be seen- apparently gone to retrieve his minions. Kayleigh shifted to a more comfortable position as they glided along; it would take some time before the traitor could catch them, and she had no qualms about that fact. Author's comments: Whew! This was a fun one to write- though I am pleasantly surprised that I even managed to get it proofread. I decided to aim for a 4,000-word chapter this week, since last week's chapter was shorter than I wanted my 20th chapter to be. So what's the word count? According to DocManager: 4,141 (without Author's Notes) According to : 4,060 (Also without Author's Notes) Obviously, bigger isn't always better, so critique is especially welcome regarding this chapter. Next week's chapter is going to be- hopefully- some relaxing fluff with quite a bit less drama and hopefully some cute moments. I'm open to suggestions and ideas on what to include. If there's something you'd like to see done, I want to hear about it. Finally, I will be able to keep in touch with you guys all day today (the day I upload this chapter) but tomorrow, I will not be online for the better part of the day because I have several out-of-town errands to run, as well as a college interview (please wish me luck; this is a huge opportunity I never thought I'd have) to attend. Thank you guys for sticking with me! Flautist4ever[Chapter 22] Kayleigh's heart soared alongside the dragons. Opening her eyes, the forest below seemed so small. The wind whipped past her, pulling her short hair in every direction as they flew just above a cloud below. She caught a glimpse of silver and looked to the side, where Aiden did not seem to approve of the situation. Kayleigh knew that she ought to be a little cold from the wind, though she did not feel the least bit cold pressed against the larger form of her guide. Decidedly, she never wanted this moment to end. She flinched slightly as an unexpected hand tentatively guided her forward. She moved in tandem with the touch until she was tucked under Garrett's right arm. She turned her head to speak, but her breath caught in her throat at the sight of his expression- one she had seen before, only this time unconcealed by the hair that usually obscured his eyes. Finally, she closed her eyes and pressed gently into his side, relishing his gentle hold on her arm. Devon let out a panicked shriek and the shared body lurched as Cornwall's wing flapped, disrupting the balance. Kayleigh was immediately flattened against the massive reptilian form. She barely had time to realize that Garrett had pressed his weight across her back and Everything heaved as the dragons faltered, plummeting- Kayleigh knew- towards the ground below. As the first snapping of twigs announced their descent into the treetops, Kayleigh felt a wave of nausea overtake her. Devon and Cornwall curled inwards, protecting themselves. Kayleigh felt Garrett's hold on the reptiles slip and his form begin to fly away. Somehow, the maiden caught the man's hand and pulled close as the forest sped by. She prayed that somehow this would not be the end even as Garrett's arms tightened reflexively around her. Pain shot through Kayleigh's back as she struck a sturdy branch. Her vision exploded into vivid colors before fading into nothingness from the pain. She was vaguely aware of it giving slightly before springing back, sending the desperate pair falling once more. There was another jolt and she heard Garrett let out a cry of pain before they fell again. The next impact knocked the woman breathless, rolling along the ground until she slammed against what felt like a wall. Kayleigh lay there, panting, as her senses slowly returned. She moved her hand along the warm mass sprawled across her lap, realizing with relief that it was Garrett. As she regained control of her limbs, she wrapped herself around him, glad to feel him breathing. She opened her eyes tentatively, blinking as shape and color seemed to bleed back from wherever it had gone. She felt Garrett's weight shift as he pushed himself up, freeing Kayleigh's legs as he did so. Kayleigh lifted herself to a wobbly stance, steadying herself against the tree while her head stopped spinning. She shut her eyes as her vision swam again. \"Kayleigh,\" she heard Garrett ask through the dull buzzing in her ears, \"Are you alright?\" Kayleigh opened her eyes, \"I think so. Are you unharmed?\" Her vision slowly focused and she took a few unsteady steps forward until she stood in front of the man, who was still hunched over, scanning the ground around him with his hands. Kayleigh gently put her hand on his shoulder, avoiding where he had been scratched during the fall, \"Garrett? What's wrong?\" \"I'm unharmed,\" the man replied, sitting up and placing a hand on his hip where Excalibur remained in its sheath. A smile crossed his face as he felt along the grip and hilt of the sword, \"Kayleigh, we still have the sword!\" Kayleigh took his hand, a childlike excitement rising from her core, \"We did it!\" She shot forward, wrapping her arms around the man, unable to contain herself as she inadvertently tackled him to the ground, \"I can't believe it! We did it!\" Below her, Garrett let out a strained chuckle as he ran his hand along Kayleigh's side. She waited for him to say something, but found herself pulled down and gently rolled to the side before he let her go. She lay on her back next to him, laughing freely for the first time in a long time. She felt his hand tighten around hers. \"There you are!\" Cornwall's voice interrupted. Kayleigh instinctively turned over, pulling herself into a half-sitting position as the dragons stepped closer. To Kayleigh's relief, they seemed unharmed, though their rough skin had a few scratches and Devon had a small gash above his eye. \"Are you injured,\" Devon asked, his head lowering and slinking closer to Kayleigh. The girl patted the dragon's head, \"We are unharmed.\" She gestured to Garrett, who was now standing, \"And look! We have the sword! We did it!\" At Kayleigh's proclamation, Cornwall's head slithered through the air to get a better look at the sword, \"This is the sword all the trouble was for? It doesn't look like much.\" Devon snorted, \"You astound me with your senselessness. Can you not sense its magical nature?\" Cornwall snorted, glaring at the other head, \"Perhaps if you would save our breath once in a while, I'd be able to sense a little more.\" Kayleigh stepped forward to try to stop another quarrel, but could see there would be no arguing with the dragons this time. With a sigh, she looked at Garrett. She was about to ask about their next course of action when she noticed that he had not moved his feet since standing. \"Garrett,\" She asked, realizing what was wrong, \"Where's your staff?\" \"It slipped from my hand while we were falling,\" Garrett answered, his face reddening as he added softly, \"there was something more important that I couldn't stand to lose.\" Kayleigh smiled, warmth rising in her chest, and took his hand. \"I'll be your eyes,\" she offered. Garrett smiled in response. \"Now what do we do?\" Kayleigh asked, looking around for the silver-winged falcon that she knew would have followed them down. As if on cue, Aiden fluttered from a branch, landing on Garrett's shoulder with an almost scolding chitter before appearing to confer with the man. Finally, Garret spoke, his voice scantily masking a depression that vexed the maiden, \"We're not very far from the end of the forest. Nightfall will see us only a few hours' time away from the road.\" Kayleigh squeezed his hand in excitement, \"We're really that close?\" Garrett nodded, his face contorting into an awkward half-smile as he replied, \"We haven't time to waste. Let's go.\" Kayleigh was surprised that Garrett had not said more as they walked through the forest; he only acknowledged her when she warned him about one obstacle or another. His newfound standoffishness perplexed the woman, given that he had been- although not particularly loquacious about it- loving in his treatment of her not a few hours earlier. A tug on Kayleigh's hand interrupted her thoughts. \"Kayleigh?\" Garrett asked as the woman guided him over a higher-than-usual root, \"Do you think we ought to stop soon? There's a stream nearby where we can get food and water.\" Kayleigh paused as he landed next to her. She wanted to get to Camelot as soon as they possibly could- Camelot, Arthur, and Kayleigh's mother all depended on it. A loud, unpleasant sound from Kayleigh's stomach answered for her. \"We need to get to Camelot as soon as we can,\" She tried to protest, though her insides persisted in the humiliating, atonal noisemaking. Garrett chuckled, \"You'll do Camelot no good if that gets you caught before you arrive-\" \"Don't you mean 'we' and 'us'?\" Kayleigh interrupted, her voice louder than she intended. Behind her, the dragons stopped short. Kayleigh could feel the uncomfortable reptilian stares burning her, but her attention was on the man beside her. Finally, she spoke more quietly, \"Garrett, we are returning the sword together, are we not?\" \"No,\" Garrett replied at length. The word rent Kayleigh's heart in two. The maiden did not hear the hissed excuses of the dragons as they slinked away, leaving her to face the man alone. After what seemed an eternity, Garrett spoke again with a sadness that nearly matched Kayleigh's own, \"You should deliver it. I-I don't belong in that world anymore.\" Another pause. \"But... If you... If you would, you are welcome to return to the forest...\" Kayleigh shook her head, taking Garrett's other hand, \"Garrett...\" She hesitated, hoping her next words would not be spoken in vain, \"If you do not come to Camelot with me, I will be sworn to a husband before Ruber is defeated again. You must come with me; Garrett, you belong in that world as much as I do.\" Garrett shook his head, pulling his hands away, \"Kayleigh, it will be better for Arthur that the sword be returned by a hero's daughter and not...\" Kayleigh stepped forward, placing her hand on Garrett's shoulder. She knew what she was about to say would sound foolish, \"Garrett, I know, and I have never questioned your loyalty. Arthur wouldn't either. It wouldn't be the first time an illegitimate son-\" Garrett shied away, his steps careful as he left Kayleigh grasping at the empty air, \"You don't understand. I'm not...\" He hesitated, and Kayleigh waited, knowing and dreading what he would say next. Finally, he turned around, \"I'm not illegitimate. I am that traitor's son, born of his lawful wife and raised his rightful heir... and the one who carries his family name...\" Kayleigh dashed around to face him, but was not prepared for the sight of his face. Tears of deep shame were streaming from his sightless eyes, dripping from his chin onto his tunic, \"How I wish I were anything else...\" Kayleigh could contain herself no more. \"I don't care!\" She cried, gripping his tunic as her next frenzied words spilled from where she had hidden them, propriety forgotten, \"I love you!\" She held onto him, breathless though not embarrassed, as she pulled him closer. It had slipped, and she was going to say what had to be said, \"I-I don't care that you're Ruber's son. I wouldn't care if you had no surname or were a Pendragon like Arthur. No man, squire or knight, who has sought my hand displayed nobility equal to yours.\" She held her breath and looked to his face, her heart sinking at the placid expressionlessness of it. She forced her hands to let go as a new form of despair shook her like never before, \"And- and Garrett, I would swear my love to you alone, if you would accept it...\" Her voice broke and tears welled like fire in her eyes. She knew she was a fool- little more than a silly child-, but here in the wilderness, what did it matter? At last, a rough, calloused hand started to wipe away her tears, then stopped. She tried to stop the hand from leaving, but moved too slowly. She swallowed and tried to watch the man's face through the watery blurriness that distorted her world. She thought she saw him reach for her again, hesitating, as he answered, \"Kayleigh, were I a man of honorable blood with whom being acquainted didn't threaten your reputation, I would brave this forest a thousand times to secure your affections.\" Author's Notes: Well, so much for fluff, I guess... And about 50 words short of my usual goal, but I couldn't think of anything more to write without it getting a whole lot more infuriating. Critique is really, very, especially welcome here (pleasepleaseplease) because I am not comfortable writing romance and would love to improve because people seem to like romance. On a completely unrelated note (and I'm sure most of you guys know this already), Leonard Nimoy has passed away at 83. I really enjoyed watching him in the role of Spock and am a fan of his directing style. I will probably be binge-watching StarTrek for a while and will be sad not to see any more of his projects. Live Long and Prosper, Flautist4ever[Chapter 23] The light of a waning moon filtered through the canopy above as a woman stalked through the forest, her footsteps carefully muted in the undergrowth. She paused, looking around as if she were aware of being followed. In response, a large creature ducked, not quite managing to hide behind a particularly dense cluster of vegetation. At length, she sighed and turned her attention to a substantially tall tree nearby. She jumped, wrapping her hands around the lowest branch and propelling herself up with her feet. She climbed in this manner for a distance before leaning against the sturdy trunk. Looking at the branch above, she seemed to size it up, her expression pensive. Below, the massive, two-headed creature seemed to abandon its intention of hiding, its footsteps crunching heavily on the ground. The woman looked down as the creature reared, leaning its forelegs against the tree. Finally, one of the creature's snakelike heads called out, its green eyes glowing in the moonlight, \"What are you doing?\" The woman sighed, tugging on the branch she had been eyeing as she replied, \"If he will not come to Camelot with me, he is going to need a new staff. I cannot make one as good as the one he lost, but...\" Her voice trailed off as she wrenched the branch free, the force of it momentarily unbalancing her. She regained her footing and dropped her prize onto a fairly clear patch of ground before beginning her descent, continuing with audible resignation, \"I tried to change his mind, but...\" She landed on her feet as both reptiles eyed her curiously. She picked up the branch, which was straight for most of its length except for a section near the larger end. Taking her seat on a nearby rock, she gritted her teeth and set to snapping the smaller twigs from it as she admitted, \"He is not wrong in his assessment of things. Arthur may trust him, but the people will not forget his father's wrongdoings so quickly- for ten years, he plagued them as a bandit... And if we courted and wed, my father's name would vanish to be replaced with that of...\" Kayleigh paused, toying with a piece of bark as her heart sank even more. She sighed again, \"He continues to look out for my wellbeing, I know-\" A nudge from Cornwall turned her attention to the dragons as Devon interrupted, \"Can you not return here? If he cannot follow you, perhaps you can make a life with him.\" Kayleigh leaned on the branch, but remained sitting as she wistfully replied, \"I am tied to my father's land as much as any serf. Without my father or a brother, leaving would mean my mother had to run things without an heir. What's more, my mother will not allow me to refuse another suitor after all these years. I would be as tied to him as to the lands- and not only by law, but by motherhood and responsibility.\" She looked down, searching for the words to explain. Finally, she stood, holding the makeshift quarterstaff, \"I'm prepared for that life, and I thought I was prepared to live it with the first man who would allow one son to carry on my father's name...\" \"Humans are much more complicated than us dragons,\" Cornwall said as Kayleigh's voice trailed away, \"Our parents stay only long enough for us to learn our names. We are only responsible for our own survival.\" The amber-eyed head shot Devon a look as he added, \"But perhaps we can continue to aid you. If you wish, we will leave the forest with you.\" Kayleigh tilted her head, \"Why would you do that?\" Devon slithered his head forwards, \"The forest outside of our old territory is unfamiliar. Our old territory is inhabited by those of our kind that have tried to eat us for most of our lives. If we go with you, you will protect us, and we may be able to protect you from the customs of your own kind.\" \"After all,\" Cornwall added, something of a grin forming on the reptilian face, \"We're ferocious, man-eating dragons, right?\" Kayleigh chuckled at the unexpected joke, but replied, \"I may not be able to protect you out there, among so many people.\" The dragons gave what looked like an attempt at a shrug and Cornwall answered, \"It's the best chance we've got.\" Devon raised his head, his snake-like tongue flicking the air, \"Perhaps we should return to camp; tomorrow will be a long day, after all.\" Kayleigh hesitated. She did not want her whereabouts to be questioned- as they inevitably would- if their return roused the man. It was a safe assumption as well, she reasoned, that she did not want to argue with him again. She knew her hopes would build with the hope that he would abandon his refusal. She also knew that if he remained adamant about his place that she would be forced to walk away, knowing the fate that awaited her in Camelot even as Garrett's parting words rang in her ears. After everything she had faced of late, she thought it pathetic that the thought was her most pressing fear at the moment. She let out a breath that she did not know she had been holding, \"Yes, we should go back now. Tomorrow's journey is going to be a long one.\" The dragons nodded and started back towards the camp. Kayleigh hesitated, holding the rough, makeshift staff and turning it over in her hands. She contemplated leaving it- surely without it, Garrett would be forced to go with her. She shook her head rapidly, scolding herself for the thought. She tightened her grip on it and followed the reptiles back to camp, grateful that they had the sense to move carefully and quietly, successfully avoiding the sleeping hermit. Kayleigh hesitated by Garrett's side. She knelt, considering the thought of lying next to him as she had done in the cave the night he had almost died. She watched the steady rise and fall of his side, painstakingly making her decision. Carefully so that he would not wake up, she laid the staff next to his hand and knelt beside him, hesitating a few moments longer. She pushed the staff closer to him and stood, walking silently to the other side of the camp. The dragons were looking at her, obviously confused. She sighed, keeping her voice as low as she possibly could, \"I've made enough unsolicited advances to last a lifetime. If he'll not do must be done,\" her voice faltered, and she finished, unable to regain control of it, \"so be it.\" Devon nodded, a look of understanding crossing his scaly face while Cornwall did not seem at all aided by the explanation. Kayleigh looked down and trudged the rest of the way to a nearby tree with spread roots. Without saying another word, she sat down and curled up between them, wiping stubborn tears from her eyes as she tried to let herself drift to sleep. The next morning dawned a dull, lifeless grey as Kayleigh sat by the edge of the camp. She had given up on sleep several hours earlier and was sulking in her own thoughts. It was pathetic, she knew; this was not the behavior of a noblewoman at the height of her prime, nor did it become a person who had just survived what had promised death, and it most certainly did not reflect the person Kayleigh's father had believed she could be. The woman sighed and grabbed her hair, trying to pull herself together. She stood and walked away from the camp. She had barely gone more than a few steps when her foot caught on a root. She flailed and caught herself, her free foot snapping a twig as she did so. Her heart sank as Garrett stirred at the sound. She held her breath, carefully turning her head, and hoped that he would go back to sleep. Her eyes widened as his fingertips brushed the staff she had left for him. For a split second, he seemed confused. He seized it, quickly rising to a defensive stance. \"Kayleigh,\" he breathed to where Kayleigh had first tried to sleep, \"I heard something. Get up.\" Kayleigh turned around, letting her steps rustle in the leaf litter. \"It's me,\" she told him, approaching carefully, \"I couldn't sleep. I didn't mean to startle you.\" Garrett relaxed and felt along the makeshift weapon, \"You left this?\" Kayleigh stopped in front of him, \"Yes. It was late and I knew you needed a new one as-\" He stepped forward, a hand raised to touch Kayleigh's face. The woman shied away, \"Do not...\" she faltered, knowing she was only deepening the rift that would further break her heart, \"Don't. Touch. Me.\" She breathed deeply, forcing the last words she wanted to say, \"This,\" she gestured around even though he would not see it, \"Us... Garrett, you said you would not accompany me to Camelot to protect my honor and wellbeing.\" She stepped away, holding her arm and avoiding Garrett's unseeing eyes, \"But what honor is left to me if my heart does not lie with my husband, and what wellbeing is there in further heartbreak?\" She looked at Garrett's face, once again unreadable. She took another deep breath, a fresh argument forming as more words spilled freely, \"If you truly wished to protect me, you would either return to your king's service or you would have denied any attachment to me at all.\" Garrett flinched, and Kayleigh gritted her teeth, \"What am I to you?\" Garrett opened his mouth, then closed it again. Kayleigh stared at him expectantly. His hands tightened and loosened around the new quarterstaff. At last, he turned around, \"We should hurry. I doubt Ruber will have given up.\" Kayleigh had just enough time to wake Devon and Cornwall before Garrett disappeared into the forest, guided by his avian companion. Kayleigh followed, matching his unusually fast pace. She knew she must have hurt him, but perhaps she could still convince him... Aiden's sudden, excited chirping brought the woman from her thoughts. Through the trees ahead, she could see the sky, and below her feet, the ground had become something of a path. Kayleigh forced herself to dash forward, Excalibur's sheath battering her left leg with every step, until she stood just behind the last tree. She inhaled deeply and placed her hand on the branch that obscured her view. With less effort than she expected, she pushed it aside, gazing at the sight of Camelot. Kayleigh knew she should have felt something. Camelot was a splendid sight with its glistening sandstone walls glowing tan in the sunlight that broke through the clouds and illuminated it. It was almost nothing compared to the Forbidden Forest. \"Here we are,\" Garrett's voice sounded from just behind Kayleigh. The maiden turned, looking at him as he leaned on his quarterstaff, \"The end of the Forbidden Forest. You should hurry. I'm sure there isn't much time left.\" Kayleigh stared at the long road before her, \"And what am I to tell Arthur? That I was aided by my father's squire who refuses to leave the Forest or that I, an untrained maiden, survived with the help of a two-headed dragon?\" \"Tell him what you will,\" Garrett mumbled, turning around and starting back into the forest, \"It doesn't matter.\" Kayleigh unsheathed Excalibur and ran after the man, stopping just in front of him, \"If we return the sword together, you can redeem your family name. You can take the place your father left at the Round Table- and perhaps I can do the same for my father. You're as good as any knight in Camelot, Garrett, and the people will see that!\" Garrett stepped forward again, gently pushing Kayleigh aside, \"No, Kayleigh. Nothing will change what Ruber did. You of all people should know that. I'm free of it here.\" He took few more steps, pushing into the underbrush as he finished, \"I stand alone.\" Kayleigh watched as the man she loved disappeared into the forest.[Chapter 24] The clouds rolled ominously in the sky as a forlorn woman trudged along the path, her head hung low and her shoulders slouched. Behind her, a two-headed dragon followed, its heads shooting nervous glances around at the unfamiliar territory. The woman sniffed, wiping aside a tear with one of her hands, and stopped. She looked down at the sword sheathed at her hip, her expression longing and pensive. Finally, one of the dragon's heads snorted, \"Forget about him! You'd be better off alone.\" The woman did not look up as the reptilian head slithered next to her, \"He moves oddly, he stares oddly... It seems like people would throw things at him!\" Kayleigh pushed the head out of the way and stalked a little farther down the road. At this, the other head hissed, \"How can you be so cold-blooded?\" Cornwall shot his brother an unamused glare, \"Have you forgotten that we're dragons?\" Kayleigh stopped suddenly, taking the sword's sheath from her belt. She looked at the carvings on the sheath, running a finger over them carefully. She unsheathed it, taking a moment to look at the glistening blade. She gasped at the image in the reflection, whipping around with the sword bared in front of her, \"How did you find me?\" The man laughed, running a finger through a streak of grey in his russet hair, \"You are not very good at covering your tracks; for a moment, I thought you were leading me into a trap. I should have known not to expect such things from a girl who can barely lift- let alone wield- such a blade. Now hand it to me before you drop it and cut off your toes. I would not want to have it so tarnished before its greatest battle.\" Kayleigh lowered herself slightly more, tightening her grip on Excalibur, \"And allow you to kill me?\" At this the man drew his own sword, examining it with an air of disinterest, \"I will kill you regardless of whether you give me the sword. However, giving it to me will grant you a few hours and a swifter death.\" He sheathed his sword, his stare burning into Kayleigh's eyes as he drew his mace and brandished it, his voice a low growl, \"Your father was one of Arthur's finest knights, and it is a pity how quickly he was smited.\" Fear trickled through Kayleigh's spine, but she held her ground. She carefully stepped to her left, beginning to circle her adversary. Ruber moved in kind, \"It would be a shame for you to fall in such the same manner.\" Ruber stopped circling and raised one arm, frowning disappointedly, \"Unfortunately, I need you alive.\" He snapped his fingers. Instantaneously, massive lengths of chain shot from two sides, completely binding the maiden except for her sword arm and knocking her to the ground. As she landed, her grip on the sword faltered, and it skittered just out of reach. She gritted her teeth and strained forward, pulling herself with all her strength against the chains that held her back. She gasped and screeched as she was dragged backwards. She clawed her way forwards again, almost managing to come within an arm's length of the sword. Ruber's foot slammed between Kayleigh's outstretched fingers and Excalibur, kicking up a small cloud of dust. The girl coughed as a giant metallic hand pulled her to a sitting position. She kept her gaze locked on Ruber as he tested the blade against his thumb. At last, he glared downward, meeting Kayleigh's eyes as he pulled a faintly glowing vial of green liquid, \"Nearly a lifetime I have waited to hold this sword. Now, I shall hold it for eternity!\" He lifted it to his face and bit the stopper, yanking it away and spitting it out. He lifted the vial, \"Prepare for the dawning of a new age!\" He tilted the vial and spilled a single drop of the liquid where his hand gripped the sword. From where the drop landed, a cloud of thick, putrid smoke spewed into the air, wrapping like a serpent around everything in its midst. Kayleigh watched, horrified and sickened, as Excalibur's hilt disappeared, seeming to slide into the flesh of the traitor's forearm. Kayleigh's stomach lurched at the sight, and she finally looked away, unable to bear anymore as the nauseating smoke permeated the air and burned her lungs with its horrible, rancid odor. The potion's horror was nothing compared to the sight that seized the woman's eyes when the smoke suddenly cleared. Ruber stood with his sword arm raised victoriously. The forearm was no more; instead, a system of joints granted total control of the blade, which protruded where the arm should have been. Ruber lowered his arm and stalked to where Kayleigh was half-restrained, half-suspended between the two glittering soldiers that had ensnared her. Kayleigh looked away from where the silvery blade of Excalibur faded to the familiar black, iridescent material that joined weapon to man. Rough fingers harshly dug into Kayleigh's jaw and yanked her head around so that she stared into the traitor's eyes. She realized that there were tears streaming from her own eyes as Ruber disengaged his left hand and gestured to the monstrous deformity that was now his right arm, \"Do not worry; Arthur shall hold Excalibur again... as he tries to pull it from his chest.\" He gestured to the guards, \"When we reach the wagons, see that she is sufficiently restrained, but do not cause her any injury that would threaten her life. You may avenge your brother after Camelot is taken.\" The monstrosities growled what sounded like an affirmative and pulled Kayleigh to her feet. A cold drop landed on the woman's head, followed by more, as the indomitable guards half-carried her down the path. Kayleigh had neither the energy nor the will to fight anymore. She had done everything she could do and had failed. A bitter self-loathing began to gnaw at her heart as the rain fell in full force, chilling her to the bone. After a while, her foot caught in a muddy recess in the path, and she pitched forward, landing with an undignified splash on the ground. Before she could pick herself up, the guards pulled her upright and hustled onward. After some time, her captors tightened their grip, and Kayleigh looked up. A distinct shape reared just ahead. She was stopped suddenly, and another two guards held her still as the chains were loosened. A third guard wrenched her arms behind her back and pinned them flat as a fourth tied her wrists firmly. She could feel, even though she was drenched and caked in slick mud, that there would be no slipping loose from her bonds. There was a sharp poke to her back, and she glanced behind her. A young boy, barely older than perhaps twelve or thirteen, was urging her forward with a very familiar dagger, his fair hair and scarlet clothes weighted down with as much water as her own. His face was, visibly, determined and proud to have been tasked with a dangerous prisoner, but Kayleigh could see a hint of fear in his demeanor. She nodded, turning her head and stepping into the wagon, her head hung low and her face down. There was a squelching sound with each step as she walked out of the rain,and she could see the mud dripping from her clothing as she made her way to the side of the wagon. Kayleigh glanced up and quickly averted her eyes at the sight of her mother. She kept her face turned down and away as she knelt, sitting on the floor away from her mother and leaning against the side of the wagon. The young guard left, satisfied that neither prisoner would disappear into thin air. The young woman was glad that her sodden and filthy state masked the tears flowing down her cheeks and concealed her identity. There was a long pause, and Kayleigh could sense that her mother recognized her through the filth and grime. Juliana gasped, \"Kayleigh?\" \"I'm sorry, mother...\" Kayleigh heard Juliana stand, and warm arms wrapped around her as her mother guided her to the bench where she had sat. Kayleigh cried into her mother's shoulder, \"I failed... And- and now...\" the younger woman's voice trailed away as sobs once again overcame her. Thankfully, Juliana said nothing, only comforting the defeated young woman as the wagon lurched and started moving again. As Kayleigh regained some control of herself, Juliana spoke, picking up a rag from one of the barrels, \"You were brave even to have left. Ever since you did, I have prayed that you live and return to me.\" Kayleigh felt her mother's hand run through her short, soaking hair as the rag sponged away the mud, \"While we were stopped, I heard things. That the sword was in the Forbidden Forest, and that you were going after it. Three reports were brought back, Kayleigh, and I waited for each one, praying that you would remain a thorn in Ruber's side-\" For what seemed like the first time in ages, Kayleigh heard her mother's voice break, \"Because that would mean you were alive.\" The older woman inhaled sharply, then sighed, her composure slipping further, \"The same way I always prayed for your father... You are so much like him...\" Kayleigh turned her half-cleaned face down again, \"What would he have done, Mother, if he were in our situation?\" For a long time, Juliana remained silent. At last, her answer came, \"He would not accept defeat.\" Devon and Cornwall clumsily thundered through the undergrowth, occasionally tripping and rubbing more dirt into the stinging scratches that peppered their shared body. Devon shot his brother a desperate glance, and the oversized wings unfolded, haphazardly flapping as the dragons tried to fly. With a mighty heave that somehow managed to lift the massive body, the dragons found themselves airborne for a second that was all too short. A shocked cry split the air as the dragons tumbled headlong into a much smaller creature. Taking far too much time to scramble from on top of the man, the heads blabbered unintelligibly, trying desperately to communicate the pressing danger to no avail. At last, the man stood, swiping at the air with his staff, \"Go away!\" \"We need your help!\" Devon choked, barely avoiding the offending staff, \"You have to listen!\" \"She's been captured!\" Cornwall insisted. At this, the man stiffened, his mouth agape. Cornwall seized the opportunity to finish, \"And she'll be killed if you don't help!\" Garrett seized the nearest head, \"Take me to her!\" Devon lifted his head- and by extension, the man- and placed him just behind the dragons' wings as Cornwall exclaimed, \"They're too far ahead!\" The dragons started forward with an unwieldy, blundering attempt at a run that jostled with every step as Devon replied, \"We'd have to fly to get there in time!\" Garrett barely managed to hold onto the dragons' back as the wings unfolded again, discordantly fluttering as the two minds tried to act as one. For a moment, the reptiles hoisted themselves into the air, soaring forward for a fair distance. All at once, the dragons landed with a splash, sending the man flying and mud splattering. \"Don't you get it?\" The man shouted as he pulled himself up again, \"You can't fly because you can't agree on anything!\" He moved to the puddle where the reptiles lay, frustratedly nipping at each other and hissing what could only have been curses in their native tongue. Garrett stomped his foot, barely managing to get the reptiles' attention, \"There's got to be something you can agree on! You both came to get me to rescue Kayleigh, didn't you? Well, whatever made you agree on that, focus on it!\" The dragons rolled over, dragging their shared body from the mud. The two heads shared a glance, and Cornwall answered, \"Are you coming with us or not?\" Without another word, the man climbed onto the dragons' back and the wings unfolded once more, flapping as the dragons carefully moved in a crude synchronization. There was a strained tenseness to their movements as they started again, pushing forwards at a run before battering the air with their wings. At last, the dragons pulled themselves up, gracelessly breaking through the canopy until they were well above the treetops. From the new altitude, they could see a train of wagons advancing toward Camelot. Devon nodded, and they shot ahead as fast as their newfound flight would take them. Author's notes: Originally, I wasn't going to show the dragons learning to fly or Juliana's memories of Lionel, but I got tired of ending chapters on such dismal notes. I tweaked Juliana's lines a lot- even asking my mom to critique them- before I settled on what I have here. Still, if something doesn't seem quite right, please tell me. I've got a lot planned in coming chapters, and am excited to incorporate most- if not all- of the fantastic ideas that DinoWriter23 and medievalist1 said they would like to see into what I've got planned. It looks like the final battle is going to be interesting. Again, if there's anything you'd like to see- or would really prefer not to see- as the story wraps up, let me know. ¡Tambièn, recibì mi teclado de español esta semana! No es importante aquì, pero... ¿Còmo es mi español? ¿Es correcta la gramàtica? Por favor corrìjame si hago un error. Thank you guys! Flautist4ever[Chapter 25] Some time passed, and Kayleigh spent every minute of it trying to hatch an escape plan. She had paced around the wagon several times, but there was nothing she could use to free herself- not even so much as a protruding nail in the crates. No matter how she pulled at her bonds, they would not loosen enough even for her slender hands to slip through. She flopped onto the bench just in time. The wagon stopped suddenly, lurching as it did so. Outside, Kayleigh heard what seemed to be arguing. She closed her eyes and strained to listen, barely managing to hear it over the constant, driving rain. Ruber was arguing with what sounded like two young boys whose squeaking voices were barely pubescent. From what she could glean of the conversation, the boys were pleading to be given the responsibility of further guarding her. Ruber was, to say the least, unimpressed with them. She winced as he told them in no uncertain terms that if Kayleigh escaped, it was better for them if she killed them in the process. She had only a moment to wonder if that was how Ruber had treated Garrett all those years ago. One side of the tarp cover slid open, and the boy from earlier climbed into the wagon, followed by a slightly older, lanky boy Kayleigh knew could only be the child's brother. Both were completely sodden, and neither had a cloak to protect him from the elements. Both looked as if they were certain they were going to die. The older brother stepped protectively in front of the younger one, holding a length of cloth. He swallowed, and his voice cracked as he tried to assert his authority, \"D-Do as we say!\" Kayleigh felt a twinge of pity at the terror on their faces; she certainly had no intention to hurt them. She nodded, her determination to defeat Ruber renewed. This time, however, she would not make a killer of herself, \"Your orders are to keep me silent, are they not?\" The younger one gaped, but the older one took another step forward, \"Make haste, then. And do not attempt to escape, or we'll kill you!\" He turned to his younger brother, who stood, staring and trembling with Kayleigh's dagger in his hand, \"Aren't those our orders?\" The younger one spoke, his voice high-pitched and unsteady, \"I thought out orders were-\" \"Silence, Mochan!\" The older one barked, \"Now come help me tie this over the prisoner's mouth!\" Mochan jumped at his brother's shouting. He answered, \"Yes, Drustan!\" and stepped up to Kayleigh, holding her own dagger to her throat as Drustan tied the cloth around the woman's mouth. It was not tight enough to keep her from shouting, but she bit down on it to keep it in place. All she could hope was that if she played the helpless prisoner well enough, the boys would get less jumpy- and easier to subdue. The boy gave a few tugs on Kayleigh's bonds, and she let herself fall to her knees. She looked at her mother, who raised an eyebrow. When Drustan seemed satisfied that the woman would not be going anywhere, he turned to his brother, \"Watch her.\" Mochan nodded and stepped forward, holding Kayleigh's dagger to her back. She could feel the crudely-sharpened blade resting against the knot between her wrists as the boy tried to keep his hands steady. She knew her own hands would be free before they reached the castle gate... From the other side of the wagon, one of the few older men who had not been transformed guided Juliana onto the driver's bench. Kayleigh watched as he roughly tossed a cloak over her mother's shoulders before the tarp closed again. The wagon lurched, and Kayleigh heard a distressed cry from outside. She felt Mochan look over his shoulder, and a second later, there was a thud and a high-pitched grunt as the older brother climbed into the moving wagon. Kayleigh felt a little relief that the boy had managed to climb in safely. She heard him stalk over to his brother and felt him grab her arm. Kayleigh turned her head forward and racked her brain for her next move. Would it be prudent to warn Camelot before they were allowed in? She remembered the conversations she had had with Finton. Warning the guards before the drawbridge was lowered would mean Camelot could fight from inside a well-fortified city. It would also mean that if the guards did not find a way to take down Ruber's iron men, the traitor knight had only to besiege the castle until everyone inside either died of starvation or became hungry enough to surrender. Kayleigh knew that the castle had been planned with a secret exit so that people could escape if that were the case. It also dawned on her that Ruber not only knew of the exit, but likely knew where it was- and that could grant him a swift, horrible victory if Kayleigh gave her warning before the procession was inside the castle. Of course, allowing him inside the castle would give him proximity to Arthur and an opportunity to dispatch the king if the knights could not keep him from the inner castle... No matter what she did, she realized with a wave of despair, lives would be lost and Ruber had a better chance of victory. A distant memory suddenly called to her- one of her father's old stories about how the stone lay in King Arthur's personal courtyard. That was it! Kayleigh could not claim to know for certain whether the stone would be the key to victory, but it made up her mind. She would wait until they were in Camelot to make her move. If things worked as she hoped, the surprise would throw Ruber's forces into enough chaos that the knights would have a slight advantage. She felt her bonds loosen slightly as the trembling child continued to hold the knife against them. Kayleigh pretended she still could not move her hands as she continued planning her next moves. She would take her mother, flee to the castle, and work with Arthur- surely he would be able to find a way to take back Excalibur. It was decided, then, what her actions would be. The front wheel hit a stone on the road, and Kayleigh knew that was her best chance to subdue her two guards. The downpour continued well into the afternoon, cooling the warm sandstone walls surrounding the castle of Camelot. Atop the battlements, several guards paced restlessly, and throughout the walled city, a sense of tedious dread permeated the air. Inside the castle walls, the once-bustling city was nearly lifeless. Almost every available man had been sent to search for the sword or else set to guarding the castle walls, and in kind, the women kept their children inside lest they get underfoot in an emergency. Such as things were, only a handful of people left their houses at any given time, and only to do such errands as were essential either to their houses or the defense of Camelot. Indeed, many recalled the kingdom's dark, warlike days all too well. One such person stood with his fellow guards, having postponed retirement to command part of Camelot's defenses. He squinted into the distance, his mind racing. His beard might have been grey, but he knew his eyes were as sharp as when he was a boy; there was no mistaking what he saw, even through the heavy rain. As the formation grew closer, he called, \"Wagons approaching!\" There was a clatter as the other guards took formation, preparing for invasion. It seemed that this was the moment everyone had feared from the night Excalibur was stolen. The old guard glanced to the turrets, where archers now stood, ready to shoot at a moment's notice. He narrowed his eyes, trying to make out the figure driving the wagon at the front of the procession. \"I-It's Lady Juliana!\" Another guard's voice rang out next to him. The captain glanced up in surprise, \"Juliana? Sir Lionel Mac Niadh's widow? \" The other guard nodded, and the captain scanned the approaching procession, but not for the woman who had stood aloof from Camelot for so long. There was no sign of familiar purple garb among the few men and boys who accompanied the wagons on foot or horseback. The captain shook his head; his son must have gone to find the sword instead of accompanying Juliana's reinforcements. \"Sir Lachtna?\" The younger guard asked tentatively, pulling the aged knight from his thoughts, \"What are your orders?\" Lachtna scanned the sizable crowd of men and supply carts, shielding his eyes from the rain. Something seemed different about Juliana, but he had not seen her since Sir Lionel's funeral... Still, the sight of the cloaked rider that accompanied the leading wagon made his hair stand on end. He focused on that particular rider. There was no individual thing that differentiated him from any of the other riders, cloaked against the storm. Besides, everyone knew of Arthur's invitation to Juliana a decade ago, and she had not come empty-handed; Camelot needed men and supplies. The old knight turned to the guards, \"Lower the bridge!\" Kayleigh waited as the wagon bounced over the drawbridge. Her former guards lay passed out on the bench, tied together by their hands and gagged in case they awoke. Subduing them had been a matter of waiting for her bonds to fray before slipping out and knocking their heads together. She looked at them, knowing they would be at Ruber's mercy if Kayleigh failed now. She felt oddly protective of them. What had they done to earn such hatred from their father? Why did they try so hard to win his affections? She shook her wonderings aside. She knew they would hate her if she succeeded. Better to be hated, she reasoned, than to just let them die. She could only hope that by trapping Ruber's forces within the walls, the knights would be able to hold them off long enough for somebody to find a way to separate the sword from the traitor. She peered out through a gap between the tarp and the wagon's edge. She bit her tongue to prevent the curse she wanted to say. As they passed in front of a few houses, the inhabitants began to stir. In front of one door, a heavily pregnant woman almost Kayleigh's age held her young child by the hand. Further down the street, an elderly man leaned on a cane, and a woman somewhat younger than he was trying to convince him to go back inside. She watched as the drawbridge came into view above the back of the procession. She could not afford to wait much longer. With the last of her time, she walked over to the bench and prepared to leap into the open air. She mouthed a desperate prayer that her actions would not result in the loss of every life in Camelot. There was a small jolt as the wagon stopped. Kayleigh looked up. She gingerly placed her hand on the front bench, inhaled, and leapt into the driving rain. \"It's a trap!\" Author's Notes: *sings badly* Cliiiifff Hangeeer! Hanging from a cliiiiff! And that's why he's called Cliff Hanger! *looks around nervously* *gets shot for making awful references* Okay, serious time. I'm sorry for more OCs. I literally just made them up this chapter. Well, Mochan was around last chapter, but I didn't plan for him to ever actually get a name, you know? ... Okay, Lachtna was planned literally minutes after I came up with Finton, but still... Special thanks to ncampbell1 for advising me regarding what to do with the new OCs. He is a very talented writer, and I highly recommend his new story, Ignited (link: s/11116464/1/Ignited ), though he certainly has a talent for capturing the personalities of several popular superheroes in his other works as well. Also sorry that this chapter is about 78 words short (at last count. too lazy to count again), but I wanted to be able to do the battle itself either in two chapters or another 4,000-word one. I'll leave that choice to you guys, since I finished this chapter Saturday and have the next chapter at the 2,000-word mark, ready to publish next week on schedule, though I plan to do some polishing over the next few days. Thank you guys! Flautist4ever P.S. medievalist1, Still no word from the college for which I had an interview. Still itching with anticipation for their reply. Thank you![Chapter 26] Kayleigh's voice rang out over Camelot, followed by a split second of silence. She heard a horse whinny and the sound of steel clanging on steel. An arm wrapped around her shoulders, and she reflexively elbowed her assailant in the side. He doubled over with a cry of pain, and she pushed him from the wagon. It was at this moment that her eyes adjusted and she realized the chaos around her. The rain was forgotten entirely. All around, the knights and guards were fighting in vain to counter the invincible hands of steel that fought indiscriminately and carved a bloody path through those who got within their range. One of the monstrosities burst through the top of one of the rear wagons, seated atop one of the equally fearsome transformed horses. The unholy, mangled abomination galloped forward, spattering mud with every stride. It poised its lance arm to take out a squire who struggled valiantly against one of the untransformed men. The squire died before Kayleigh could even move. \"Mother!\" Kayleigh screeched as she leapt from the wagon, \"I must help the king!\" She dashed forward into the fracas as the lance-armed beast galloped by the woman, aiming for one of the older knights the woman did not recognize. She managed to get a hold on the horse and pulled herself up. She jumped from the horse's back onto the rider, managing to pull the lance just far enough from its target that the knight was unharmed. The rider turned its head to the woman, raising its arm. With a flick, it sent her flying. She skidded and looked over her shoulder. The huge, iridescent warhorse turned, and through the downpour, Kayleigh saw the new target in the shining face of the rider. She scrambled to her feet and tried to run as the living steel began to hurtle towards her. She managed a short distance on the slick ground before the percussive clanking was right behind her. She closed her eyes and curled in on herself, sliding along the ground as the sound passed over her, its rhythm changing as the tonnage threw its weight back to stop and try at her again. She rolled onto her back and sat up, watching as a man broke his sword trying to drive it into the rider's neck. The massive horse bucked into the air, and the rider threw off the man as if her were no more than a pesky bug. A shout from behind prompted Kayleigh to duck as a volley of arrows rained forward. Kayleigh slithered out of the way, her task both aided and hindered by the slippery ground below. One of the archers, as he fitted a new arrow, gestured for her to make her way behind them. The arrows were proving useless, bouncing off horse and rider like pebbles. Beside the company of archers, barrels of flammable oils sat, of equal use in this horrid massacre. She pulled herself off the ground by the stables, looking around frantically. The wall was empty, and one tower had been destroyed. Kayleigh gasped in fear, then realized that there was repair scaffolding in place. That was how she would get to the king. She set off through the destruction, running at a pace that would never be fast enough for her. Every step either slid from under her or sank into the soft earth underfoot. As she neared the wall, her heart thudded in terror; many of the guards lay either still or writhing in pain, covered in wounds that could only have been inflicted by one creature. More shouts from the castle sank the woman's terror even deeper: Nearly a dozen of Camelot's men lay, unmoving and bloody, on the steps to the main castle, and the massive door swung all too freely on its hinges. Several of the monstrosities took their place in front of the door. There would be no breaking through that way. She steeled her nerve and climbed up the scaffolding, her muscles beginning to ache with every step of her ascent, the wind whipping around her and pulling her in every direction but up. She screamed as sharp talons dug into her arms and pulled her from the scaffolding. She helplessly looked up at the bloodied mass of fur and feathers as the griffon pulled her higher. And higher. And higher. There was a screech, and Kayleigh could see that an arrow had found its way into the one of the griffon's forelegs. Kayleigh looked at the castle, but could not see whichever archer had hit his mark. The creature leaned to the side, and Kayleigh caught a glimpse of the ground below... Far. Below. Her body froze, and she felt the talons begin to loosen. Another surge of fear spread to every part of her body. She watched the Griffon circle around to the castle once more as she resigned herself to her fate. Camelot was doomed. The boys were doomed. Her mother was doomed. It was all over, she knew. Something warm cradled her like an infant, and she opened her eyes, expecting to see her father's spirit escorting her to the afterlife. She did not expect to find herself staring into the scarred and blind eyes she thought had left her life forever. \"Hold onto me!\" Garrett shouted as they continued their heart-stopping descent. Kayleigh did not need to be told a second time. They slowed as they neared the ground, and Garrett allowed Kayleigh to stand on her own feet as the movement grew smoother. \"We're going up again!\" Cornwall shouted. \"You're flying!\" Kayleigh exclaimed. \"Brace yourselves!\" Devon added. Kayleigh flattened herself against the shared back, holding onto the dragons as Garrett did the same. The dragons' legs grazed the rocks below. Kayleigh heard the wings flap in unison, and almost lost her hold as the reptiles shot almost straight up along the castle wall. The wings beat several more times, and Kayleigh thought she heard the scraping of claws against the wall before they landed on the battlements. Kayleigh slid from the dragons' back, helping Garrett onto the solid stone path. He pitched slightly forward, and the woman caught him in her arms. He lingered there for a moment. \"I'm sorry,\" he breathed into her ear. \"I forgive you,\" Kayleigh quickly interrupted, \"But Ruber's breached the castle and the king's trapped inside.\" She glanced at the entrance, where the metal guards still gave no quarter to any who tried to enter the castle, \"There's no way in!\" Garrett's face grew dark, but Kayleigh could see an idea forming, \"Through the-\" A screech from above interrupted him, and the dragons let out a hiss, taking off to counter the griffon in midair. Kayleigh took Garrett's hand and began to run towards the tower as the dragons spiraled upwards, savagely attacking the creature that had tormented them so many times. The griffon countered, butting into them and knocking their wings out of time. Kayleigh thought the dragons might lose. Suddenly, the twin wings unfolded and shot upwards again. Kayleigh slid to a stop as one of Ruber's indomitable warriors shot a bolt in her direction. She ducked, pulling Garrett to the ground with her. There was a cart below, and with a shout of warning, Kayleigh jumped for it, tightening her hold on Garrett's hand. She miscalculated the jump, landing in the soft hay while Garrett somehow fell onto the driver's bench, startling the horse. Before Kayleigh knew what was happening, the cart was flying through the battle. All around, swords clanged and broke against magical steel. There was a scream from somewhere, and Kayleigh watched as a knight dove for a young child, knocking her out of harm's way in time to counter one of the monsters' blows. As the creature raised its arm to swing again, the knight charged forward, managing to unbalance his opponent. There was a crash, and half of the cart splintered and broke away. The rest of it began to catch fire, and Kayleigh realized that they had just hit a barrel of the flammable oil- lit in a desperate attempt to find some way to fight against the invaders despite the rain. She clawed her way forward as the horse panicked further, taking the cart on an even more erratic path. Wrapping her arms around Garrett, she pushed away from the cart and rolled along the ground. She picked her head up just in time to watch the horse turn too sharply, losing its grip on the ground and skidding with the cart against one of the metallic assailants. The impact freed the creature from its lethal burden, and it reared, dashing away from the chaos. She pulled herself to her feet and frantically scanned the chaos for Garrett. A hand touched her shoulder, and she flailed, turning around with a squeak. Garrett gestured to be quiet and led her into the structure behind them. Once inside, he felt along an engraved sign on the wall, tracing each letter with his calloused fingers, \"These are the knights' stables, aren't they?\" Kayleigh squinted at the writing, her view of it partially obscured by his hand. She stepped forward, instantly recognizing the lettering, \"Yes.\" A deafening explosion caused her to turn around. A fair distance away from the stable entrance, a tall man cloaked in wizard's robes stood in front of a fallen knight. Though his back was turned, Kayleigh could see that one hand was outstretched, and his voice somehow rose above the din, speaking ancient words that sent a frozen chill down Kayleigh's spine. His outstretched hand rose above his head and his feet partially slid, widening his stance as a shining dome formed around him and the fallen knight. The unforgiving steel hands of the magician's adversary swung at the dome as the magician- no, Kayleigh realized- as Merlin knelt by the fallen knight and incanted what must have been a healing spell. The knight rose to his feet and stared at the iron assailant behind Merlin. The wizard muttered something, and the knight charged forward, somehow managing to dispatch the formerly invincible opponent. Merlin glanced in Kayleigh's direction, and though he did not appear even to bother raising his voice, she heard it ring in her ears, \"Your destiny and duty call. You must answer. Go now.\" Kayleigh felt herself nod as if in a trance. The magician turned around and disappeared into the battle. She turned to look at Garrett, but he had already started towards the back of the stable. His steps were fast, but as confident as they had been in the Forbidden Forest, \"This is the way.\" Kayleigh stepped towards him, watching as he entered an empty stall and brushed aside a pile of straw, revealing a small door that would be just large enough if they crawled through one at a time. He opened the door and slid into the darkness behind it. His voice came from the blackness though he was fully obscured, \"These tunnels lead straight to the Round Table.\" Kayleigh piled some of the hay in front of the entrance before she crawled through. She stood as the tunnel widened with the small steps below the door. In the dim light that filtered through the opening, she could see how decrepit the tunnels were; it was likely they hadn't been used since the day her father had died. She turned around and shut the door, barring it. She immediately regretted it. \"Garrett,\" she whispered, fumbling around in the all-consuming darkness, \"I can't see a thing.\" A hand took hers and turned her around, \"It's alright. I'll be your eyes.\" A tug on her hand told her to start walking. She followed his every push and pull, her heart thudding in her ears. She feared that she might stumble at any moment, or that she would take a step and the ground would not be there. Somewhere in the tunnel, a rat squeaked, and she flinched. The constant clicking of Garrett's staff stopped, and his voice whispered, \"It's nowhere near us, Kayleigh. We must hurry now.\" Kayleigh started forward again, \"I'm scared, Garrett.\" She felt like such a child, completely at the mercy of circumstances beyond her control- and unable once again even to cease the frightened rambling she knew would happen. His hand tightened, and his pace slowed almost imperceptibly, \"I know.\" He paused as if he were going to say something more, then started forward again, helping Kayleigh down a set of steps. Finally, he spoke again, \"We're almost there.\" Kayleigh paused. She could hear the battle going on above, the voices unintelligible in their words, but it was unmistakeable what was happening: Ruber and Arthur were locked in a battle to the end. Garrett heard it as well, Kayleigh knew, because immediately, his hold tightened and he dashed ahead. Kayleigh stumbled at first, but found her stride, following him until a sliver of light above became visible. She dashed up to the steps that led to a door in the ceiling, the sounds coming into horrifying clarity. She pushed against the heavy stone trapdoor, struggling against the weight of it. From the room above, there was a scream that could only have been the king. Another body pressed against hers and helped her lift the trapdoor. She poked her head up just in time to hear the traitor knight shout, \"Intemperance in ruling has dethroned many kings before you, tyrant!\" Author's notes: I hope Merlin's role wasn't too trite. I tried. I really tried to find some other way to work him in where Kayleigh would notice him, but he's not the kind of character you see out of the corner of your eye and move on. I would like to thank everyone who advised me regarding that last line. I really didn't like Ruber's equivalent line in the movie and was glad to find that people seemed to like my idea to change it. If there's any last-minute thing you'd like me to work in (unless it's a confrontation between father and son, because that IS happening), let me know either in your review or a PM. Next week's chapter may be a problem. On one hand, today starts my Spring Break. On the other hand, I have a lot of things to do, such as overhauling my personal schedule and preparing for both my band's spring concert and my drama class's semester play. I promise you again, I will not leave this story incomplete, but I may need a week or so before I can figure out what to do with the next chapter. I also promise you that for every week I go without a chapter here, I'll upload one or two of the pages in my sketchbook, since I initially plan my chapters with sketches. The sketches will be uploaded to gallery. As usual, thank you guys for sticking with me for so many chapters! Flautist4ever P.S. medievalist1, I have received word from the college that they are preparing and finalizing their decisions. I will get their answer on Tuesday. Thank you for your constant support and wishes of good luck.[Chapter 27] Arthur did not seem fazed, at least in spirit. He was clearly in no state to fight; to say the least, his right arm was wrapped in bandages, and it looked as if he had almost lost said limb. He scrambled to his feet, barely avoiding a death blow, \"You may kill me here, but the people will oppose you!\" Ruber swiped at the king with his normal arm, knocking Arthur down. Kayleigh climbed out of the tunnel as the traitor stomped on Arthur's chest, pinning the king to the table beneath him, \"Then I shall crush their rebellions as I crush you now!\" Kayleigh tensed and started to push forward, but a hand on her shoulder stopped her. \"Kayleigh, no,\" Garrett's voice whispered in her ear. Before she could protest, he continued, \"Help Arthur. Get him to safety. This is my fight.\" \"But Merlin-\" \"There's no time!\" Garrett hissed. Before Kayleigh could protest again, Garrett leapt out of the tunnel, stopping just short of the Round Table. \"Ruber!\" he shouted, baring his quarterstaff, \"This ends now!\" Ruber sneered, turning his attention from Arthur, \"Insolent boy!\" Garrett jumped onto the table and swung at the older man. Ruber ducked and tried to land a blow of his own, but Garrett was too fast. Kayleigh seized her opportunity and ran to help the king. She knelt by Arthur's side and offered her hand, \"Your majesty,\" she whispered as she helped him to his feet, \"We must get you to safety.\" Arthur looked over his shoulder to where Ruber and Garrett were locked in a fight to the death. Kayleigh gave a gentle tug on the king's uninjured arm, \"Please, your highness! Your kingdom is lost without-\" A cry of agony interrupted Kayleigh mid-sentence. She watched as Garrett fell, clutching at a new wound on his leg. She gritted her teeth and turned to the king. \"Go, your highness!\" she hissed before starting towards the Round Table. She skidded to a stop as Garrett stood, bracing himself on his staff. His voice echoed through the chamber, \"You should know I don't die so quickly!\" Ruber stalked toward his son, Excalibur raised to strike again, \"What a pity!\" He brought the sword down, but Garrett ducked, sinking to the floor quickly enough to kick the older man's feet from under him. As Ruber rolled to his feet, avoiding Garrett's next charge, he added, \"You are a disgrace to both my line and your mother's!\" Garrett spun around. Kayleigh could tell that Ruber had struck a nerve. She watched as Garrett charged again at his father, managing to land a hit as he did so, \"The only disgrace was your unfaithfulness!\" Ruber seized Garrett's staff in his left hand and yanked it from the younger man's grasp before seizing Garrett by the throat, \"Had she brought forth a worthy heir, she would have had a faithful husband!\" Kayleigh watched, dumbstruck, as Garrett's clenched fist struck Ruber's face. It was enough to cause Ruber's grip to slip enough for Garrett to escape and reclaim his quarterstaff. The younger man crouched, his knuckles white from his grip on the weapon. He sprang forward, once again attacking Ruber head-on. Ruber side-stepped the attack and dealt a swift hit to the younger man's back, knocking him down. Garrett did not get up. Kayleigh screamed and ran to his side, clearing the edge of the table in a single leap. She fell to her knees, skidding to a stop at Garrett's side. She pressed her head to his chest, and a wave of relief overtook her; he was breathing. Pain shot through her head and she felt herself lifted from where she crouched. She heard Ruber growl something. The next thing she knew, she was flying through the air. She collided with something that gave slightly under the force of her impact, but sprang back, dumping her unceremoniously onto the ground. Looking up, she saw Ruber's attention once more focused on the man in green. She looked over her shoulder, praying for an idea. It was not a sane move, but she began pulling herself up the repair scaffolding. From across the chamber, she heard Ruber's voice carry as he spoke, \"Your mother was an ignorant fool, boy, to have protected you so long.\" Kayleigh hastened her pace, pulling herself onto the platform high above the chamber floor. She caught sight of a stout beam secured to a pulley on the ceiling. She had no idea what anchored it on the other end of the rope, but she did not need it to be secured. She reached her trembling hand for the rope as Ruber continued, \"Today, I shall be free of you and shall reign as king over all Camelot!\" \"Ruber!\" Kayleigh cried, stepping onto the beam. Her father's words tumbled from her mouth as if he were speaking through her, \"I will not serve a false king!\" She leaned forward, and the beam slid off of the platform. Air whisked by her, and her heart flew into her chest; yet, the moment seemed to last an eternity. As she descended, Ruber's face contorted from an expression of raw loathing to one of downright shock. As she came closer, he raised his sword-arm to impale her when she came within his reach. He was too late. The beam hit him, knocking him through the window. The impact halted the beam, but Kayleigh kept moving, soaring through the shattered glass. She heard a crunching sound that could only have been Ruber's bones as she landed on him and skidded barely an arm's length out of his reach. She pushed herself up, grabbing her head. There was a dull buzzing in her ears, and she could not be certain whether it was fear or- The stone! The woman scrambled to her feet and ducked behind one of the much larger boulders that surrounded the legendary magical relic. It was covered in vines and looked as if no human had seen it in centuries. Faintly, though, Kayleigh could see a blue glow beneath the veil of foliage. Deep within her core, the knowledge of how to defeat her adversary swelled- or was the stone itself telling her? Behind her, the traitor's labored breathing grew louder. There was a loud, sharp clank and the sound of his heavy body pulling itself to its feet. His voice, strained with pain and hatred, growled between ragged gasps, \"You... You're in the way.\" She heard him stop, panting a few more times before bringing himself into the circle of boulders, \"Just like your father ...\" He looked straight at her, a trickle of blood leaking from the corner of his mouth as he stared coldly into her eyes, \"And since you're dying...\" He raised his sword-arm, and Kayleigh felt her body go tense, \"To be like him ...\" He brought down the sword, and Kayleigh barely managed to avoid it, rolling towards the legendary stone in the center. Ruber swung around and limped towards her, practically dragging his sword-arm as he hissed the last of his sentence, \"Why don't I help you ?\" A flash of green behind Ruber caught Kayleigh's eye. She gasped, and Ruber's eyes flicked away from her for a split second. She watched as Garrett raised his staff to strike, but before he could strike, Ruber spun on his heel and brought Excalibur down, slicing the quarterstaff in two. Garrett dropped to the ground, groping desperately for the other piece of his quarterstaff. Ruber took a few heavy steps toward the younger man, \"Oops. You probably needed that.\" Garrett let out a screech as Ruber lifted him by his hair and tossed him in Kayleigh's direction. The blind man landed, panting, close enough to the stone that Kayleigh saw his face- a mask of pain and fury that she had never seen on him before. She stifled a gasp and stepped just far enough to help Garrett to his feet. His rough hands felt along her sides and shoulders as if he were trying to be certain that she was truly there. Kayleigh stiffened, looking over Garrett's shoulder as Ruber slowly prowled toward them, his madness more evident now than ever. She pulled Garrett closer, burying her face in his hair, and breathed, \"hold your ground until the last possible moment.\" The blind man's hands tightened around her shoulders and he replied in an even lower voice, \"You give the signal.\" Ruber raised Excalibur high above his head, a twisted, insane smile visible in the faint blue glow from the stone, \"At last, fortune smiles upon me!\" He plunged Excalibur down, and Kayleigh hesitated just a breath longer. \"Now!\" she shouted, pushing Garrett away from her and stumbling backwards. There was a sound of metal grating against stone as Kayleigh hit the ground. She propped herself up and watched in horror as the traitor struggled in vain to pull his sword-arm from the stone. No matter how he jerked and twisted, he could not get free. The foliage around the stone began to disintegrate, revealing the harsh glowing runes that pulsed with magic. Kayleigh's stomach heaved as more of the hideous green smoke from earlier began to spill from the traitor's arm. He screamed and twisted more furiously. Kayleigh closed her eyes and turned her face away, unable to bear the sight anymore. His wretched screams filled the air and sent shivers up her spine no matter how she tried to cover her ears. At last, she chanced to open her eyes, shielding her face with her arm. She could see no remnant of the traitor knight in the column of blue light that shot heavenward from the stone, dissipating the dark clouds that hung over Camelot. A blast of wind almost knocked her backwards, and then... calm. She hesitantly stood, staring at where Excalibur stood, plunged into the stone as it must have been for so many years before her birth. It was as if Ruber had never existed. On that thought, she tore her gaze away from the stone, looking frantically for the man she had come to love. At last, she spotted him, leaning on one of the boulders that formed the perimeter. She could see, even across the clearing, that the wounds inflicted by Excalibur were gone. \"Garrett!\" She cried, dashing over and tackling him in a tight embrace, \"It's over! We've won!\" Beneath her, Garrett smiled, his eyes closed. She felt his hand run over her face, lovingly tracing her every feature. At last, he sat up, embracing her, \"Yes, we have.\" Kayleigh held him close, tears streaming from her eyes as fresh laughter burst forth. She pulled away and saw that Garrett was smiling even wider, and even his cloudy and blind eyes could not hide the joy that radiated from him. The sound of approaching footsteps tore Kayleigh's attention from Garrett. She stood immediately, helping him up and dusting herself off. The king smiled at the pair, and Kayleigh curtseyed, linking her arm in Garrett's to let him know to bow. Arthur put his right hand- now healed and free of its bandages- up, gesturing for them to stop. He turned his attention to the sword in the stone. Kayleigh watched in awe as he gently placed both hands on Excalibur's grip and slowly pulled it from its place in the stone. He brandished it, a look of reverence and awe upon his features as though it were the first time he had ever seen the famed blade. At last, he turned to the pair, \"Might I know your names, brave warriors? I must know whom to thank for Camelot's renewed safety.\" Kayleigh gaped, then quickly regained her composure. \"Your highness, I am the maiden, Kayleigh Mac Niadh, Daughter of Sir Lionel of the Round Table.\" Arthur nodded, \"Then I am indebted to your family even more so, fair lady. And what of your companion? Surely he has a name?\" Kayleigh looked over and saw that Garrett was keeping his face low, not coming up from his bow. Arthur raised an eyebrow, \"Goodman? Will you not tell me your name?\" There was a long pause, but at last, the man in green quietly answered, \"Your majesty, I am Garrett...\" He paused even longer, as if he wished never to give his surname. Finally, he spoke again, \"Sheehy... Sir Lionel's squire.\" Arthur nodded, \"You have no need to bow your head in shame, Garrett. You have done a great service for your king and country. Sir Lionel would be proud of both of you.\" Author's notes: This one got a whole lot darker than I thought it would, but at least I got to end it on a happy note. No, Garrett does not get his sight back. I'll explain why next week and hopefully my explanation will make sense to you- it does to me, anyway. I would have explained it this week, but I felt I needed to end it where I did. Special thanks to n campbell1 for putting up with my total lack of confidence this week. If you haven't already, you should check out his story, Ignited, (link: s/11116464/1/Ignited ) which is actually COMPLETE! Unlike this story. I have some questions for you guys: 1. How do you think Arthur should deal with Ruber's followers? 2. Should Devon and Cornwall be separated? 3. Do you think I should combine the knighting and wedding or drag the story out a few more fluffy chapters so they can be separate events? Yours truly, Flautist4ever medievalist1, Thank you for your constant support. I regret to inform you that I got rejected. I've gotten a few new offers and opportunities, but I'm also thinking about taking a semester off to lose some weight and get a job... It depends on how things go when I get back to school at the end of Spring Break. Thank you for your constant and continued support.[Chapter 28] The sunlight glimmered on the destruction throughout the once-beautiful city of Camelot. In the mud, weapons lay in scattered heaps, some dulled and broken while others shone as if new. A few men stood, trembling and examining the loose chainmail that hung from their frames. On the streets, many lay dead. A few shakily pulled themselves to their feet, examining bloody tears in their clothing and armor. Still others held captives taken in the sudden confusion. Kayleigh watched as the king grimly surveyed the destruction of his capital from the castle steps. Though his posture never wavered and his expression remained stoic, the woman saw a deep sadness in his eyes. He stepped forward, quickly descending to the nearest knight. She took Garrett's hand and followed after the king. \"…but the citizens are to be your first priority,\" Kayleigh heard Arthur say as she came within earshot, \"After the people have been fed and housed for the night, and as soon as Ruber's men are sufficiently detained, every remaining man in our forces is to assemble in the chamber of the Round Table. There is much to be decided before tomorrow dawns.\" The knight nodded and took his leave to carry out the king's orders. Arthur turned immediately to Kayleigh, \"It would be prudent to include your mother in tonight's conference, my lady.\" He paused, then looked from Kayleigh to Garrett and back before continuing, \"And both of you, as well.\" Kayleigh nodded, \"My king, I have not seen my mother since the beginning of this battle-\" \"I will accompany you in looking for her,\" Arthur interrupted politely, \"I must speak with her confidentially. Further, it is my duty to assess the state of my people and their defenders, that we can make as many decisions in as timely a manner as possible.\" Kayleigh nodded again, \"Yes, your highness-\" her voice trailed away as she noticed one of the knights staring in her general direction. She expected to see confusion, or perhaps admiration for their king, on his features. Instead, his eyes glared with rancor, seeming to stare through Kayleigh as if neither she nor Arthur were there. She forced her attention back to the king, \"If I may, I recommend that we begin our search near the gate.\" Arthur looked over his shoulder at the knight, and the knight hesitantly lowered his gaze. The king returned his attention to Kayleigh, \"Then that is where we shall begin our search.\" With that, the king started towards the gate, his steps measured and careful as he surveyed the surrounding wreckage. Kayleigh took Garrett's hand once more and led him through the shambles of what might have been Camelot's market. It took nearly half an hour to reach what had once been the front wagon; the already slow going had been slowed further as Arthur spoke with as many citizens and guards as possible along the way, asking innumerable questions regarding the extent of damage, the availability of food, and how many required a physician's care. Kayleigh had been surprised, but quickly understood her why her father had been so fiercely devoted to the then-boy king. Now, Kayleigh stepped hopefully toward the half-demolished wagon. The cover was still up, and the main part of it would have made a passable shelter from the battle. She climbed onto the splintering front and pulled back the tarp. There were supplies still in their crates, but no sign of her mother. \"Kayleigh!\" a voice called from behind. Kayleigh turned. \"Mother?\" She responded, unsure where to look. At last, she saw her mother sprinting towards her. Kayleigh ran to her mother and hugged her. \"You're alive!\" Juliana held her daughter closer, smoothing out Kayleigh's short hair, \"And you. You make me so proud-\" Juliana stopped mid sentence, staring at Garrett. Her face betrayed the same shock to which Kayleigh would never become accustomed. Before her mother could ask the question that Kayleigh knew was on her mind, Kayleigh gestured to him, \"Mother, I do not believe you have met the man who saved my life many times in the Forbidden Forest.\" Juliana slowly shook her head, but Kayleigh could see that her mother had an idea regarding Garrett's identity. Kayleigh smiled, taking Garrett's hand, and explained, \"This is Garrett,\" She paused, allowing her mother to take in the weighty knowledge, \"Father's squire. The battle would have been lost without him.\" Juliana's eyes widened, but she smiled, \"Then I owe you a great debt, Garrett. My daughter and I both do.\" At this, Arthur added, \"All of Camelot owes a tremendous debt to these two, and I intend to ensure that debt is paid in as fully as I can muster. Unfortunately, proper honors must wait until Camelot is restored. I must tell you as well that I will require your counsel in determining the actions to be taken with Ruber's followers. My knights are upstanding men of sound morals, but I fear they may be too eager to spill blood so soon after this attack.\" \"You wish to spare as many as possible, your highness, if I am not mistaken?\" Juliana inquired. Arthur nodded, \"You are, of all people, within your rights to demand that Ruber's followers be executed, but you are renowned for your clear judgement and wisdom. Whatever punishments you deem appropriate will likely be considered above even my own.\" Juliana's brow furrowed, \"My king, I am honored to be held in such lofty regard-\" \"My king!\" A man's voice interrupted. Kayleigh looked back and saw a grey-haired knight making his way towards the group. His purple tunic was spattered in mud and blood, and his expression was grave. He came to a stop and knelt, holding his right fist to his heart, and spoke, \"Your highness, I have surveyed the damage to the outer battlements and assessed the casualties to the men stationed there.\" Arthur gestured for the knight to stand, \"What is your report, Sir Lachtna? And your recommendation for our next actions?\" Sir Lactna took a deep breath, \"The battlements on the West wall are decimated. The wall will require heavy repair, and the ramparts must be rebuilt entirely. The damage near the gate is minimal, but construction on the new roof over the Round Table must be completely redone. We lost seven men to the Griffon- two of our archers managed to shoot it, but the beast would not be brought down. Three of our men were killed by the traitor's monsters- two shot with longbows and one slain in direct combat with one that managed to make its way to the battlements. Another five were wounded. As for my recommendation, your highness, I cannot give it without telling you that whatever separated Ruber's men from their weapons did not only affect our enemies.\" Arthur nodded, \"It healed the wounds sustained by our own?\" Sir Lachtna tilted his head, \"Your highness, how did you-\" As if in Reply, Arthur raised his right arm and pulled back his sleeve. He gritted his teeth and tore off the tight bandages that had wrapped the entire length of the limb. Kayleigh stared; there was scarring in what looked like the pattern of a massive bite, but the interior of the scarring was as smooth as if he had never been wounded. It was the same pattern she had seen after using the leaves in the Forbidden Forest. Sir Lachtna gaped, but regained his composure. Before he could speak, Arthur looked past the knight and called out, \"Wise Merlin, might you be able to lend us an explanation of this magic?\" The elderly wizard stepped forward, guiding two young boys with him. As they drew closer, Kayleigh recognized her young guards. It was obvious that they recognized her, as well, from the way their feet slowed and their posture tensed with every step they took towards her. When the wizard reached the group, the two boys broke away and huddled by Kayleigh's mother. Merlin's voice brought Kayleigh's attention back to the matter at hand. \"I must first know what caused the stone to react as it did. I suspect that the sword was returned to it. Is that correct?\" Arthur, Garrett , and Kayleigh nodded in unison. \"And Ruber was bonded to it, correct?\" Again, the trio quietly affirmed the wizard's assumptions. At this, the wizard continued, \"Then it appears that the stone so rejected Ruber's presence that it dissolved the magic used to bond the sword to him. This magic was present, then, not only on the traitor himself, but on his followers and every wound they inflicted. Naturally, in destroying the conflicting magic, the Stone undid all that had been done by it.\" Arthur looked to his arm, \"I trust your assessment, dear Merlin, but was the griffon formed by the same magic that formed the monstrosities?\" Merlin shook his head, \"It is possible that you were healed because you are the rightful king of Camelot.\" Sir Lachtna spoke next, \"With due respect, what of the dead? They are still lifeless, but their bodies show no marks of combat.\" Merlin sighed, \"Unfortunately, magic can take life as easily as any sword or beast of the wilderness, but once a life is taken, no magic can restore it.\" Arthur put his hand to his chin, a pensive note to his expression, \"Then it would be reasonable to expect that most of our living men are well... Still, it is without a doubt that some sustained injuries unrelated to whatever profane enchantment was undone. I will order physicians to heal to the best of their abilities whatever injuries remain.\" Before anyone else could interrupt, Arthur spoke again, \"Tell the knights and all remaining men who fought that they are to report to the Round Table as soon as the citizens' most urgent needs are met and the traitor's followers are sufficiently detained.\" At last, Lady Juliana spoke again, \"My king, may I offer a suggestion?\" Arthur simply nodded, giving the woman his full attention. Juliana inhaled deeply, then spoke, her voice calm and level, \"While I was held hostage, I was often attended by women and children, and it became apparent that many of Ruber's followers are not yet even adolescents. I ask that any of his followers who are not yet grown be treated as children- fed, treated with care, and watched closely- and not with the harshness that awaits their adult counterparts in the castle dungeons.\" Arthur nodded and turned to Sir Lachtna, \"Heed the Lady Juliana's wisdom. The youngest of his followers may yet make loyal citizens. If any of the former enemy can be spared, I would rather allow them to live. If we take life needlessly, we are no better than those who would have replaced us.\" Sir Lachtna nodded and dashed away- to his post, Kayleigh presumed. She kept her manners as Arthur politely took his leave. At last, she turned her attention to her mother. Juliana was gently comforting the two boys, who were still silent. Juliana met Kayleigh's eyes and explained, \"One of their brothers turned on them in his bloodlust. A knight gave his life to give me the time to sneak them to safety.\" Kayleigh sighed, \"At least he did not die in vain.\" The boys were clinging to each other, staring at Kayleigh with fear in their eyes. It hurt. Finally, the older one dared to speak, though he still clung to his younger brother, \"What's going to happen to us?\" There was a long, uncomfortable pause. Kayleigh was certain that while Camelot was recovering, the boys would be treated well. She could not, however, be certain of their fate once the rest of Ruber's former followers were brought for judgement. She reasoned that they would be spared and offered a chance to be normal citizens, but their mothers... there was a chance that they would not be separated- \"If it becomes necessary,\" Lady Juliana said, breaking the heavy silence, \"I will care for both of you.\" \"We shouldn't stay standing here any longer,\" Garrett's voice interrupted, \"There is a lot of work to be done before tonight.\" Kayleigh nodded, \"Garrett and I will help the knights. Mother, you should take those two to the Round Table with you.\" Juliana agreed, and the group split up, intent on the tasks at hand. UPDATED APRIL 11, 2015: Special thanks to DinoWriter23 for catching an error I missed in my haphazard excuse for proofreading last night. So now that I have had enough sleep to think clearly, here are my new Author's notes: Merlin's explanation here is quite a bit more nuanced than the one I originally had upon seeing the movie for the first time. I thought that the Stone simply healed magic-related injuries and left the normal ones alone. Essentially, if Garrett had been kicked in the face by a unicorn, he would have been healed. Obviously, that would be a harsh and out-of-character thing for Merlin to say, and there was nothing I could do to address that issue specifically that would have fit, so I had to make it so that there were other things left unhealed. That required another level of detail that I didn't really want to add. That being said, I am perfectly fine with separating the dragons and playing with the idea that Merlin could be wrong- or at least, not entirely right- about something. I am also perfectly fine with leaving Merlin's reputation in tact and having the dragons stay together, since it would stand to reason in his explanation that they wouldn't separate. I still haven't decided; both ways have their benefits and drawbacks. If there's something wrong with this chapter, please let me know so that I can fix it. If you have suggestions for future chapters, let me know. The decision to split the knighting and the wedding extends the story's timeframe by (and I'm probably not giving enough time to be realistic to any period in history) around a year, and will extend this project by around 5-10 chapters or more. I have plenty of room for plenty of ideas, since the movie didn't give any thought to the aftermath and combined the two events. So now I only have one pressing question: How far in-depth would you like me to go with the knighting ceremony? The type of ceremony on which I'm basing my portrayal was a three-day event. On the first day, the people to be knighted were bathed, dressed a certain way, and blessed. They then had lengthy conversations with senior knights and had a 10-hour vigil to pray and reflect on the responsibilities ahead. On the second day, there would be a special sermon/mass that explained the oath and responsibilities of a knight. At the end of the sermon/mass, the lord who would conduct the ceremony (in this case, king Arthur) would give a speech, then the knight-candidates would be brought forward by two sponsors. The candidates would take their oath and be dubbed as knights. Afterwards, there would be a reception involving a feast and a dance. The third day was usually a tournament, and I'm cutting it out because the last thing anyone in Camelot would want to see so soon after the attack is more combat, even in a sportsmanship context. Thank you guys for your support, Flautist4ever P.S. medievalist1, thank you for your kind words and encouragement.[Chapter 29] Kayleigh strained against the weight of an overturned wagon, doing her best to dislodge it from where it stubbornly dug into the rain-softened ground, parts of it having been driven into the mud by its own weight. Beneath it, somehow safe, a young child whimpered. She gritted her teeth and called out to the men helping her, \"Again!\" Once more, the group strained against the heavy timbers, made even heavier by the iron axles and braces that made the wagon fit for so many prior journeys, and almost managed to lift it enough for the child to crawl out from underneath. At their feet, weapons and tools lay useless; after several attempts at removing a section of the wagon, it was decided that they would not be able to make an opening without risking harm to the child inside. Again, the wagon refused to move any further. From the walls, alarmed shouts rang out, and Kayleigh saw a massive shadow circling above. She shielded her eyes and strained to make out its precise shape. Before any archers could fire at it, it began to land, and at last, Kayleigh recognized the familiar, two-headed form. The man beside Kayleigh drew his sword, and she put out her hand to hold him back. Before he could question her, she sprinted to where the dragons had landed. \"Devon! Cornwall!\" She shouted as she ran, \"You're alright!\" A voice from the castle wall called out a warning, but Kayleigh only quickened her pace. She skidded to a stop by the massive reptilian body, and the two heads nuzzled her in their attempt at a hug. The same voice ordered the knights to lower their weapons, and the dragons pulled away. Devon squirmed slightly under the stares from every angle. Finally, he spoke, his voice shaky but loud enough to be heard, \"How may we provide aid?\" Kayleigh gestured to the wagon, \"There's a child trapped under it, but something has it anchored to the ground. Could you help us lift it?\" Cornwall snorted. \"I'll move it on my own!\" He crowed loud enough that Kayleigh was certain that Arthur had heard it from the castle. At that, Devon shot his brother an annoyed glare. Kayleigh started towards the wagon and called out, \"Then hurry!\" The heads shared a glance and followed. Kayleigh turned to the men and gestured for them to step aside. At their questioning stares, Kayleigh reassured them, \"They are not malicious, and we do not have many other options, do we?\" From the near-hostility that remained in the knights' eyes as they hesitantly backed away to allow the dragons room to help, Kayleigh realized that, had Arthur not personally vouched for her, things would not be going so well at the moment. She blinked and pushed the thought to the back of her mind before stepping aside. At her queue, Devon and Cornwall examined the wagon. The heads shared a glance and pressed their weight against the side of the wagon. The wood creaked, and the dragons shifted so that their forelegs pushed upwards. There was a slow creaking as the dragons slowly wrenched the side of the wagon up. As the child began to crawl out from underneath the wagon Kayleigh saw that the reptiles' massive limbs were trembling from the strain. Moving quickly, she added her strength to theirs as the child scrambled the rest of the way out. She let go of the wagon and heard a small thud as the dragons did the same. One of the knights helped the child to her feet, and the girl turned around, starting to thank her rescuers. The child's eyes grew wide, and she stumbled backwards, her mouth agape. \"We are pleased that you are safe, small human,\" Devon meekly offered, bowing his head to the child's level and lowering his half of the shared body in an obvious attempt to seem less threatening. Kayleigh watched as Cornwall also tried to appear friendly, but only seemed to frighten the girl more. Before either head could ask what was wrong, the knight stepped in front of the child. \"I shall take her to find her mother,\" He spoke to the entire group, but his eyes were locked on Kayleigh, \"This is no place for a young girl, and such... creatures... cannot be good company for a child. The sooner she is returned to her family, the better.\" Without another word, he left, leading the girl to where a crowd of citizens were being interviewed as per Arthur's orders. It was well into the night when the last of the king's orders had been carried out, and even later by the time that Camelot's remaining defenders began to assemble in the chamber of the Round Table. Kayleigh stood with the small council that Arthur had personally amassed. To her right, her mother stoically waited for the king to begin the meeting. Immediately to her left, Garrett stood motionless and expressionless, and past him, five of Arthur's oldest and most trusted knights surveyed the growing crowd. In front of her, standing by the Round Table, were Arthur, Guinevere, and Merlin. As the last of the knights and soldiers- save for a few men who were assigned to guard Ruber's defeated forces- arrived, the din slowly grew as the men milled about. A pair of younger men, hardly older than boys, split from the main crowd, slowly migrating closer to the Round Table as they discussed their opinions. \"... Who that man is?\" One of them, slightly younger than the other, asked, clearly unaware that they were within earshot, \"Is he a prisoner?\" \"Arthur would never leave a prisoner unguarded,\" another replied, glancing warily in Kayleigh's direction, \"But I've never seen him before. Nor have I seen the boy to his right- the one clad in the honorably fallen Sir Lionel's colors.\" The first raised one eyebrow, \"I was told that Sir Lionel had no heir.\" At this, the second opened his mouth to reply. \"Is every man present whom I have commanded to join us tonight?\" Arthur's voice boomed, echoing around the chamber. At this, the din ceased, and every person's attention fixed on the king. Arthur scanned the crowd, his eyes narrowed as if personally accounting for every man's presence. At last, he spoke again, his voice grave, \"On this day, we endured an attack unlike any other. Our enemies were unlike any other. Their weapons were unlike any other. But it is with careful pride- a pride tempered by deep sorrow for the losses incurred in the battle today- that I commend each and every one of you, for you all fought this battle with a ferocity unlike any other.\" The king paused, taking a deep breath, \"Unfortunately, as in any other battle, there is only respite for the dead. We, the living, must not first plan for our own recoveries, but for the rehabilitation of those for whom our brothers died and for the restoration of our city.\" The king paused again, and there was a quiet murmur of agreement from the assembly. Arthur waited until the assembled men were silent once more before continuing, \"Plans for the restoration of our defensive walls have already been put in place, and the citizens whose houses were damaged will live in the castle keep until sufficient repairs are made. What remains now is to introduce those who will be included in the task of rendering judgment on those who sought to annihilate us, as their fates ought to be determined by council.\" He strode over to Kayleigh's mother and began, \"The fair and noble Lady Juliana, for her compassion and foresight in the face of the crimes committed against her and her family, will offer her advice in each case. I trust she will be treated with respect and dignity becoming of her position.\" As the crowd muttered their agreements, Arthur stepped towards Kayleigh, \"Young Kayleigh, the sole daughter and heiress of the noble Sir Lionel, for her bravery in traversing the Forbidden Forest itself to ensure our victory, will have her recommendations counted among yours as an equal.\" Kayleigh saw the two younger men grimace at the realization that they had been wrong in their assessment of her. The men remained silent as, lastly, Arthur put a hand on Garrett's shoulder and guided him a few steps forward, \"And squire Garrett, whose training should have continued after the tragic death of his mentor, Sir Lionel, for his valor in returning to Camelot and his role in our victory today, will advise you in the same fashion as Ladies Juliana and Kayleigh.\" When Arthur finished, there was no sound from the crowd. In the dim light of the torches and candles, Kayleigh could see more than one set of uncertain glances exchanged between skeptics. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw that Arthur clearly sensed the air of distrust hanging over the room. The king raised his chin and added, \"I have conferred with both Queen Guinevere and Good Merlin. It has been decided that the decade-long absences left by their fathers shall be filled in due time, when both young Kayleigh and loyal Garrett will sit as your fellow Knights of the Round Table.\" Kayleigh bit the tip of her tongue to stifle her shock, and tried to maintain a neutral expression; this was not the Forbidden Forest, she knew, and a lack of control in front of her father's brothers in arms would cast further doubt of Arthur into the hearts and minds of the people. She looked out the corner of her eye at Garrett. His posture had almost imperceptibly straightened, and his facial expression was unchanged, but she was almost certain that his face had paled slightly. She prayed that none of the knights had noticed. Looking out at the crowd, she could see that Arthur's decision was not being well-received. Finally, one of the men- a tall, pale soldier with the image of a lion emblazoned on his armor- stepped forward. Arthur raised an eyebrow, but nodded, \"Speak your piece, brave Sir Ywain.\" The knight of the lion spoke immediately, but his voice was as slow and steady as if the words had been practiced a thousand times, \"Your highness, I hold no objection to your decision, but the people will surely find it imprudent to bestow such honors upon a woman and a blind man. Were the fair Kayleigh a man of the quality she has demonstrated, none would doubt her merit, and were loyal Garrett a man with normal sight, the people would perhaps find it within themselves to ignore his stained parentage.\" Ywain threw a challenging glare around the room before he continued, \"No man here ever doubted Sir Lionel's judgment of character that their promotion would seem undeserved- and let any who disagree trade blows with me presently!- but the masses are not so privileged as to have personally known Sir Lionel, and it is reasonable to expect discontent among them in response to this course of action.\" Arthur nodded, \"There can be no argument against your reasoning, my friend, but I will not place the public opinion above the rightful payment of debts owed. I will be making this announcement to the people once their needs are met, and I can only hope that learning of the final blows of the battle will soothe their doubts.\" Sir Ywain bowed, \"Yes, my king. It is likely that you are correct- at least for the majority.\" Arthur nodded, \"Thank you, my friend. I will remember your counsel. As for the proceedings, we will begin the prisoners' trials as soon as our defenses are restored enough to function. The aforementioned conferment of knighthood to our young heroes will take place upon the completion of all repairs. Any man who gave his life in defense of Camelot will have highest honors bestowed upon him prior to his burial.\" For the first time since the meeting's commencement, there was a resounding sweep of approval. When it began to cease, Arthur raised a hand for silence and dismissed the meeting for the night. Author's notes: It's finally back! Whew! A lot has happened in the three weeks' hiatus, but I'll just cover what relates to the story here: 1. I decided to make more references to Arthurian legend, so I started doing research. 2. I realized that, if done carefully, I could actually fit The Search for Excalibur into a composite of the many Arthurian timelines by ending the story with the origin of Sir Percival- BUT THERE IS A CATCH! -In order to combine The Search for Excalibur with Percival's origin, I will need to end this part of the story immediately after the knighting ceremony and combine the courtship/wedding arc with Percival's origin in a sequel- and that sequel won't be particularly quick in coming. In an earlier Author's note, I said I didn't have the time to devote to a full-fledged sequel. This is true, as I am also trying to write an original project, and I promised myself that I would get that manuscript done before I attempted any more long (more than 10-chapter) FanFictions, so I could also just finish the story the way I planned to finish it. I weighed the benefits and drawbacks of each option, and I found about six more reasons to write it as a sequel; however, if you'd like this fic to end with Kayleigh and Garrett getting married, I don't blame you and will write it that way if that's what you guys want. Feel free to cast your vote in the poll on my FanFiction profile. I look forward to the results. Yours Truly, Flautist4ever[Chapter 30] One by one, the knights began to clear out of the chamber. Kayleigh scanned the crowd for Sir Lachtna, knowing that he would be garbed in purple. As the torches left with many of the men, however, it became harder to distinguish colors in the cold, dim moonlight. It was not until she spotted an older knight speaking with the king that she realized where her would-be father-in-law was. She tapped Garrett on the shoulder and quietly let him know where she would be going. She padded towards where Lachtna was joyfully discussing something with Arthur. She steeled her nerves to interrupt, but Lachtna had already spotted her, \"Milady, come here, if you please. The king and I were discussing the possibility of combining your conferment to knighthood with your marriage to my son- such events are made grander in combination, after all.\" He paused, looking her in the eye, \"But you have earned your right to make the final decision regarding the matter.\" Kayleigh fought to keep her voice calm and level, \"That is precisely the matter about which I need to speak to you. Would it be imprudent to request that we speak of it unaccompanied?\" Her voice was shaking uncontrollably now. The older knight raised an eyebrow, \"What in this matter would require such privacy? I should think you would speak of it unbidden.\" Kayleigh drew the dagger and held it flat in her hands. Her eyes burned as she explained, \"There will be no wedding, kind Sir.\" Lachtna took the dagger and examined it, his face growing stormy, \"Has my son offended you? If so, I assure you that shall be the only instance of it.\" \"Your son,\" Kayleigh's voice faltered, and she swallowed before continuing, her head bowed, \" Finton … Committed no transgression that would, in my eyes, threaten to stain his honor. But he could not defend himself against the traitor's numbers.\" The knife fell to the ground with a loud clang. Kayleigh looked up, and saw the shocked understanding on the old knight's features. She began to stammer her condolences, but he interjected, \"Were his wounds front? Surely he did not perish fleeing from battle!\" Kayleigh nodded, finally allowing tears to fall from her eyes, \"When I found his body, it was clear that he fought even to his demise. I could not retrieve his corpse, and his sword had been seized by Ruber's men for their own purposes.\" She knelt and picked up the dagger, offering it again to Sir Lachtna, \"But this, his last gift to me, was ever at my side, as he would- as he should- have been. It is only fitting that I return it to you when all other means are denied.\" Lachtna stared at the finely jeweled knife in Kayleigh's hands, finally taking it from her and staring blankly at it. At last, Arthur spoke, \"Lady Kayleigh, are you fit to lead a party to retrieve Squire Finton's body from its current place? Proper arrangements must be made for his burial,\" The king paused, turning to Sir Lachtna, \"And his appropriate title will be conferred before he is laid to rest.\" When the old knight did not respond, Arthur gently added, \"I offer you my condolences, my dear friend. Your son was a hero.\" Lachtna simply nodded, quietly replying, \"Thank you, your majesty. If you will permit me, my king, I would request your permission to retire for tonight.\" \"Rest, my friend,\" the king answered, \"You may consider that your king's command.\" Lachtna began to trudge toward the chamber's exit, uttering his thanks over his shoulder before leaving as if in a trance. Kayleigh wished she could have saved her fiancé all those nights ago. As if the king had sensed her thoughts, he addressed her, \"I expect you to leave with your party before the fortnight is over.\" Kayleigh turned around, \"Yes, my king.\" \"Your mother will show you to your chambers,\" King Arthur added, \"I have need to speak with Squire Garrett tonight. You may see him in the morning, at breakfast. After that, I will need to speak to both of you before you begin your day's work.\" \"Yes, sire,\" Kayleigh answered, her mind still occupied with Finton, \"As you command.\" With that, Kayleigh and her mother left for the night. Behind her, the king called Garrett over. Garrett's stomach sank as he walked towards Arthur. Sir Ywain had had a point, and perhaps it was better for Camelot that one family line never return to knighthood. He was certain that he was going to be asked to leave again, and his mind reeled as he tried to think of what he would tell Kayleigh if he indeed had to leave— \"We have much to discuss,\" the king's voice interrupted the man's thoughts, \"that should have been brought to light ten years ago.\" Garrett nodded, \"Yes, my king.\" There was a pause, silent and uncomfortable, before Queen Guinevere's voice sounded from beside Arthur, \"My husband and I bid you speak freely and sincerely tonight. Our ends require it so.\" \"I give you my word, then,\" Garrett replied, \"that I will not speak falsehoods, nor leave urgent matters unsaid.\" \"Then let us begin,\" Arthur replied, a note of approval in his voice, \"With the first matter. You were of age at the time of Ruber's betrayal, were you not?\" Garrett slowly nodded, \"I believe so. But I fail to understand your intent in asking that question, your highness.\" There was a pause, and it sounded like Arthur shifted his weight before answering, \"After that horrid incident, I had hoped to restore what little there was that could be restored. You are the only rightful heir to Ruber's land and fortune, are you not?\" Garrett nodded again, and Arthur continued, \"I wish to establish you as lord over your father's fief. The lords over the adjoining lands have taken turns patrolling its borders and ensuring order, but it has gone far too long without a man in permanent authority over it.\" \"My king,\" Garrett incredulously protested, \"Surely this will not bode well with the people; a man is as his father in their eyes—\" \"Do you recall the times just after I first pulled Excalibur from its place in the stone, Garrett?\" Arthur interrupted the man before he could protest any further. Garrett considered the question thoughtfully. He remembered his father arriving late one night, visibly furious even beneath his heavy armor. Garrett remembered his mother's soft voice, barely audible through the walls of their house, trying to calm her husband as he raved about the injustice of it all. He remembered her cry of pain when her attempts to soothe Ruber's blind fury went too far, and she found herself receiving a stern blow, though Garrett had never learned from what. He remembered crouching by the door to his room, listening as she dared to fight back— an action that made her the object of nearly the entire town's scorn once word of it began to circulate— and he remembered the air of resignation that crept over the house as Ruber at last decided to submit to the authority of the strange boy-king who possessed Excalibur. Everything else had happened too quickly for Garrett to remember clearly. Finally, he shook his head, \"No, my king— at least, not in terms any larger than my own household.\" \"Such is not unexpected,\" The king replied evenly, \"You were still a young child at the time, and it is a matter left undiscussed by many.\" Arthur paused, and Garrett thought he heard the king take a steadying breath before continuing, \"As you know, Excalibur could only be retrieved from its place by the true king: a worthy heir of Uther Pendragon— my father.\" There was a long pause, and Arthur frankly explained, \"I am a bastard, sired under questionable circumstances, born to the wife of his mortal enemy, and hidden among peasants until Merlin located me. You can understand, then, that when Excalibur proved me to be Uther's heir and yet I failed to rule exactly as he had, there were those who ascribed the feat to some deceptive enchantment concocted by Merlin, and so believed that I was merely a pawn intended as a thin guise for his political intentions. Many of the people who held that belief rebelled at first. In those first battles, more lives were lost than I ever wished to see in my entire reign.\" The king paused, \"In time, they saw the truth and changed their ways, but the damage was done. I realized that the people are prejudiced and fickle. That is why I wish to install you as lord over your familial lands; it is time that the people learn that a man's honor and worth lies in his actions, and not in his blood.\" \"Then it is not by my own merit that you make this promotion?\" Garrett asked. \"Do you suppose I would give you such authority if you had inherited your father's disloyalty— or perhaps his greed, pride, or self-entitlement?\" Arthur calmly challenged, taking Garrett slightly off-guard. \"I should hope not, my king,\" Garrett answered quickly. \"Your actions have proven you worthy,\" King Arthur continued, \"from the day you were blinded.\" \"Sire?\" Garrett asked, \"What do you mean?\" \"You lost your sight freeing the horses with whose protection you were charged, did you not?\" \"Yes, my king,\" Garrett replied, \"But had I not been careless, the fire would not have started at all.\" \"True, but pray tell, did it occur to you to abandon your post for fear of your own life?\" Garrett remained silent. He resented the veiled accusation that he would do such a thing! What man would leave such a responsibility untended? Arthur's voice snapped Garrett from his thoughts, \"After your mother died, did you not seek out someone to write your father so that arrangements could be made? And when he neither replied nor came to help, did you not yourself make those arrangements to the best of your ability? And when you left Camelot, was it in fear of the people's wrath? Surely, had you fled in fear , you would not have gone to the Forbidden Forest, of all places!\" Garrett remained silent, each wound freshly reopened in his heart. Of course he had saved the horses! It was his duty— how could he have faced anyone if he had let such expensive beasts die without even making an attempt to save them? And his mother— the kind, gracious, temperate woman who fought so valiantly to maintain her household's reputation? It was his father's hideous disdain upon her death that caused Garrett to abnegate his father's name, heraldry, and colors— even if nobody else would grant him the courtesy of recognizing that action. As for his flight from Camelot… He had contemplated it every night since arriving in the forest, and had tried to imagine how it could have been avoided. It was his fault that the traitor had escaped, and to continue to live in Camelot would have been a loutish reminder of the stain on the Knights' honor— and on that of Arthur. But a new question formed in the former hermit's mind, \"My king, how did you know of my actions at the stables? Or of those regarding my mother?\" \"A king,\" Arthur explained gently, \"is required by position to be aware of the lives and families of his vassals. Even were I not required by position to know such things,\" Arthur added, his voice becoming more matter-of-fact, \"It was difficult not to eavesdrop upon Ruber's conversations with his fellow lords— particularly when discussing matters of family. It was uncouth and ignoble of me to allow my curiosity to goad me to take an interest in such private matters… Yet, some part of me felt that, unless I disguised myself as a common beggar and tested each of my knights, I would never see them more clearly than in the confidentiality of their fellow knights.\" Garrett pondered this for a moment, \"Then why did you allow my father to remain a knight? Surely, you understood how likely he would turn on you, his king, if even his own family were, to him, the source of every inconvenience he sought to eradicate. \" Arthur sighed, and when he spoke at last, his voice was heavy, \"Unfortunately, you are correct to question my motive in allowing him his position. At first, I suppose that I thought that surrounding him with the other knights— most as noble and trustworthy as Sir Lionel— would instigate a change in his attitudes. As time progressed, I began to rely on his unmatched prowess in battle— and began to fear what would happen should our interests conflict.\" Arthur paused once more before speaking in an utterly broken voice, \"I can only beg God in Heaven that my misjudgment be forgiven someday.\" Garrett said nothing; there was nothing to be said. Author's Notes: Sorry about the continued lateness of these chapters. Thank you guys for your continued support. Your reviews, PM's, and patience mean a lot to me. I've continued, in the very minimal free time I have, to work on that original project so that I can get it done and make that sequel to The Search for Excalibur . It's far from finished, but these things take time. As for the content of this chapter, I have several notes: 1. There are many, many variations of Arthur's origins, but in most, he is the son of Uther Pendragon. The first version of Arthur's origins I heard is the one I'm using here- not just because it's the first one I heard, but because I felt like it would be a little more relevant in this case. 2. No, this Arthur is nothing like the Arthur of legend. This is a heavily romanticized and cleaned-up version of the legends, but, in order to be somewhat true to the movie, I had to change things up a bit from the legends. 3. If you guys would like to read it, I've got a prequel cooked up in my mind. Let me know. 4. I'm not sure, but I think I may have made Arthur a bit creepy. May change some of his lines later... unless you guys are okay with it. Critique is welcome and appreciated. Yours truly, Flautist4ever[Chapter 31] The sun beat down as the procession slowed to a halt on the road. The rider in front dismounted and scurried to the side where a hastily covered body lay barely protected from the elements. The rider tied a cloth around her face, blocking out the smell, and reached out with gloved hands to examine the cadaver. \"This is him!\" she called to the rest of the procession. It barely looked like her old friend. She had managed to protect his face from the worst of the damage, but the carrion birds and beasts had already begun their work on the rest of the body. The mortician had his work cut out for him, and Kayleigh stepped away to let him take over. She did not notice that Garrett had dismounted until he was standing beside her. For a long time, neither of them spoke; Kayleigh had long since recounted most of her relationship with her late fiance- from the first time she met him to the times they had trained together in secret all the way to the moment she had left his body where it lay now- and had learned that Garrett had also had something of a friendship with the deceased before Lionel's death. It had been Fintan who had helped a much younger Garrett contact his father following his mother's death, and on the odd occasion Fintan was in Camelot, the two would help each other train. Fintan had helped Garrett with wrestling and unarmed combat, while Garrett had taught Fintan the finer points of using a quarterstaff. She bit back her tears. Fintan had been both of their friend since before they had ever known each other. She could not help feeling, now more than ever, that Fintan should have lived to come with her to the Forbidden Forest and that the three should have found and returned Excalibur together. She wondered what it might have been like to have him by her side in the Forest, if his sanity might have made everything easier or if having a third person traveling with them would have made their journey slower. \"It was kind of you to try to preserve the body,\" Garrett interrupted before she could allow her tears to fall. He did not put his hand on her shoulder as he used to in the Forbidden Forest. The lack of touch felt wrong. Everything felt wrong. It was all wrong and Kayleigh was powerless to set it right. She had been wrong to let Fintan leave. She had been wrong to sulk weaponless on the beach. She had been wrong not to fully cover the body. She had been wrong to fall for Garrett. She had been wrong when she nearly caused his death. She had been wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong! \"I shouldn't have let him leave,\" she murmured, her voice tight and her anxiety beginning to spill out, \"I should have followed him.\" \"What's done is done, Maid Kayleigh.\" The title was wrong. Not incorrect, wrong. Its wrongness ate at her. \"I know, Squire Garrett.\" She did her best not to spit the title in her frustration, remembering that she was not cross with him. They stood in silence while the crew finished preparing the body to be brought to the Ó Corcráin lands. For burial. It was wrong. Everything was wrong. The funeral went as well as it could have, considering the three caskets containing the three eldest of the Ó Corcráin brothers. The remaining three brothers had been silent the entire time. Sir Lachtna held his wife closely while their daughters stood quietly by their husbands. Save for the eldest, who had offered to remain in the house to watch over her own children and nieces and nephews. Arthur delivered a moving speech, granting each of the fallen brothers a title in honor of their sacrifice. It was what he had done for far too many young men these days. The caskets were lowered, and Kayleigh placed a rose on top of Fintan's before it was buried. She stayed longer than most, but made herself leave before any of his blood relatives did; they needed to grieve together as a family, and it was a family that did not include her. She cringed as she walked back to their house. In a way, she felt as though she were responsible for their suffering. Perhaps she was. Perhaps she was just wallowing in self-pity again. She left that night, not wanting to cause more grief. Or perhaps wanting to run away from her own grief. She was not entirely sure. It took her three days to return to her own home. It felt just as ominous now as it had when she left. She took extra time caring for her horse- not the cream mare she had ridden since the age of thirteen and which she had ridden in her escape, but a gorgeous dappled stallion given to her by Arthur himself from the royal stables- partly because such a fine creature deserved extra care and partly because she dreaded walking back into the house. When she could no longer justify spending any more time in the barn, she looked outside. It was still light enough. Perhaps she could sneak down to her old training spot on the beach? She leaned on a post. The beach would only bring back memories of her capture. She took as deep a breath as she could, filling her lungs until they felt like they would burst before sucking in just a little more air. She exhaled and walked up to the house. Her mother greeted her and ushered her inside. She vaguely heard her mother explaining that Mochan and Drustan were in Camelot, being cared for until their fate could be decided. The first thing she felt when she saw the interior of the house was a wave of relief. Much of the damage had been repaired, and the tapestry had been removed from the wall. She was not sure if it could be repaired like nearly everything else, but she pushed the question from her mind long enough to have a light conversation with her mother before helping with the evening meal. The meal was largely silent. Kayleigh guessed that her mother did not want to press her about the funeral. Neither of them had much to say. Kayleigh picked at her food, feeling ashamed that she could not finish her plate but unable to stomach even the thought of more than a few bites. Juliana finished her food and asked Kayleigh to help unset the table. After the meal had been cleared away, Kayleigh bade her mother a good night. She stared at the door to her own room. She reached out to open the door but her hand trembled too much to open it. She fell to her knees as flashbacks wormed their way past her defenses. Again. And again. Ceaselessly. The guard's cockiness as he walked into the room. The knife cutting through her bonds. His hand squeezing her jaw as he taunted her. The moment her knife met his neck. It was too much. Kayleigh passed out there in the hallway. When she awoke, she had been covered with a thin blanket and sat up against the wall. It was late in the night. She looked to the side and saw her mother sitting beside her. Kayleigh thought she was asleep, but Juliana stirred as soon as Kayleigh tried to stand up. \"You'll have to face it soon,\" Juliana murmured, getting up, \"But for tonight at least, you may sleep in one of the chairs by the hearth. Were you still as small as you used to be, I might have carried you downstairs myself.\" Juliana paused, looking at Kayleigh with bittersweet realization in her eyes, \"I cannot explain, but even though I know you are grown, the realization still amazes me.\" Juliana sniffed. \"I pray you will understand when your own child is grown.\" \"Thank you, mother.\" Kayleigh replied, standing up and reaching out to help her mother from the floor. She hugged Juliana as she continued, \"For everything.\" \"Get some sleep, Kayleigh,\" Juliana ordered gently, \"We are meeting the other townswomen in the morning to start on the laundry. I think you would benefit from the normalcy.\" Kayleigh nodded and padded downstairs. She felt heavy, but -she realized with a tired sort of relief- she was starting to feel somewhat real again. She curled up in her father's chair by the empty fireplace. Before she drifted off again, she prayed for the strength to face everything that had happened and gave thanks for her mother's love and support through it all. \"Kayleigh!\" her mother's voice woke her from her (thankfully dreamless) sleep. \"Yes, mother?\" Kayleigh replied, her voice oddly energetic considering she had yet to open her eyes, \"What is it?\" \"We must leave now if we are to be on time to meet the other women and start the laundry.\" Juliana half-pulled Kayleigh from the chair. \"If we are to make a swift return to normalcy, there is much work to be done. Besides, you have no business sleeping your days away.\" Kayleigh opened her eyes and nodded. At that, Juliana shoved a large basin into Kayleigh's arms. It was heavy- packed to the brim with nearly half of the laundry to be started, a box of ashes for the lye, and another box of herbs to perfume the laundry as it soaked. She peered over her basin at her mother, who was carrying the rest of the household's laundry in a basket on her back. She followed her mother down to the gate and onto the path to the town before putting the basin on her head and using her hand to steady it. For a while, they walked quietly, focusing on traveling to the riverbank by the town without wasting too much energy on conversation. Kayleigh was grateful for this, as she still felt drained from the past few weeks. It would be nice, once the laundry was soaking and only needed to be disturbed every so often, to have some fairly mindless work to distract her. \"I've missed this, Kayleigh.\" Juliana's words took Kayleigh by surprise. There was still a little longer to walk before they reached the town, and there was nobody else to be seen. Still, Kayleigh had to take a minute to process her mother's sudden candidness. \"I-\" Kayleigh racked her mind for the right words- \"I might have missed it were it not for…\" Juliana laughed. Kayleigh could not be sure whether her mother meant it or not. Before Kayleigh could ask, her mother replied, \"You never had any great love of domestic chores, Kayleigh.\" \"... I find I appreciate them more now…\" Juliana hummed in approval. \"Your newfound appreciation for laundry pleases me.\" \"I am glad of that.\" \"I doubt it will last very long after we have all recovered.\" Juliana quipped. Kayleigh wanted to agree, but her voice abandoned her before she could begin her answer. Her mother caught on instantly, \"Moving on is always hardest after the worst has passed and all that remains is to go about life as normal, even if it seems a little emptier than before.\" \"Will the emptiness ever go away?\" Kayleigh swore she already knew the answer. \"Some of it.\" Juliana looked to the sky, \"But I think it's better to miss someone constantly than to feel no difference in their absence. Do you agree?\" Kayleigh thought about it for a moment, \"I do. Thank you, mother.\" Juliana smiled, \"For now, let us focus our attention on the laundry. I shall require the assistance of the strength you've built up over the years despite my protests.\" Kayleigh snorted, \"I shall be happy to put it to use, then.\" For a while, the two women walked along in comfortable silence. As they approached the edge of the town, Kayleigh stopped for a moment. \"Mother,\" she began quietly, \"I- I am sorry for worrying you so over the years. I see now that you only wanted to ensure my safety, and I repaid your love and concern by acting in rebellion and speaking harshly. I'm sorry.\" Juliana set her basket down and placed a comforting hand on Kayleigh's shoulder, \"I forgive you. Now let us hurry or we shall be late to start, and that wouldn't do, would it?\" Kayleigh shook her head and followed her mother quickly through the town to where the other townswomen had met. When they returned home that night, Kayleigh felt truly at peace for the first time in her twenty years. Author's Notes: I promised I wouldn't abandon this! I know it's been a really long time, and I shouldn't have let it go so long before updating, but here it is now. Thank you- each and every one of you- for sticking around while I took forever to update this thing. Special Thanks to FlashFan123, AquaDestinysEmbrace, and DinoWriter65 for sticking with me and encouraging me through this chapter. They really worked hard to keep me on task. Thanks again, Flautist4ever P.S. If you're wondering what happened, you can PM me on here or yell at me on my Tumblr. I also have an AO3 account on which I plan to post a more coherent, revised version of this when I finish writing and revising it. Both new accounts are under the same screenname.[Chapter 32] As if the land itself were mourning the loss of life during and directly after Ruber's invasion, Autumn came in cold and grey and on the tail end of a storm. Kayleigh had left her house, wearing a waxed cloak and a thick traveling dress to protect against the cold and wet, to meet with the other landlords in her region to discuss how to manage what resources Ruber's army had left behind. Her plan was to travel four days to Garrett's new lands and ride with him over the course of a week to meet with the others at a tavern on the border between Sir Lachtna's and Sir Sagramore's lands. Though her stallion was a fine horse, she found herself missing the speed of flying with Devon and Cornwall. The two had proven themselves most useful during the trials, and had since decided to offer their services as messengers for Arthur whenever a matter could not wait the usual days or weeks to be settled by horseback or foot messenger. Parting with them had been uncertain, but they visited somewhat regularly and seemed quite happy with their position. It seemed the people who lived within the city of Camelot were warming up to them quickly, and they had started taking on private messages and deliveries when the king had no work for them. Perhaps, she mused, she would meet them while on her way to meet Garrett. Kayleigh did not happen across her dragon friends while on her travels, but she did arrive early, just as the sun finally set on her third day of travelling. Aiden greeted her as soon as she reached the main gate. The falcon nuzzled her as she let herself in before guiding her to the stable and flying off, presumably to alert its master to his visitor. In the meantime, Kayleigh unsaddled her horse and led it to an empty stall. She had just finished brushing out the creature's mane and tail when she heard Garrett walk into the stable. She put up the tack and shoveled some more hay into the stall before turning to greet her host. Her breath caught in her throat. Garrett had brushed his hair out and wore it tied back so it no longer obscured his face, his old green tunic from the Forest had been replaced with a new red one embroidered with black thread around the neckline and bottom hem. He held himself differently too, neither the comfortable half-slouch he used in the forest nor the unnaturally straight and stiff posture he used in Camelot, but the confident air of someone born to his position. \"Kayleigh, are you alright?\" he asked after what she realized was a longer pause than intended. \"You- you look well, that is all.\" Was the stable on fire or was it her? Kayleigh guessed the latter since there was a distinct lack of panicked horses trying to escape. \"I take it you are handling your new position well?\" Garrett smiled and offered his hand. \"Care to look around for the both of us?\" Kayleigh stifled a laugh and took his hand. \"Just like before, huh? You lead the way and I'll tell you what it all looks like.\" \"Almost like before. This time we only have to worry about being spotted by the gossips.\" \"What would mother say if word got around to her that we've come to enjoy each other's company?\" Kayleigh raised the back of her hand to her forehead in mock distress. \"Especially after having spent so long together to find Excalibur and save the kingdom? One would think we were in love or something!\" She giggled, failing any attempt at subtlety she might have made. Garrett smiled and traced her face with his hands. \"One would be right, you know...\" \"Mother bade me ask when we plan to announce our betrothal.\" She sighed. \"And the terms thereof...\" Garrett took her hands in his and listened for a moment. \"Is there anyone around?\" Kayleigh looked, just to be certain. \"No, there is nobody in sight.\" \"I want to negotiate the terms of our betrothal after we are knighted... So that I may take your name without so much scandal.\" Kayleigh gaped, \"Garrett… You're taking my name?\" He smiled. \"There's not exactly a precedent for two knights marrying each other, is there? Whatever we choose to do with our names will be our choice.\" He let go of her hand before she could hug him. \"Now we'd best get to the house before someone comes looking for us. Propriety, after all.\" Kayleigh raised an eyebrow but humored him. She took a deep breath, masked her giddiness behind her well-practiced neutral face, and ran through the economic matters at hand. Over the next few hours, they discussed their plans for surviving the winter without the resources that had been lost or stolen. By the time Kayleigh retired to her guest room, they had worked out plans that would see them and their people through the winter, but with nothing leftover. They had agreed that, to prepare for any unforeseen trouble, they would return to the Forbidden Forest once more to hunt. Whether they would bring a party with them was a matter they debated both for and against; extra hands meant precious more food could be brought back, but whether those hands would survive the forest was another matter entirely. An idea came to Kayleigh as she fell asleep and she prayed she would remember it later, when she could propose it. The next day saw them on the road for what would be several days' unchaperoned travel. The first time since their quest. It was familiar and different all at once. Memories of their last journey together made it uncomfortable, and the reminder that nobody was in immediate peril lessened the effect. Kayleigh decided she could get used to this. Kayleigh pitched her idea was soon as they reached the road, and they had thoroughly discussed it by the time they stopped to let their horses rest for the first time. If, and only if, it became necessary to hunt in the Forbidden Forest during the winter, they would ask for volunteers. A fortnight would be dedicated to training and selecting the best handful of men to accompany them. Each would be made as aware of the risks as possible, and they would travel in a carefully planned order; Garrett would lead with Ayden as his eyes. Kayleigh would rotate with the rest of the men for rear guard, but would be the unquestioned second-in-command. Anyone who opposed the chain of command would be removed from the party before they ever set out for the forest. All that remained was to tell the others this plan so they could gather volunteers from their own people if the need arose. With business completely exhausted for the time being, the conversation turned to alternating banter and comfortable silence. The journey largely passed in that manner, and they arrived at the tavern in time to meet up with Sir Sagramore and Sir Lachtna. \"It is good to see you have made good time,\" Sir Sagramore greeted them. It took a moment for Kayleigh to understand his words through his harsh foreign accent. \"I trust your journey was pleasant?\" He added after a moment. It dawned on Kayleigh that he was used to his accent getting in the way of communication at first. \"We met no trouble.\" Kayleigh replied, \"How go your preparations for winter?\" \"They are going well.\" Sir Sagramore answered, leading them through the tavern to a table in a corner, where Sir Lachtna, Sir Dagonet, and Sir Gingalain sat. \"I think we may be in a position to render aid if necessary. What of you and yours, Maid Kayleigh? You were initially targeted, no?\" \"Squire Garrett and I have devised a plan to sustain our people through the winter with the aid we have been offered previously,\" Kayleigh reported as she took her seat at the table, \"but there will be nothing left over unless we augment it with a hunt in the Forbidden Forest.\" Sir Lachtna abruptly set his drink on the table, gulping down what he had almost inhaled. \"Forgive my bluntness,\" he began, his voice tight, \"But not even Sir Lionel was so foolish! And your mother forbade us to speak of his antics lest you get any ideas!\" Sir Sagramore raised an eyebrow, \"That must have been before I arrived.\" Sir Gingalain nodded, \"Indeed. He very quickly abandoned his wilder exploits after Kayleigh was born. She swore us to secrecy when Kayleigh began to run around on her own. You didn't arrive until some time later.\" \"That explains it.\" Sir Lachtna shot the others a look before he added, \"You are mere months away from sitting at the Round Table, so I suggest you put away such foolishness!\" Sir Dagonet snorted, \"Oh, do calm down! Better to have a pair of fools than a pair of cowards sitting at the Table.\" \"You would know about that, wouldn't you?\" Sir Lachtna replied flatly. He turned back to Kayleigh and Garrett, only slightly calmer. \"What in Heaven's Name has possessed you that you would consider an hunt in the Forbidden Forest?\" Garrett's hands fidgeted, but his face remained stoic, \"I know the Forest well enough to have led Maid Kayleigh through it even with Ruber and his men on our trail. The young lady herself was able to fend for both of us when I was hurt. I do not make light of the dangers of the Forest, but we believe that a small volunteer expedition of trained and obedient men may stand a chance of returning with enough to ease the strictness of the planned rations.\" Sir Lachtna's expression told Kayleigh he did not favor the plan. Sir Sagramore and Sir Gingalain appeared only marginally more interested. Sir Dagonet was barely containing a wistful smile. Kayleigh got the distinct feeling she was going to learn more about her father before the talks were over. Garrett shifted. \"We are fully aware of the risks, and thus chose to ask for your guidance and expertise. The four of you know how to lead men and convince them to follow your orders. Whatever you can teach us will go a very long way in ensuring this plan's success should we need to implement it.\" The four exchanged a look. Incredulity was not quite the right word, but Kayleigh required no words to understand what the men were thinking. Kayleigh put on her best neutral expression, straightened her back, and sighed internally. This was going to be a very long meeting. Three days of planning and debating later, the meeting finally ended. Kayleigh and Garrett agreed not to put their plan into action unless the winter ran long and no further aid was available. Kayleigh had indeed learned more about her father. It explained a lot about herself, but she pushed the new information to the back of her mind lest she upset her mother by speaking of it. The two fell into a comfortable silence on the return trip, only occasionally breaking the silence to discuss their upcoming conferment to knighthood or potential terms for merging and jointly managing their combined holdings. Sometimes, when they could be absolutely certain they were alone, they dared to hold hands or refer to each other without honorifics. Kayleigh relished those moments. She could never admit how much she had longed for simple, affectionate touch even before meeting Garrett. Even simply walking hand-in-hand brought her a feeling of safety she had missed since leaving the Forest. It was safety and comfort she could not hope to explain without scandal, and yet it was the least scandalous feeling she knew. A precious handful of those moments later, they arrived at Garrett's house again. Tactfully, and with adequate poise for their impending ranks, they bade each other goodbye and parted ways. Their plans for surviving the winter were in motion, and though there was still much to be done, it would be done. Kayleigh's solo trip back home was lonelier than she would willingly admit. The silence was no longer comfortable, but she kept her ears open lest any straggling bandits attempt to steal from her. As the gate to her property faded into view, she offered a silent prayer of thanks for her luck before nudging her horse to a leisurely trot. The animal must have sensed her restlessness or else she had urged it on unthinkingly. Before she knew it, she was barrelling down the road, practically crouched in the saddle, with the wind whipping at her face. It did not stop the loneliness like she had hoped. She regained control of her horse and slowed the creature back down to a walk, and then a stop at the gate. She dismounted and led the fine animal up the path to the barn. She swallowed and reminded herself that her loneliness would not last forever. Author's Notes: I know I apologize in like all of these nowadays, but I mean it. I'm sorry this thing is taking so long to finish! Thank you for bearing with me, and for commenting and especially those of you who put up with my whining all the time (you know who you are). I'm trying to include more of the knights as I can work them into the story. Hopefully I'll be able to roll out the last 2-3 chapters sooner. No idea what's going to happen after I finish this. As always critique is welcome. As always, thanks for bearing with me. You guys are the best! ","Summary":" In an emerald green field, completely empty save for a curious circle of mammoth boulders around a "},{"Movie":"Carrie","Title":"It's the simple things","Author":"Knicksfan23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12491341","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n: I hope everyone enjoys this fan fiction story! Chapter 1 \"Don't be afraid of the ball, ladies!\". Said Ms. Desjardin. Everyone was hitting the volleyball while being in the pool. \"Let's get Carrie white into the game. Come on, Carrie. You can't stand on the sidelines all the time\". Carrie held the volleyball in her hands. Everyone was clapping and cheering for Carrie. She hit the ball and it smacked Sue on the back of the head. All the ladies started laughing and so did Christina. \"Ha ha. very funny\". Said sue. 'Sorry'. Mouthed Carrie as she laughed nervously. Sue wasn't mad at Carrie. She nodded and winked at Carrie to let her know it was no harm, no foul. Chris threw the ball at Carrie. \"You eat shit!\". She said. \"Chris!\". Sue exclaimed. \"What?\". Asked Chris. \"Why are you so mean to Carrie?\". Sue asked. \"Because I like to be mean! Why do you care?\". Snapped Chris. \"Ladies! Please no fighting!\". Ms. Desjardin yelled. \"Stay out of it, Ms. Desjardin!\". Yelled Chris. \"What?\". Ms. Desjardin yelled. \"Answer my question, Sue! Why do you care about that freak? Do you like her or something?\". Chris was pushing Sue's buttons. \"Actually, I do! Carrie is really smart. And she's funny. And very pretty\". Sue stood up for Carrie as she got close to Chris' face. \"Good for her! So why don't you two marry each other and fuck!\". Shouted Chris. Sue had enough. She slapped Chris as Chris held her own face in shock. \"Hey!\". Screamed Ms. Desjardin. \"That's IT! Everybody out of the pool\". After everyone showered and was either going to lunch or there next class, Carrie walked up to Sue. \"H-Hi. Sue\". Sue smiled at Carrie. \"Hi! I'm sorry about what Chris said. She's such a-\" \"Th-thank you. For standing up for me. But why. Why did you have a-a change of heart?\". \"Cause my parents would disappointed in me if they knew that I was laughing with all the other girls, when you didn't know you had your period\". Carrie just nodded. Then she left to her English class. \"Wait!\". Said Sue. \"Mind if I walk with you to our next class?\". She asked. Carried nodded awkwardly. \"L-let's go\". While Mr. Edwards sat in his chair at his desk, he said, \"Carrie. Do you have a poem you'd like to share?\". \"Y-yeah\". She got up and read her poem. Everyone was laughing as she read it. \"Oh...Okay. That's the most you've said in class all year. Are you done scaring us for the day?\". The teacher was laughing as the the class was laughing too. \"Asshole\". Sue mumbled. \"What was that, Sue?\". Asked . \"Awesome. I thought what Carrie read was awesome. Didn't you, ?\". Sue gave him a cold look. After class was over Carried stormed out of there with a few different books in her hands. Sue just looked on. While Carrie was in the library she was reading about telekinesis. And super powers. \"Hey, Carrie. What are you reading?\". Carried looked up to see Sue. \"Nothing. I'm reading about-\" \"Telekinesis, huh? That's interesting\". Sue sat down as stared at the books Carried had on the table. \"Carrie. Can I ask you a question?\". \"What is it?. Carried asked. \"How would you like to go out to dinner with me, tomorrow night\". Sue gently bit her lip. \"I can't\". Carrie said as she continued reading. \"It'll be really fun! Just you and I\". Sue tried to persuade Carrie. \"But my momma says-\" \"Please , Carrie. I'll have you home by 10:00 the latest\". \"No\". Carrie whispered loud enough for Sue to hear her. Sue gently held Carrie's hand and Carrie found herself blushing. \"Please. If not for yourself, then for me\". Carrie out the book down and smiled at Sue. \"Okay\". Carrie said quietly. \"Great! I'll pick you up at 7:30\". \"I'd like that\". Carrie's smiled grew from ear to ear. \"Wait. Where are we going?\". \"it's a surprise!\". Sue smiled. Sue wanted to kiss Carrie so bad. As Sue and Carrie became great friends, Sue was finding herself thinking about Carrie. And Carrie smiled to herself every time she saw Sue. *Later that night* Sue was having dinner with her parents and her older brother. Her parents were talking about this movie they saw last night. And her brother was looking at his Facebook feed. \"Sue, honey. You've hardly touched your dinner\". Said her mom. \"is everything okay?\". \"Huh- yeah. I'm just...I really like this girl who goes to my school, and...I think I have a crush on her\". Said Sue. \"Oh, yeah? What's her name?\". Her dad asked. \"Carrie. Carrie white\". \"You mean the crazy witch who has a psycho for a mother?\". Her old brother, John, asked. \"Hey!\". Sue said defensively. \"You don't know her like I do\". \"I thought you were dating Tommy Ross\". \"I am. But I developed feelings for Carrie and...Yeah. I'm gonna tell Tommy and just hope that he takes it well. Sue said. *Later that same night* \"Hello?\". Tommy answered. \"Hey!\". Said Sue. \"Hi. What's up?\". Tommy was clearing his throat. \"I have to tell you something, Tommy. And please, please don't freak out, okay?\". Begged Sue. \"Okay\". Said Tommy. \"I...I'm in love with Carrie white! And I-I think we should just stay friends\". \"You love Carrie? Sue, you can't help who you fall for. I'm happy for you. So if you want her, then my advice is to go get her\". \"Tommy, you're such a great friend! Thanks for being understanding!\". Said Sue. \"No problem. I'll see you tomorrow. Night, Sue\". \"Night\". They both hung up and Sue started crying. Her mom walked into her room. \"What's wrong?\". \"Do you and dad hate me because I'm in love with a girl?\". \"No! Of course not! We love you and we'll always be your parents. No matter what\". Sue's mom hugged her as they shared the special moment in silence. *At school the next day* Chris spray painted 'EAT SHIT\" on Carrie's locker. She ran and hid behind a couple of her friends. \"Here she comes!\". Chris whispered. Carrie saw her locker and tears were building in her eyes. Chris and her friends started laughing. \"What the hell is this!\". Sue yelled and immediately looked at Chris. \"Oh, nothing! Just stating how much I HATE Carrie white\". Chris folded her arms. Sue was about to pounce on Chris when Carrie grabbed her arm. \"Sue. Chris is not worth it\". \"You're going to pay for this, Chris! Do you hear me?\". Sue yelled. \"Whatever\". Said Chris. Sue hugged Carrie. \"Why do they hate me so much?\". Carrie mumbled. \"I don't know. But I always be here to protect you\". Said Sue. After school was over Sue had two things on her mind; How to win Carrie's heart and how she's going to deal with her former friend, Chris Hargensen. A/n: What do you think thus far?[Chapter 2] A/n: Hi, everyone! Those who reviewed my fanfic thanks so much for the kind reviews :) I will do my best to write a new chapter everyday. The cafeteria was packed with a lot of students. They had a couple of teachers on lunch duty and a couple security guards to make sure no one got in trouble. One girl sent a group text message to everyone she knew. And those friends sent a text to their own friends. Everyone got up and and some guy played music loud enough for everyone to hear. They all formed a flash mob and started dancing. [Intro - T-Pain] Mmmmmmmm Let me talk to 'em Let me talk to 'em Let it rain Mmmmmmm Let me talk to 'em C'mon! [Chorus (T-Pain):] Shawty had them apple bottom jeans (jeans) Boots with the fur (with the fur) The whole club was looking at her She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low Them baggy sweat pants And the Reebok's with the straps (with the straps) She turned around and gave that big booty a smack (hey) She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low [Flo-Rida] I ain't never seen nothing that'll make me go This crazy all night spending my dough Had the million dollar vibe and a body to go Them birthday cakes they stole the show So sexual She was flexible professional Drinking X&O; Hold up, wait a minute, do I see what I think? Whoa Did her thing. I seen shawty get low Ain't the same when it's up that close Make it rain I'm making it snow Work the pole I got the bank roll I'ma say that I prefer them no clothes I'm into that I love women exposed She threw it back at me I gave her more Cash ain't a problem I know where it go She had them [Chorus (T-Pain)] [Flo-Rida] Hey shawty what I gotta do to get you home My jeans filled with guap and they're ready for showing Cadillacs laid back for the sexy grown Patron on the rocks that'll make you moan One stack (come on), two stacks (come on), three stacks (come on) Now that's three grand What you think I'm playing, baby girl, I'm the man I'm dealing rubber bands That's what I told her Her legs on my shoulder I knew it was over That Henny and Cola got me like a soldier She ready for Rover, I couldn't control her So lucky on me I was just like a clover Shawty was hot like a toaster Sorry but I had to fold her Like a pornography poster She showed her [Chorus (T-Pain)] [Flo-Rida] Whoa, shawty, yeah, she was worth the money Little mama took my cash And I ain't want it back The way she bent that back Got all them paper stacks Tattoo above her crack I had to handle that I was on it, sexy woman Let me show it make me want it Two in the morning I'm zoned in Them Rosé bottles foaming She wouldn't stop Made it drop Shawty dipped that pop and lock Had to break her off that guap Gal was fine just like my glock [Chorus (T-Pain)] Everyone was dancing together in unison. Sue was someone where in the towards the middle. And Carrie was by herself sitting rather stiff on a bench in the cafeteria. She was reading a book about super powers. The music was distracting her from reading and she was getting rather annoyed. But she couldn't help but look at Sue dancing. 'Wow , Sue has some moves!' Carried thought to herself. And Sue was dropping it low! Very badly. It made Carrie smile that Sue was having fun. None of the staff knew what was going on but at some time after failing in getting everyone to sit down, eventually, they joined in. Everyone was smiling and giving each other a high five. They all sat down and proceeded to eat lunch. Chris saw Carrie still smiling. \"I'm gonna go mess with that creep over there\". Referring to Carrie. Chris made her over to Carrie. But before she could bully her Carrie quickly left- As if Carrie knew Chris would do something. The rest of the school day went by fast. Carrie was walking home when Sue and Tommy drove slowly beside her. \"Carrie!\"Tommy said. She looked to her right. \"Oh. Hi, Tommy\". She said. \"Would you like a ride home?\". He asked. \"I'm fine with walking\". She said vaguely. \"OK, well if you need-\" \"I'll walk with you!\". Said sue as she got out of Tommy's car. \"I'm okay with walking by myself. Really\". Carried tried to plead with Sue. \"Oh, nonsense. I want to keep you comp-\" \"Sue , please! If I'm not home by a certain momma won't be happy\". As soon as Carrie said that, Tommy's mirror cracked a bit. Carrie looked sad and worried. She felt her stomach turn in the worst way. Her anxiety was practically through the roof. \"I'm sorry\". Carrie said quietly. \"It's okay\". Said Sue. \"No worries\". Sue got out of the car and gently muffled Carrie's hair. \"I'll see you tomorrow\". Sue got back in Toomy's car. Carrie nodded and waved to Tommy and Sue as Tommy drove her home. Carrie walked home. From her house to her school was only 15 minutes. Chris drove by Carrie as they threw water balloons and eggs at Carrie. \"Burn in hell , creep!\". Chris yelled. One of Chris' friends held up Chris' phone and recorded it. Carried fought the urge to cry. She was home and opened the door. Just before her mom got home. Carrie showered and sat on her bed. She held her knees with her arms, while they were up to her chest. \"I need Sue\". She said to herself. Carrie's mom opened the door then closed it. \"Carrie!\". Her mom yelled from downstairs. Carrie got off her bed and went to see her mom. \"Hi, momma\". She said awkwardly. Carrie knew this was a bad time to tell her mom about Sue. But she mind as well rip the band - aid off. \"Momma. I...What's a crush? Is it okay to have a crush on someone who's the same sex?\". Carried asked. \"What?\". Her mom said. \"Is it-\" \"No! Why? Do you have you a crush on a girl?\". Carrie didn't answer. Carrie's mom slapped her. \"Answer me, Carrie!\". Carrie didn't say anything. Her mom grabbed the bible and smacked her on the face. \"That's a sin! You will bring no girl or guy home, do you understand?! Now go in your closet and pray for forgiveness! GO!\". Her mom screamed at Carrie. Carrie was balling her eyes out. She was shaking from crying. \"B-But m-momma! S-Sue is-\" Carrie's mom dragged Carrie by her hair and dragged her in to the closet. \"You will NOT come out! Until dinner is ready! Now PRAY\". Chris posted the video online of her and her friends throwing things at Carrie. \"I will ruin your life, Carrie White\". Chris said maliciously.[Chapter 3] Carrie was getting ready to hangout with Sue. She put on a pair Capri jeans and a regular shirt that showed her arms. She smiled as she looked at herself in the mirror. She sighed softly. \"Here I go\". She whispered. Her mom stopped her dead in her tracks. \"Where do you think you're going dressed liked that?\". She asked. \"Out. With my friend, Sue, momma\". Said Carrie. \"No you're not. You're staying here. With me\". Her mom demanded. \"But momma I really-\" \"NO!\". Her mom screamed in Carrie's face. They both heard a car horn. \"I have to go\". Carrie began walking out of her room. \"Carrie! Carrie! Get back here this instant!\". \"leave me alone, momma!\". Carrie yelled as she used her telekinesis to push her mom on the bed. Her mom gasped. Carrie quickly walked down the stairs and out the door. Sue smiled at Carrie. She felt her heart beating really fast. Carrie got in Sue's car. \"Hi\". She said. \"Wow\". Said Sue. \"What?\". Carried asked. \"You...Y-you look beautiful\". Carrie blushed. \"Thanks. You look beautiful, too\". \"Thanks! I found us a local park to go to. I know this is cheese, but I made us a couple sandwiches and a chips. I figured we can talk, relax, and maybe throw the Frisbee around\". Said Sue as she was driving. Carrie smiled. \"I'd like that\". Carrie held Sue's hand. When they got to the park Sue carried the basket and Carrie was holding the Frisbee in one hand, and soda on the other hand. \"How about over here?\". Said Carrie. \"That's a good spot!\". Said Sue. They sat down and began eating. They both opened one can of Pepsi. Sue took a sip and did a really loud burp. \"I'm sorry!\". Sue said quickly. Carrie was laughing. \"That's okay\". \"So-\" Carrie poked Sue. \"Did you just poke me?\". Asked Sue. \"Yeah. What are you gonna do about it?\". Carrie pushed the envelope. \"OK, that's it!\". Sue said. She got up and was chasing Carrie. Carrie was running from Sue as they both were laughing. \"No! No, I'm sorry!\". Said Carrie was giggling while Sue was tickling her. Sue gently held Carrie in her arms. Sue was straddling Carrie and kissed Carrie. She felt nervous but Carrie kissed her back. \"I...\" \"You what?\". \"I...I love you\". \"Carrie white, will you be my girlfriend?\". Asked Sue. \"Oh, Sue. Yes, I want to be all yours!\". Carrie smashed lips on Sue's lips. They both were smiling. Nothing could ruin this moment for other of them. When Carrie and Sue were done talking for hours, they were walking and holding hands. Fingers intertwined with one another. \"Sue, I don't want to scare you off. But I want to tell you something, something important\". Said Carrie. \"You won't scare me away. You can tell me anything\". Said Sue. \"sue, I...I have powers\".[Chapter 4] \"Powers? What kind of powers?\". Asked Sue. \"Well , I can move things with my mind when I concentrate on them\". Said Carrie. \"You can do that?! That's so awesome!\". Sue exclaimed all excited. Carrie gave Sue a confused look. \"You're not freaked out?\". \"No! I think it's sexy that you have powers!\". Sue gave Carrie a seductive look. \"Oh , god!\". Yelled Carrie as she slapped her head with her hand. Sue laughed. \"Come on, babe. Let's get you home\". Sue dropped Carrie off at her house. She walked up to the door and tried to unlock the door. \"Great\". She said to herself. She knocked on the door. \"Momma! My key doesn't work. Momma!\". Her mom opened the door. \"Oh. Hi, Carrie\". \"Momma , let me in\". Said Carrie. \"No!\". Yelled Margaret. \"Mom-\" \"Go be with that whore! Sue is the devil!\". \"Momma , please don't say that\". Said Carrie as she started crying. \"Momma!\". \"You're filthy , Carrie! FILTHY!\". \"Momma! Stop!\". Carrie began crying harder holding her eyes in her hands as tears spill. Sue got out of the car and walked to Carrie. \"Let's go , Carrie. You can stay with me\". \"B-but I don't ha-have clothes!\". \"My parents will buy you clothes\". Sue hugged Carrie. Carrie felt the warmth and how soft Sue is. \"You should be ashamed of yourself. ! Have a nice life!\". Sue carried Carrie in her arms as Carrie was still heart broken. Despite how nasty , psychotic , and mean her mom is... Carrie loved her mom to no end. The same way she loved her dad. \"I hope you and that whore burn in hell!\". Margaret shouted. Sue gave Carrie's mom a middle finger. \"It's gonna be okay\". Sue whispered. \"I got you\". Sue kissed Carrie's forehead. She placed Carrie in the car and gently closed the door. Sue got in and drove Carrie to her house. After driving she placed a sleeping Carrie in her arms again, and opened the door to her house. \"Hey, mom\". Sue whispered. \"Hey , sweetie! Who's that?\". \"It's my girlfriend. Carrie White\". \"Awww. She looks so peaceful\". Sue smiled. \"Yeah\". \"I don't mean to sound mean. But why is she here?\". her mom asked. \"Her witch of a mom kicked her out the house\". \"What?!\". Her mom yelled. Sue shushed her. \"Sorry\". Her mom whispered. \"That's awful! She can stay as long as she wants\". \"Thanks , mom\". Sue smiled at her mom. \"Where's dad?\". \"Working. He's trying to close this Real Estate deal\". \"Oh , nice\". Said Sue. She felt Carrie moving around a bit and mumbling in her sleep. Well...More like talking. \"No , momma\". Carrie whined. Sue laid Carrie down on the couch softly. She put a blanket on her and kissed her hair. \"Sleep well , my angel\". Whispered in Carrie's ear. Sue's dad walked in and smiling. \"Yes! I closed the deal!\". Her dad yelled happily. \"Jason!\". Her mom whispered - yelled. \"She's sleeping\". \"Sorry. Who is sleeping?. he asked. \"Sue's girlfriend\". \"You have a girlfriend?\". Jason asked. \"Yeah\". Sue whispered. sue told her dad what happened. \"That's not right for her mom to do! I always felt like her mom was nothing but trouble. And crazy!\". Her dad said. \"Yeah. That's great you closed the deal, dad! I'm proud of you\". Said sue as she hugged her dad. \"Thanks! This couple was quite hard headed\". \"Jason\". Sue's mom (Grace) said. \"Carrie is staying with us. is that okay?\". She asked. \"Yeah. She's safe here\". Jason said. *The next day at school* \"Hey , Carrie\". Ms. Desjardin said. She hugged Carrie. Carried didn't bother to hug her back, As she slouched into the hug. \"You seem mopey today\". \"M-my mom kicked me out\". Ms. Desjardin shook her head in disgust. She held a crying Carrie in her arms. \"Oh , Carrie. Is there anything I can do to help?\". She asked. \"N-no\". Before class started Ms. Desjardin was comforting Carrie. \"Ms. Desjardin-\" \"Call me, Rita\". Her gym teacher said. \"Rita...Can I excused from today's class?\". Carrie asked. \"Why?\". Rita asked. \"Cause of Chris hargensen and her friends. They're all means girls\". \"Yeah\". \"Th-thanks\". \"No problem\". Carrie got up and headed to the library. She sat down at a chair and put her books on the desk. She laid her head on her arms, and cried again. 'I miss momma'. She thought. She wiped her eyes hoping no one would see. Tommy sees her and sits across from her. \"Carrie? Why are you crying?\". He asked. \"I don't wanna talk about it anymore!\". Carried sobbed out as the lights in the library flicker on and off. Tommy's eyes started to water. 'What kind of person would hurt my friend?!' He thought. He gritted his teeth together trying to keep his composure. \"I-I'm sorry!\". Said Carrie. \"It's okay. It just..It just makes so mad when someone hurts you. And what our English teacher said...I wanted to punch him. So did Sue\". Carrie nodded. \"Sue told me about your powers\". Said Tommy. Tommy smiled as he began talking, \"This one time me and my friend hypnotized my boy's dog!\". Tommy laughed. Carrie held her arms in her hands and smiled slightly. \"hey , I have an idea!\". Tommy said. \"Why don't you use your power on Mr. Uhlman? That guy is having an affair with Tina\". Carrie looked disgusted. \"Sorry\". \"That night not be a bad idea\". \"Ahhh, there's that smile!\". Tommy hugged Carrie. Carrie just patted his shoulder. *In English class* \"Cassie! Come get your Essay\". Said Mr. Uhlman. Carrie walked gingerly and grabbed her essay from his desk. \"I still have nightmares about the poem you read in class. Thanks a lot, Cassie!\". He said. The class laughed. Tiny seductively bit the end of her pen and smiled at Mr. Uhlman. Sue and Tommy looked at Mr. Uhlman like they wanted to pound on his face. \"It's CARRIE!\". She yelled. The windows in the classroom shattered, and one of them broke. Everyone looked at the window an gasped. She looked at her girlfriend and her friend, Tommy and quickly went back to her desk. Mr. Uhlman cleared his throat and said, \"Everyone pick up your essays. Class dismissed\". *At the principals desk* \"She broke the window!\". Mr. Uhlman yelled. \"Do you really expect me to believe Carrie White - someone who gets honor roll - do you really think she broke your window?\". The principal asked as he folded her arms across his chest. \"Well...no. But she yelled at me!\". Exclaimed Mr. Uhlman. \"And two students have told me about this affair you've been having with another student\". Said Principal Green. Mr. Uhlman's palms were getting sweaty and his heart was racing so much, he felt like he was gonna throw up. \"Principal Green-\" \"Mr. Uhlman. Clear out your desk. You're fired\". \"But Principal Green! She came on to me, first! Tina-\" \"And get Tina in here for me, too. Good bye Mr. Uhlman\". Mr. Uhlman stomped out of Principal Green's office and found a nearby locker to punch. \"FUCK!\" He yelled as he grabbed his hand. Tina walked into Principal Green's office. \"Sit , Tina. Two students have told me what's been going on between you and Mr. Uhlman. Give up your prom ticket. You're expelled for the rest of the year\". \"WHAT? No! That's bull-\" \"Don't even finish that sentence, little lady! Now get out of my office\". *Later that night* Tiny kissed mr. Uhlman. (We'll call him Shawn). \"Wow\". Tina said. \"Wow is right\". Said Shawn. \"Tina?\". \"Yes, baby?\". \"I want Sue , Tommy , and Carrie white's head on a stick\". \"I'll call Chris\".[Chapter 5] \"Bases loaded!\". Said Ms. Desjardin. The pitcher nodded and threw the softball under hand. Carrie swings and misses. As the ladies are playing softball in gym class. \"That's Strike one. Come on, Carrie. You can do it!\". Said Ms. Desjardin. Carrie swings and misses again. \"Keep your eye on the ball, sweetie\". She said again. \"Hit the ball, Carrie. Show them what you're made of, baby\". Sue whispered to herself. \"You think she's retarded?\". Tina asked. Chris shrugged. \"Probably\". \"Miss! Miss! Miss! Miss! Miss! Miss!\". Tina Yelled as she started to do a tiny dance. \"Knock it off, Tina!\". Ms Desjardin yelled. Carrie rested the bat on her shoulders. She waited for Heather to pitch her the ball. She struck out. \"Ok, ladies! That's the game. Everyone hit the showers!\". All the ladies were walking past Carrie saying mean to her like, \"Hit the ball! Stupid!\" And, \"You suck!\". And, \"Carrie! You're such a loser!\". Sue walked up to her girlfriend. \"Ignore them, babe. They're the losers. You are beautiful\". She wrapped her arms around Carrie and gave her a kiss on the cheek. But Carrie flinched. \"I'm sorry\". Said Sue. \"I didn't mean to startle you\". Sue continued. \"What are you thinking so hard about?\". \"N-nothing\". \"Is it your momma?\". Carrie nodded. \"I miss her\". \"I know you do. But me , my mom, and my dad will good care of you. I promise. Okay?\". Sue said as she smiled kindly at Carrie. Carrie nodded again. \"Okay\". She smiled at Sue. \"Let's get going\". Sue held Carrie's hand as there fingers intertwined with each others. They both walked in and everyone saw them. \"Sue , why are you holding Carrie's hand?\". Heather asked. \"Cause I want to. Is that a problem\". Sue said confidently. Carrie gently squeezed Sue's hand. \"No. I was just-\" \"Actually. There's a huge problem. You're not a lesbian are you? Cause if you are...That's just gross!\". Chris spoke up. \"Chris , go suck off our math teacher like you normally do\". Sue said as she led Carrie past everyone. *In the hallway* \"Hey\". Heather said getting her notebooks from her locker which is next to Sue's locker. \"Hi\". Sue said as she carefully watched Carrie. \"Listen , Sue. I'm on your side. I'm just a bit shocked is all. You and Carrie\". \"What's your point?\". Sue asked. \"Nothing. I'm just happy for you and Carrie\". Said Heather as she smiled ay her best friend. \"Thank you\". Sue said as she closed her locker. \"Tommy talked some sense into me, and Carrie...She's nice\". \"Yeah , she's great!\". Sue smiled. \"I gotta go. Text me later\". \"OK\". Said Heather. *At Math Class* \"OK. Class...You divide 2 by Y and 2 by 30. Which is...\" Mr. Edwards did the math work. \"15\".He continued to talk. \"I know this seems really complicated. But it's easy as long as you cancel out the 2Y divided by 2. Then it's easy sailing after that. Any questions?'. He asked. Some of the class who actually like math said, \"No\". While others just seem bored and don't care. The bell rang. \"No home work tonight!\". yelled over the sound of the bell. Carrie was in the library watching how Telekinesis works. She smiled at how fascinated and passionate by what she saw. This guy who goes to her school sees what she's looking at. \"Um , if you click on that little box down below, you can make the screen wider\". He says as he shows her. \"Thanks\". She says. \"No problem\". He says as he leaves her alone and goes to his next class. \"Hey, Carrie!\". Tommy whispers as he sits next to her. She waves at him. \"Hi\". She whispers back. Tommy sees what she's watching on the computer. \"Oh, before I forget. Can you give me some advice?\". He asks. \"Ok. I'll...I-I'll do my best to help\". She whispers. \"I wanna ask this girl to the prom. Her name is Heather. How do I ask her. I wanna be kind of romantic\". \"Write her a poem\". Carrie says. \"Poetry?\". He asks. \"Some ladies love poetry\". Carrie says as she shrugs. \"Good idea! Thanks!\". He gently pats her head and leaves. *At Sue's house* \"Carrie , I'm going dress shopping. Do you want to go with me?\". \"Y-yeah\". Carrie smiles at sue.[Chapter 6] \"I'm going to the bathroom\". Said Sue. \"Okay\". Carrie said softly. She was walking around the place and looking at a lot of the dresses. She smiled. \"Wow\". She whispered. She touched the dress and gently traced it with her fingers. \"Do you need any help , sweetie?\". This lady who worked at the store asked Carrie. \"N-no. I'm just looking around\". Says Carrie. \"OK. If you need any help...I'll be by the heels\". Carrie nodded. \"Thanks\". The lady walked away and Carrie went back to idolizing the dress she was looking at. *Outside* Chris was walking to get a milkshake. And she sees Carrie through the window. She began to have an evil smile on her face. *Inside the dress shop* Sue gently wrapped her arms around her girlfriend and hugged her. \"That's a beautiful dress , babe\". Carrie jumped as she squirmed. \"Don't scare me like that!\". \"I'm sorry\". Said sue as she frowned. Carried hugged Sue. \"It's okay. I guess I'm just not used to this\". Said Carrie. \"What do you mean?\". Asked Sue. \"Baby , I'm not breaking up with you. I'm just not used to having anyone being this loving to me\". \"Well, believe it. I'm gonna give you all my love!\". Sue kissed Carrie all over the cheeks on her face and on her lips and her chin. Carrie giggled. \"You're SO cute! I just wanna put you in my pocket , eat you, and save you for dessert!\". Sue wrapped Carrie in a hug and gently pet her hair. Chris took a picture of Sue and Carrie. \"Oh, this is so going on Facebook!\". She chuckled to herself. Carrie laughed. \"You're too tall. I gotta stand on my tippy toes just to kiss you. That's not fair!\". Sue laughed. People in the store were looking at Carrie and Sue like they were crazy. They soon left the dress store and got in the car. \"Where are we gonna go next?\". Carried asked. \"Where do you wanna go?\". Sue asked her. \"Ice cream\". Said Carrie. \"Ice cream it is!\". Sue smiled at Carrie. *The next day* Carrie was sleeping in Sue's bed. She was tossing and turning. Having a nightmare. \"Momma! Momma! Why can't you be happy for me?\". Carrie asked. \"She's a tramp! That Sue girl is nothing but bad news!\". Carrie's mom pulled Carrie's hair. \"May the lord wash off those dirty hands she put on you!\". \"Owww , momma! You're hurting me!\". Carrie sobbed. \"SHUT UP! Now say it!\". Margaret screamed. Carrie shook her head. \"Say it! Eve was WEAK! Say it!\". Margaret shouted. She slapped Carrie. Carrie woke up screaming. Sue got up from the kitchen table and ran to her room. \"Honey , what's wrong?\". She asked. Carrie was still screaming and grappling Sue's shirt. Sue had to do this. She was gonna feel bad. But she had to. To get her girlfriend to calm down...She slapped her. Carrie stopped screaming and just held onto Sue. She cried on her shirt and Sue held her closer than ever. \"Oh, baby, it's okay\". She rubbed smooth circles on Carrie's back. \"It's okay\". Sue said. \"Don't let me go!\". Carrie sobbed as her eyes were still watering. \"I won't\". Sue whispered. She sat Carrie on her lap and rested her chin on Carrie's head. *A couple days later* -5 days til prom- Sue was going on Facebook. She was about to block her now former friends and Chris. She then sees a picture of her and Carrie. The caption said. 'THE DYKES OF EWEN HIGH SCHOOL'. Helen posted a comment. Helen: It's time to run these girls out of school! Sue is a trashy whore and Carrie has been asking for it since the 6th grade. Norma posted a comment. Norma: Ditto , Helen! Hey, do you remember when Carrie had her period and she thought she was bleeding to death? That was funny! Chris posted a comment. Chris: LOL. Yeah. \"I'm bleeding! Help me!\" hahaha. Norma posted a comment. Norma: lmao! Sue felt herself about to cry. She took a screen shot of what they're saying about her and the picture and saved it to her phone. Carrie saw Sue wiping her eyes and sniffling. Carrie hugged her. \"I really thought those girls were my friends!\". Sue sobbed. \"Sometimes the people who think are our friends turn out to be crappy friends. They're talking all this mess on this face thing book thing. But I guarantee you...We will be successful with our careers and we'll be happy. While they will be sitting on there butts...Being miserable and wastes of space\". \"Y-you think so?\". Sue asked. \"I know so\". Said Carrie. She wiped away her girlfriend's tears. *At school* Chris put pictures of Sue and Carrie kissing on all the lockers. \"Maybe this should do it!\". Her friends and were helping her. As they were walking away... Ms. Desjardin saw the picture. She saw Chris , Norma, Helen , and walking away and laughing. Ms. Desjardin did her best to take the pictures off the lockers and crunched them up, throwing them away. \"Some people will never learn\". She walked into Principal Green's office.[Chapter 7] \"Mrs. Johnson?\". Carrie held her books up to her chest. Mrs. Johnson - the librarian at Ewen High School was reading the paper. She put the paper down. \"Yes dear\". She said politely. \"Can you show me how to do a search?\". Carrie asked. *Inside Principal Green's office* \"Why - why do you let these mean girls get away with these things?!\". Ms. Desjardin exclaimed. \"What would you like me to do, Rita?\". Principal Green asked as he raised his voice slightly. \"Suspend these girls!\". Rita yelled. \"OK, Rita. Let's...Let's calm down. Okay?\". \"Okay\". Rita said softly. \"What did the girls do this time?\". principal Green asked. Rita gave Principal Green a look. \"This\". She showed him the picture. Sue walks into the office without knocking. \"Principal Green , Ms. Desjardin. I have something to show you. I saved this on my phone yesterday\". She showed them the screen shot of Chris and her friends making fun of her girlfriend. \"My god\". Principal Green said out of disgust. \"What do you suggest we do?\". Rita asked. \"what are you thinking?\". He asked Rita. \"I want these girls to give up their prom tickets. And suspended from school for the rest of the school year\". \"That's a bit much don't you think, Ms. Desjardin?\". He said. \"No! No offense but you're a guy. You have no idea what it's like-\" \"Plus, Carrie is my girlfriend. These girls have been messing with her since forever. And I used to do that but I stopped. You have to do something, Principal Green!\". Sue yelled. *In the hallway* Carrie was walking to her locker. She saw the words. 'CARRIE WHITE IS A FREAK' painted in red. She felt her eyes start to water. She opened the locker and hundreds of tampons fell out as everyone laughed. Carrie ran away as he head was looking down she bumped into Tommy. Chris and her boyfriend, Billy Nolan was laughing and snuggling. \"Woah! Carrie, what's wrong?\". \"I HATE those girls!\". Carrie cried as she gritted through her teeth. Tommy saw what Carrie's locker. He then saw Billy. \"I'll be back. Stay right here\". He walked up to Billy and swung at him connecting his fist to Billy's jaw. Billy fell hard and just laid on the floor. \"Tommy! Stop!\". Chris yelled as she tried to get Tommy to stop kicking Billy in the ribs. \"TOMMY!\". Chris screamed. \"Don't touch me, Chris!\". He yelled. \"How are you all gonna pick on, Carrie White?! What did she do to deserve this?!\". He screamed Everyone stopped laughing. Sue heard what was going on. \"Tommy, what's going on? Where's Carrie?\". Tommy was breathing heavy. \"She's over there. By the window\". Sue ran over to Carrie. \"Baby-\" Carrie didn't say anything. She just lunged herself into Sue's arms and dug her face on Sue's chest[Chapter 8] -Two days later. Three days before prom- *Inside the ladies locker room* \"Well. Aren't you a bunch of lucky young ladies. You excited about the prom? it's coming up. I'm sure some of you have your gowns. Who's taking you, Chris?\". Ms. Desjardin said. \"Billy Nolan. You don't know him. He doesn't go to this school\". Said Chris. \"Who?\". Ms. Desjardin asked. \"Billy Nolan\". Chris said again. \"I'm sorry I can't hear you. Can you speak up?\". Said Ms. Desjardin. Chris was getting impatient. \"Billy Nolan!\". \"Well Isn't he the lucky one. What about you, Heather?\". \"Tommy Ross\". Said Heather. \"How about you, Sue\". \"I haven't asked her yet. But I'm hoping she says yes\". Sue smiled. \"Right. Helen. Must be Roy Everest\". Helen nodded. Ms. Desjardin smiled at them. *In the Library* \"You scared me, Tommy\". Said Carrie. \"I know. I'm sorry\". Tommy hugged Carrie what felt like a good minute. \"Are you going to prom?\". He asked. \"I don't know\". *Back in the ladies locker room* Ms. Desjardin cleared her throat. \"How about today we skip softball. And make boutineers\". \"Yeah!\". Chris said. \"We can make em out of these!\". Ms. Desjardin open the huge bag of tampons and threw them all at the girls. Except for Sue. They all screamed. \"I'm leaving! I so don't need to hear this!\". Chris was starting to leave but Ms. Desjardin pushed her against a locker. \"You can't hit us!\". Chris yelled. \"I barely touched you!\". Ms. Desjardin got in her face. \"You'll get canned for this! See if you don't, you bitch!\". Chris yelled. \"I don't really care, Hargensen! If you or any of you think I'm wearing my teacher hat right now...You're sadly mistaken! I want you all to know what you did on Friday was a really nasty thing! did you stop to think that Carrie might have feelings? Do any of you stop to think? Oh, And sue. You're free to go\". Sue walked out of the locker room. Ms. Desjardin continued to talk to everyone else. \"Helen. Tina. Chris. You think she's ugly, don't you? Well, your all ugly! And I saw just how ugly each of you are on Friday morning!\". Chris spoke up. \"You can't talk to us like this! My dad's a lawyer!\". \"Shut UP! Talk one more time...And I'll plug You UP!\". Ms. Desjardin put her finger on Chris nose. \"Now my punishment for this little stunt you pulled..was 3 days suspension and refusal of your prom tickets\". \"No!\". Tina whined. Ms. Desjardin continued. \"That would hit you where it would hurt, wouldn't it? And you deserve it, too! Unfortunately. Our administration is staffed entirely by men. I don't think they have the slightest idea how nasty what you did was. So you'll get a weeks detention. But it's my detention! In the gym. Fifty minutes. Everyday on the athletic field. And I'm gonna run you ragged!\". *On the athletic field* \"1 2, 3, 4! 2, 2, 3, 4! 3, 3, 2, 3, 4! More energy Norma! Strecth, Norma! Stretch!\". The ladies were doing squats. Push ups. Jumping jacks. Ms. Desjardin were making the ladies run in place. \"She's not gonna get away with this!\". Chris yelled. \"Let it go, Chris\". Said Heather. \"Like hell I will!\". Chris stomped over to Ms. Desjardin. \"1, 2! 1, 2! 1, 2!\". Rita yelled. \"The periods not up, Hargensen!\". \"It is for me!\". Chris yelled. \"Keep running!\". Rita told the ladies. \"Well there are 10 minutes left\". \"Fuck you! And stick them up your ass!\". Chris screamed. Ms. Desjardin slapped Chris and chris started crying. \"You won't get away with this!\". \"One more word and I'm gonna knock you down, do you understand me?!\". Rita yelled as she grabbed Chris by her shirt. \"She can't get away with this if we all stick together! Nick? Lizzy? Heather?!\". No one said anything. \"Shut up, Chris. Just shut up!\". Heather said. \"This isn't over! This isn't over by a LONG shot!\". Chris screamed. \"You're out of the prom, Hargensen. Okay, the shows over. Run. In place! 1, 2! 1, 2!\". *Back in the hallway* Carrie was walking by herself looking around feeling nervous. And scared. \"Carrie! I been looking everywhere for you\". Said Tommy. \"Hi\". She said quietly. \"You're a genius. I wrote her a poem and-\" When Carrie looked to her left she saw Chris kissing Billy. Sue hugged Carrie. \"Hey, my love\". \"Hey\". \"Quick question. Carrie white. Will you go to prom with me?\". Asked Sue. Carried nodded. \"Sure\". Sue and Carrie smiled at each other. \"I just have to know one thing\". Said Carrie. \"What's that?\". Sue asked her. \"Did you really mean it, when you said you had a change of heart? Despite all the horrible names you called me\". Said Carrie. \"I'm asking because...I don't like being tricked!\". \"I'm not tricking you, babe, I promise!\". Carrie nodded slowly and kissed Sue. \"Hi, Carrie!\". Rita said. \"Hi, Ms. Desjardin\". Said Carrie. \"Sue, I wanna talk to you\". \"Okay\". Sue walked behind Ms. Desjardin and sat in an office. \"Look. I don't have a problem with you dating Carrie. I think that's nice but please , please don't let Chris ruin Carrie's night. I got a feeling Chris is planing something\". \"Yeah. I got a feeling too\". \"And one more thing. I don't want Carrie to be hurt and-\" \"Ms. Desjardin. I love Carrie with all my heart. I promise I will never do anything to hurt her. She's my baby\". Ms. Desjardin smiled at Sue. *At night time* Chris and Billy went to a pig farm. \"I can't believe she got me kicked out of prom! Revenge is mine!\". Chris exclaimed. Billy slaughtered the big and put the pig blood in a bucket. *At Sue's house* \"Baby. Can I hug you?\". Carrie asked as she frowned. \"You can always hug me\". Sue hugged Carrie.\"What's wrong?\". \"Another bad dream\". \"Aww , Carrie\". Sue hugged her girlfriend really tight but not too tight. Everything is peaceful. And good. Until now...[Chapter 9] A/n: All these lovely reviews , make me happy! :) And over 500 views - wow! Keep em coming! Carrie was waiting anxiously for Sue as she was talking to Tommy. Everyone was heading to lunch or class. Chris saw Carrie and went to talk to her. \"There you are my little crumpet!\". Chris said. \"Hi\". Carrie said quietly. \"I have a proposal for you, Ms. White\". Carrie gave Chris a blank look. \"I think you need someone like me. You need a REAL woman\". \"But I have Sue\". Carrie said. \"I know. But Sue...She's the school bicycle. Guys have passed her around like a carton of cigarettes\". Carrie gave Chris a look. \"What do you want from me?\". \"To expose your inner freak. You wear this freak clothing. The shy ones are always a freak in bed. Be with me and we will have this town kissing our feet\". Chris said. \"But you're not nice\". Carrie frowned. Chris chuckled. \"Not nice? I'm very nice! I'm also pretty. Smart. And the picture I have of myself in my room is an epic painting\". Chris smiled as she flipped her hair. \"That's kind of narcissistic, don't you think, Chris?\". Chris said. \"Listen, Cassie-\" \"It's Carrie\". \"Right. Sue's whole change of heart is total bullshit. She's been dreaming of this moment her life. But I think you'd look better on my arm\". Carrie squinted her eyes are Chris. \"What's your point?\". \"My point is\" Chris snarled. \"Sue is no good. Just a trashy whore\". \"I thought that was your role\". Carrie said quietly. Chris swung at Carrie and Carrie took one punch to Chris and Chris fell to the floor like a sack of potatoes. Carrie used her powers and threw Chris on the computers. Everyone looked at what was happening and Chris ran. *Later on that day* Sue got out of school early. She picked up Carrie. \"Principal Green told me what happened. I'm flattered you stood up for me, I really am. But you can't go using your powers\". \"I'm sorry\". Carrie wanted to cry. She's not the violent type. But Chris deserved it! \"Don't be sorry. Chris started it and you defended yourself well. I'm proud of you, baby\". Sue held Carrie's hand. \"Thanks\". Carrie said quietly. \"I gotta pick up my prom dress. Are you gonna buy one?\". Sue said. \"I'm gonna make my own. it's gonna be a pink dress\". -1 day til prom-[Chapter 10] -The night of the prom- The limo pulled up at Ewen High School. A couple was walking into the school. \"Sue , can we we wait a minute?\". Carrie asks. \"Sure. We can wait as long as you want\". Said Sue. Carrie breathed in and out softly as her and Sue both looked out the window. \"Are you scared?\". Sue asked. \"It's not that bad. Besides. I - I need you in there. Dancing by myself all night\". Sue did a little dance. \"It would look awfully silly\". Carrie laughed. \"let me fix this\". Sue grabbed the boutonniere and placed it on Carrie's wrist. \"It's supposed to go right there\". Carrie smiled. \"Okay. You ready?\". Carrie nodded. Sue opened the door for Carrie as they and everyone else walked into the prom. Carrie smiled so wide as did Sue. Carrie linked her arm around Sue's arm. A lot of people were being filmed. Posing. Making silly faces. Carrie took in the beautiful sight. As beautiful lights were everywhere. Music was playing so loud you can hear it from outside. Tommy walked in with Heather as they were holding hands. \"God, you look handsome , Ross!\". Exclaimed Dawson. \"Dawson!\". Tommy yelled. Tommy and Dawson did there secret handshake and hugged each other and laughed. Sue and Carrie stood next to Dawson and his girlfriend , Erica. \"Don't worry. If they kill each other...I'll dance with you\". Said Erica as she smiled. \"Hey! Carrie is my girlfriend!\". Said Sue. Erica put her hands up in defense. \"Oh! I'm sorry. That's so sweet!\". Sue laughed. \"We'll both dance with you. But I want the first dance\". Said sue. Carrie chuckled. \"Carrie. This is my main man. My best friend. George Dawson. And this his girlfriend , Erica\". Said Tommy as he introduced them to each other. \"Hey , Carrie!\". Said Erica as she smiled and shook Carrie's hand. \"Hi!\". \"She goes to Dover High School\". Said Tommy. Carrie shook Erica's hand and smiled. Ms. Desjardin smiled at Carrie. As did Tina. \"Come on. I'll show you the table\". Said Erica as she walked with Carrie and Sue. \"I love your dress. Where'd you get it?\". Carrie smiled again. \"I made it!\". \"No kidding! Really?\". Said Erica as she looked at amazed. \"Yeah!\". \"That's amazing!\". A slow song was playing. Couples were slow dancing to it. Sue and Carrie were just sitting at a table. Sue smiled. \"It's a slow song\". Carrie shook her head. \"No\". Sue got up. \"Yeah. Come on\". \"No , no , no. Sue\". Carrie pleaded. \"I've never danced before!\". \"It's okay\". \"I- I - I can't do it! No!\". Sue took a drink of water and put the glass down. \"You can't go to prom and have at least one dance\". Carrie continuously shook her head. \"I can't\". She whispered. \"Carrie white. Will you have this dance with me?\". Sue asked. Carrie felt herself froze. And she smiled. \"Come on\". Sue gently took Carrie's hand in hers. \"Come on\". They both got up and went to the dance floor. \"Take my hand like this. See? You put that hand on my shoulder. I put this hand on your hip. And we sway\". Said Sue. They danced slowly together. \"There you go. You're a good learner\". Sue smiled kindly at her girlfriend. Carrie smiled back. \"And then if you wanna get fancy with it. We can do the dancing with the stars\". Carrie shook her head. \"Sue. No\". \"Yeah. You ready? Look\". Sue smiled. She spun Carrie around and spun her again slowly. \"It's the first one. It's fun. Right?\". Carrie rested her head on Sue's chest. She look deep into Sue's eyes. \"Sue , why am I here?\". \"Because I wanted you to go with me\". Said Sue. \"But why?\". Carrie asked. \"Carrie. We're here. We're...We're at prom. I'm having such a great time with you\". \"You are?\". Carrie asked. \"Yeah! And I hope...That you are having a great time with me?\". \"Yeah\". Carrie whispered. \"So what do you say. We dance a little longer. And then...And then we see which person they crown king and queen\". Sue laughed. Carrie chuckled. \"And then...And then we go to the Cavileer. And we'll be home by 10:30. How does that sound to you?\". Sue held Carrie in her arms in a tight hug. \"Maybe 11\". Said Carrie. \"Whatever you want\". Said Sue as there noses were touching and they kissed each other. Carrie giggled. \"By 1 vote...Our winners are.. Sue Snell and Carrie white!\". The guy announces. Carrie couldn't believe it. Everyone was clapping. \"Come on\". Said Sue. \"Way to go, Carrie!\". Said Dawson. Everyone continued to clap and cheer and whistle. Carrie had the biggest smile on her face as did Sue. But in the upper part...Billy was getting the bucket ready as Chris was laughing like a psycho. The photographer was taking pictures. Billy and Chris looked on. \"Hey. Hey! What's wrong? You can do this!\". Said Billy as they were getting ready to pull the string attached to the bucket. Sue and Carrie stood on the stage as Carrie and Sue held flowers in there hands as they were still smiling. \"Pull it!\". Billy said. \"Shut up , Billy!\". Yelled Chris. Then a minute later...Chris pulled the string and a huge bucket full of pig blood spilled on Carrie. Carrie dropped the flowers as she looked at her hands. Out of disgust and surprise. Everyone looked on as the bucket hung from a string. \"WHAT THE HELL!\". Sue screamed. Chris pressed the play button and a video was playing. \"Plug it up! plug it up! plug it up!\". Everyone in the prom was laughing at Carrie and at the video. Carrie walked off the stage. \"Carrie , wait! Carrie!\". Yelled Sue. She tried to run after her girlfriend but the bucket snapped from the string and just hit Sue. Carrie walked back and kneeled on the ground next to Sue. \"Sue! No!\". Carrie whimpered. Carrie turned to everyone. Her pupils got bigger. \"Are you seeing this?\". Asked Tina. Carrie let out a loud as everything went flying at everyone! Two guys tried to run up the bleachers but one guy got crushed to death and one guy fell off. \"Carrie! NO!\". As everyone tried to run out the door but Carrie closed all the doors. Carrie used her telekinesis to throw everything at everyone. She broke off the wires from the cables and aimed them at Tina. Each one hitting Tina..She stepped in fire and screamed as was burned alive. Tommy , Dawson, Ms. Desjardin , and Heather were terrified. Screams from everyone filled the room. Two twins got trampled to death. And her former English teacher also got trampled to death. She looked at Dawson , Tommy , Erica , and Heather and used her powers to rescue them. Sue was coughing from the smoke from the fire. Carrie also put Sue in safe landing. Carrie floated herself out the school and began destroying the houses. The town. Piece by piece. Inch by inch. Billy and Chris were in his red car as they were driving away. Cop cars and ambulances were driving to the school. Chris was texting her dad. Come get me. \"What are you doing?! What are you doing?!\". Billy yelled. \"Nothing!\". Chris screamed. \"You think this is a fucking game! Shit!\". Billy yelled. \"What are we gonna do?\". Chris asked. \"We're are gonna leave town. And we're never gonna look back. Okay?\". Chris giggled as she kissed Billy. \"It's okay. It's gonna be okay\". Billy whispered. \"okay\". Chris said. Carrie saw the car driving away from a distance. She used to power the crack the street open. Billy came to a stop. They saw Carrie. \"It's Carrie!\". Chris said. \"Run her over\". \"What?\". \"Run. Her. Down\". Billy pressed his foot on the gas and drove as fast as he could. \"Kill her , Billy!\". Chris yelled. \"Shut up! I got this!\". Billy screamed. Carrie put her hand in front of the Car and Billy's nose hit the steering wheel cracking his nose. \"Billy?\". Chris shook him. \"No!\". She cried. Chris tried to open the door as Carrie locked it. Chris tried to drive the car and Carrie used her powers to lift it up and...As Carrie smiled evil at Chris she let her hand go, And drove the car into a gas station. Chris head went through the windshield as the car started leaking. Carrie looked at Chris and started to walk away. Carrie looked at the street pole and it hit the gas tanks, exploding and burning Chris to death. Sue , Dawson , Tommy , Ms. Desjardin , and Erica drove around looking for Carrie. \"Where is she?\". Sue asked. \"Over there! She's walking!\". Said Ms. Desjardin. They drove up next to Carrie. \"Carrie , sweetie\". Said Ms. Desjardin. \"We need to go\". Carrie looked at them still covered up in pigs blood. She started to cry. \"Look at what they made me do. I didn't mean to...I...I'm sorry!\". \"It's okay , Carrie\". Said Ms. Desjardin. They were all so scared of her. Bad knots turned in there stomachs. But they all liked Carrie a lot. So Carrie got into the car and they drove off, somewhere. Where they could hide Carrie. The end[Chapter 11] -Post story scene- \"I really wanna ask her, Tommy\". Said Sue. \"Can I see the ring?\". Tommy asked. \"Yeah\". Sue said as he gave Tommy the ring to see. \"Wow!\". Tommy whispered. \"It's beautiful\". Sue smiled. \"It is\". \"What are you both smiling about?\". Erica walked in the room with Dawson. \"Can you guys keep a secret?\". Sue asked them. \"Yeah\". Erica said. \"I'm gonna ask Carrie to marry me\". Sue smiled at Tommy gave her the ring. Erica gasped. \"Oh my god! That's so-\" \"Erica! Shush! Not so loud!\". Sue said quietly. \"Sorry\". Erica said. \"Where's Carrie, now?\". \"Still sleeping\". Said Sue. They all heard footsteps. \"she's up\". Said Sue as she smiled. Carrie did her usual business in the bathroom. \"Okay , let's set up the scavenger hunt for Carrie to solve\". Sue said. Carrie walked down the stairs in her house in Florida. She opened up the envelope. Hey sleepy head! I know things have been rough lately, but soon you'll see how much you still love me. Go on , go on boo. Look at the counter in the kitchen. And get clue #2. Carrie re-read her first clue and smiled. She got her 2nd clue. Now that you've found your second clue go to the backyard. I'm waiting to give you a prize, as pretty as your eyes. Carrie walked to the backyard and saw her friends and Rita standing and smiling. Carrie smiled at them and waved. \"Carrie\". Said Sue as she bent down on one knee. \"I can't apologize enough for all the horrible things I did to you in High School. I know sorry won't cut it. But you mean so much to me. Your smile. Your personality. Everything about you makes me wanna scream how much I love you. I will always be here for you. Carrie White. Will you marry me?\". Carrie started to cry and nodded. \"Yes!\". Sue put the ring on Carrie's finger as Sue lifted Carrie up bridal style, and they kissed.[Chapter 12] A/n: Hello , everyone! I am back! I been super busy with work and online classes. I will try to write one chapter or two chapters a week. This is my new story. These are one shots. I hope you enjoy and I hope everyone is doing well :) \"Where is it?\". Carrie said feeling frustrated. She looked everywhere trying to find her chicken stuffed animal. She looked through the windows of each class, she looked down at the floor to see if she didn't miss it on purpose. She stopped at her locker, and opened it only to see what she wish she didn't. \"No!\". She whispered as she started crying. She held her stuffed animal in her hand. Someone cut off the head off of her stuffed animal! She held the head and the chicken close to her as she couldn't control her crying. Luckily, Ms. Desjardin saw Carrie, as she rushed over to her. \"Carrie? Sweetie, what's wrong?\". Ms. Desjardin asked. \"M- Ms. Desjardin...S-someone did this to Fred! Someone ripped apart my stuffed animal!\". Ms. Desjardin hugged Carrie. \"What? Who would do something like that?\". \"P-probably Chris Hargensen!\". Carrie cried out. Ms. Desjardin felt her blood boiling from inside. \"Sit in the office, Carrie. I'll be right back. OKay?\". Carrie nodded and walked slowly. Ms. Desjardin was power walking to find Chris. She spotted her with Liz , and heather talking with themselves. Chris smiled very fake at her gym teacher. \"Oh, hi Ms-\" Her gym teacher shoved Chris into the locker as everyone looked in shock. \"I'm on to you, Hargensen! I know what you did to Carrie's stuffed animal, and quite frankly, I'm making a promise. If you hurt Carrie , again...I WILL hurt you! Understand?!\". Chris just swallowed her spit. She nodded quickly. \"Good. Now get to class\". She walked away from Chris and went to see Carrie. She opened the door and bent down next in front of Carrie. \"Hi\". She smiled at Carrie. \"Hi\". Carrie said plainly. \"I can't believe she ruined my stuffed animal. You worked hard on making me this\". \"I know\". Said Rita. \"But I can sew the head back on for you. It's okay. As long as I'm around - I won't let Chris and her stupid friends mess with you\". She hugged Carrie and Carrie hugged her back. Rita walked Carrie to have lunch in the cafeteria A/n: I hope you all enjoyed this.[Chapter 13] A/n: Helloooo everyone! I am back! Been very busy with work and classes. Also, I'm published on which is a news and magazine also available on google play. Yay! I hope everyone is doing good! \"That bitch!\". Chris spat. \"How did she know I tore off the stupid head off of her stupid stuffed animal?!\". Chris yelled. Billy just shrugged. \"No idea babe\". He said. They were both walking to get some clothes shopping done. They crossed the street to go into the New York Yankees store after the stop light turned into the walking guy thing. \"I still hate her\". Chris snarled. \"Why? I've never met her. But. Why do you hate her so much?\". Billy asked while he was starting to lose interest in the conversation. His mind is on that nice navy Blue and grey jacket. And it was on sale. \"BECAUSE! Because I didn't get a chance to fully enjoy prom! God, Billy! Haven't you been listening to anything I say to you about her?!\". Chris shouted. \"Yes! And it's annoying as fuck that you talk about her constantly! Do you like her or-\" Billy yelled. \"Don't finish that sentence! And NO. I don't like her!\". Chris argued back. \"Okay. Okay\". Billy said feeling defeated. Chris shook her head. \"I swear. You get on my nerves\". Billy just gave her a look. *Next* \"Okay, Carrie. It's fixed\". She gave the stuffed animal. \"Thank you!\". Carrie smiled. \"Anytime\". Rita smiled back. \"I still can't believe she did that\". Carrie started to frown. \"I know. Chris...she's not from...she's...she's a handful alright\". Rita hugged Carrie while Carrie is sitting on her lap. \"Can we go out to dinner?\". Carrie asked. \"Saturday. We'll go to that pizza place we both like\". Carrie smiled again. \"Okay. Oh, I have to pick up Sue from the library soon. She gets out in 15 minutes\". \"How does she like her writing lab for college?\". Rita asks. \"She likes it a lot. It's very helpful\". Carrie says. \"That's good. Let's go pick her up. I'm making spaghetti with chicken tonight. And salad\". \"Yummy!\". Carrie beamed happily. Rita laughed. *Next thing* \"I can't believe you chose Carrie to hangout with over me! Seriously, Sue. I hate you!\". Chris started to feel her face being red. Tears were starting to spill as she looked at the text messages. Hell had to be paid. One way. Or the other. A/n: I'm not sure where I'm going with this. But. Yeah. Let me know what y'all think. This is another new story. Continuing from the previous fan fiction story.[Chapter 14] A/n: After I finish this fan fiction story I'm going to be doing a bunch of one shot stories with Carrie being the main character. Thank you for being the best fans in the world and thank you for all the lovely reviews! Chris was filled with rage. She was filled with anger and sadness. She decided to text Sue. Chris: Hey. Can we talk?. Sue: Yeah. What's up? Chris: I've never told anyone this. But I'm in love with you. Sue: What? Chris: I'm in love with you. Sue: Chris... Chris: Just listen to me, okay. I don't want you marrying that freak Sue: Please don't call her that. Chris: When you dated Tommy that killed me. And now that you're with Carrie that also kills me. He had you. She has you. And the fact that I don't makes me sick! Sue: I'm marrying Carrie. Chris, I don't want to be friends with you anymore. I'm not going to be that person anymore. I'm sorry. Chris started crying hysterically. \"FUCK!\". She screamed. She threw her phone against the wall. Carrie and Sue and everyone else both graduated High School. Carrie ran and jumped into Sue's arms as they celebrated. They spent that night making passionate love. Sue went to the same college as Carrie. She majored in health and fitness. Carrie majored in literature and minored in art. *Day of the wedding* It's a beach wedding. The design looks stunning. Each table has a set of small roses in a vase. Lights surround the whole wedding. Al of Sue's family was there. Tommy, Erika, and George Dawson was also there. As well as Rita. (Ms. Desjardin). Sue's dad walked sue down the isle. Everyone's eyes were on her. \"You look beautiful\". He said. \"Thanks dad\". Said Sue. The music for the wedding played. Rita walked Carrie down the isle. \"You ready?\". She asked. \"More than ready\". Said Carrie. Sue and Carrie looked across from each other smiling. \"You may each say your vows. Who wants to go first?\". Said pastor Mathews. \"Me\". Said Sue. Pastor Mathews nodded. \"Carrie. I was horrible to you. And you still saw the good in me. I made you miserable and you forgave me. I gave you a hard time and I know you didn't deserve that. I'm so sorry for how I treated you in High School. You're a good person who showed me what's it like to be around someone so full of life and energy. I will always come home to you. I will always protect you. I love you\". Sue started to cry. Carrie cleared her throat. \"Sue. You showed me what true love is like. You helped me come out of my shell. I will always be faithful to you. I love you so much and I will always love you even after my last days on earth. I'm so proud to call you my wife\". \"I now pronounce you Mrs. and Mrs. Snell. You may kiss the bide\". They both kissed each other as everyone cheered. The music at the wedding had some hip hop songs that everyone danced to. Everyone was having a good time, laughing, eating, and smiling. After the wedding Sue and Carrie opened there wedding gifts. They live together in a nice condo. The end.[Chapter 15] A/n: Hii everyone! This is part 2 of my first story. this is going to be a series of one shots. if anyone has any ideas, send me a message on here. I'm open to ideas. Thank you all so much for those who are following this story. For every view I have and every follower I'm so grateful! You all are the best! Oh and I'm going to introduce a new character. An original character. \"You should come over, Carrie!\". Rita beamed. \"But Rita, I can't sing. Or dance\". Carrie frowned. \"Aww. Come on it'll be fun! The winner gets $20. I can't sing or dance neither. And neither can the rest of my family\". Rita put an arm around Carrie. Carrie sighed. \"Okay\". \"Yes! And you know who will be there? Sue's cousin, Tristan\". \"Cool\". Said Carrie very bland. \"We're all meeting at my house at 6pm\". \"What are we doing again?\". Asked Carrie. \"We're all just displaying our own talent. If we have any of course. Kind of like talent show\". Said Rita. \"Oh okay\". Said Carrie. *Next. At the house* \"I picked my song!\". Sue said as she smiled. \"what song babe?\". Asked Carrie. \"J ust hold on, I'm coming home by Drake\". Sue smirked. \"Awesome song selection. I chose wait by Maroon 5\". Said Carrie. \"Oooh! That's a great song!\". Sue said all excited. Carrie was brushing Sue's hair. \"Are you still friends with Heather?\". \"Yeah. Why?\". \"Let's set her up with somebody\". Carrie then started playing with her wife's hair. Sue smiled. \"Who do you have in mind?\". \"Tristan\". Said Carrie. \"Really?\". Sue asked. \"Yeah. She did show up at the wedding, plus, she was checking him out!\". Sue nodded. \"I'll see what I can do\". Carrie smiled. \"All done. You look beautiful as always\". Sue blushed. \"Awww thank you!\". She kissed her wife on the lips. They both shared a long passionate kiss. \"We need to go\". Said Carrie. \"Yeah. We're gonna be late\". Said Sue as she grabbed her purse and her phone. *At Rita's house* \" Okay. Ladies. Gentleman. Welcome to our first annual talent show. Whether you sing, rap, or just wanna be silly. All talents are welcome. Now let's start\". Said Rita. Everyone sat in the huge living room. They all smiled at each other. Tommy, George Dawson, Erika, and a few other of Sue's friends were there too. Cousin Jon went first. He did some silly dance and sang very badly. Everyone looked at him in a funny way. Each person did his or her own thing one by one. Everyone laughed at how silly they were all being. Carrie sang horribly as did Sue and each of them danced very awkwardly. And making weird faces. Last up is Tristan. He had on the beat of the song. Got to get it By sisqo. He looked at Heather. He winked at her and sang to her. He started dancing around the room. To be even more weird he was kind of shaking his butt and making his eyes go really wide. Everyone looked at him in shock. Heather was smiling and staring at him. ' Mm. He's sooo fine '. She thought to herself. He took heather's hand as he was dancing around her and he was checking her out. ' Goodness gracious she's beautiful '. He thought to himself. Tristan took her hands and placed them on his chest as he continued singing. She blushed hard! After the song was over. Everyone clapped, whistled and cheered. She kissed right there and then as he kissed back. Carrie and Sue hugged them both. He is the winner and wins $20. A/n: Chapter 1 of part is a wrap. Chapter 2 I'm writing tomorrow.[Chapter 16] A/n : hey Everyone. If you like the NFL and football breaking news, check out my friends YouTube channel. His channel is JetsCentral. And if you look the NBA and basketball rebuilds, check out my other friends YouTube channel. His channel is crushables. Also I have a YouTube channel. My YouTube name is Faitharoni roni. Subscribe if you want comment down below. Thank you. \"So babe. Quick question. Have you ever celebrated Christmas?\" Sue asked her wife as she was putting the ornaments on the tree, while Carrie was helping. \"No. In my household we never celebrated any holiday\". Said Carrie. Sue stopped what she was doing and looked at Carrie with sorrow and disbelief. \"What?\". \"We never celebrated my birthday either\". Said Carrie. She did her best to hide her sadness. \"Not even your birthday? That's crazy!\". Exclaimed Sue. \"It's okay hon. Really-\" \"Oh, don't worry. We're celebrating Christmas and your birthday! And -\" \"We don't have to celebrate my birthday. I mean -\" \"We should. Carrie, baby, I want to give you everything you want. Christmas is a only three days away. What do you have on your Christmas list?\" Sue said. \"I memorized it. I want these converse shoes. The low ones. Not the high tops. And I want this winter hat. Well more like a beanie\". Said Carrie. Sue he smiled at her wife. \"You're such a dork!\". Sue giggled. \"But you're my dork!\". Sue kissed Carrie's forehead. Carrie smiled. \"What do you want for Christmas?\". \"A play station 3\". Said Sue as she grinned. \"Noted\". \"The tree looks beautiful!\". Carrie beamed. Sue smiled. \"It does\". She holds Carrie's hand. Carrie lightly squeezes her hand. \"Oh, Sue. I can't wait to wake up with you on Christmas morning\". Said Carrie. \"Sleeping next to you makes my heart warm\". Sue said lovingly. *Christmas morning* Everyone one in Sue's family wakes up. Everyone is having breakfast. And just chatting and reading the newspaper from a few days ago. Sue is holding Carrie in her arms while Carrie has her head resting on Sue's shoulder. \"Sue?\". Said Carrie. \"Yeah\". Said Sue. \"You're so comfortable to lay on. I never wanna be out of your arms\". Carrie cooed. Sue held her wife a little more tighter. \"I love having you in my arms\". She kissed Carrie's hair. \"We gotta shower and get dressed. Are you hungry?\". \"Yeah\". Carrie felt herself feeling relaxed. \"Okay babe. I'll shower first\". Said Sue. After Sue showers puts on a bit of make up, Carrie showers also. They both go downstairs. Everyone smiles at them while they hold hands. \"Hey ladies. How does pancakes and bacon sound?\" Sue's mom asks. \"Sounds great!\". Said Sue and Carrie in unison. After Sue and Carrie are they went into the living room. Everyone opened there presents. Carrie hands Sue a present. \"Merry Christmas babe\". Said Carrie. Sue opened it to see that she got a play station 3. \"Oh my gosh! Thank you!\". Sue kissed Carrie. \"Here's your presents\". Sue gave Carrie two presents all wrapped up. Carrie opens it to see a Spiderman beanie winter hat. And white and blue converse shoes.\"Thanks hon!\". Beamed Carrie. Everyone watched movies together. Carrie sat on Sue's lap. Sue held Carrie from the side. Everything is perfect this Christmas.[Chapter 17] *post post story one shot scene* Carrie stared at those papers. She'd never thought it would come to this. Her and her wife, Sue swore to there vows. She couldn't stand to look at them. She couldn't get those visions out of her head. Sue and some girl named Sarah. Being intimate. Going on dates. Carrie didn't want this. She didn't ask for this. But she had a feeling in her stomach that this is for the best. Carrie wiped the tears from her eyes and grabbed the pen. She signed it and looked at what the papers said once more. 'At least my heart won't be broken any more'. She thought to herself. Carrie has never felt this devastated before. She has never felt so...so disgusted before. \"Hey Carrie\". Said heather. Heather gave Carrie a sincere look. She patted Carrie's back and gave her a tight hug. \"Heather...\" Carrie whimpered. \"Was it my fault?!\". Carrie cried out. Heather shook her head. \"No. Sue, she is just stupid\". Heather held Carrie and gave her comfort. In the front of the paper had big black bold letters. Divorce papers[Chapter 18] \"Carrieeeeee. Wakeeee wakeeee\". Said Sue as she smiled. She got into there bed and held Carrie in her arms. \"Mm\". Said Carrie sleepily. \"It's your birthday my beautiful wife. Waaake uup\". Sue poured as she playfully pokes Carrie on the nose. Carrie mumbled something and turned the other way. \"Come on babe. I made you your favorite lunch birthday girl\". Sue took the covers and pushed them back. \"Suuuueeee\". Carrie complained. \"It's too early for this!\". Carrie pulled the covers back on herself. \"Carrie, it's 12 in the afternoon. And your food will get cold. Wake up, sleepy head\". Carrie sighed and pouted. \"Do I have to?\". She asked. \"Yes. Come on Mrs grumpy pants\". Sue placed a kiss on Carrie's nose. \"Do you want me to carry you?. She asked. Carrie nodded. \"Okay. Come here you big baby\". Sue said jokingly. She lifted her wife up bridal style. Carrie stuck her tongue out at her wife and smiled. \"Works like a charm. Every time\". Carrie mumbled to herself. \"What was that?\". Sue asked. \"Nothing!\". Carrie said. \"Mhm\". Said Sue. She placed Carrie on the couch and gave her a cheese burger with fries. And a soda. She put Carrie on her own lap as she ate her food. \"How is it?\". \"Very good\". Sue kissed Carrie on the cheek. \"Here's your present\". She gave Carrie her present. \"Is it what I think it is?! Is that what I think it is?\". Carrie said getting all excited. \"I don't know. You'll have to open it\". Sue said smiling. Carrie wasted no time. She open the present and her eyes grew wide. \"It is\". Carrie whispered. \"Happy birthday my love. My cute panda\". Sue kissed Carrie on her cheek again. The present is a huge stack of Spiderman comic books. A/n: more one shots of Carrie and the other characters on the way! Please leave a review. Thank you all for reading and being so awesome.[Chapter 19] A/n: Before I begin this one shot of Carrie and Tommy. Chapters 12-14 are somewhat connected. Like Chris just can't let Carrie and Sure be happy. So she tries again and again she fails. Chris completely lies to Sue about her being in love with Sue. Chris will literally do anything. But like I said...Chris failed. Sorry I forget to mention that! \"That's you singing ?\". Asks Carrie. Tommy smiles. \"Yeah\". \"Wow! It's really good\". Carrie says as she compliments his songs. \"Thanks! I, uh, I wrote this song for this girl who's in the same college as George Dawson\". Tommy admits. \"Awww! What's her name?\". Carrie asks. \"Sarah\". Says Tommy as his face lights up. \"Oooooh! Tommy Ross has a crush!\". Yells Carrie. Tommy's face turns red out of embarrassment as he smiles. He laughed and said, \"Yeah. She's great. And she's really cute. she has blonde - brunette hair. And light green eyes\". \"She sounds lovely! Ask her out\". Says Carrie. \"I think I will. I think I will play the song for her and ask her out that way\". Says Tommy. \"That's so romantic!\". Exclaims Carrie. *Later on that day* \"Sarah, I want you to hear something. A song I wrote and recorded\". Says Tommy as he brings her into the recording studio. \"I wanna hear!\". She lightly bounces on her feet. \"Okay! Here. Have a listen\". He says. He plays the song for her as they both sit in two different computer desk chairs. Sarah bops her head. \"I dig this! Who's the song about?\". Sarah asks. \"I'm talking to her right now\". Admits Tommy. Sarah smiles at him and jumps on him. \"Is that a yes?\". He asks as he holds her in his arms. \"YES!\". Sarah yells as they kiss.[Chapter 20] A/n: This is for my good friend, James! This is for you, bro! Disclaimer: I don't own the Carrie characters. And I don't own the friend request characters. The cafeteria at the college was filled with college students. Every college student was eating his or her lunch. People who are already friends were sitting with each other. Sue, Laura and her friends were sitting at one table. \"What are you staring at?\". Asks Laura. \"That girl over there. She's alone\". Says Sue. Laura frowned. \"She is\". Sue grabs her purse. \"I think I will sit with her\". Says Sue. \"Why? She looks creepy\". Says Elijah. \"Shut up\". Says Sue. Elijah rolls his eyes. \"Excuse me\". Says sue. The girl jumps and hesitates. she tries to get up and leave. \"Wait! Don't leave. Sit. I just wanna...Well, you look interesting. And I want to sit with you\". Says Sue. \"Me? Why?\". the girl says quietly. \"Because you look like you need a friend\". Said sue. The girl smile kind of genuine but kind of shyly. \"I, I'm Carrie\". Sue smiled. \"I'm Susan. But you can call me Sue\". Carrie smiled even more but that quickly faded away. \"Your friends. They're staring at us\". Carrie tried hard not to frown. \"Don't worry. They're harmless\". Says Sue. She sits down next to Carrie. \"What do you have there on your laptop? I noticed you were looking at it the whole time\". Carrie showed Sue what it was. \"It's my art\". Says Carrie. \"Holy smokes! it's really cool!\". Says Sue as she felt truly impressed. \"Thank you\". Says Carrie. Sue carried her way into the conversation. \"What's your major Carrie?\". She asks. \"Psychology\". Says Carrie. \"You?\". She asks. \"The same!\". Says Sue. \"Can we be friends?\". Asks Carrie. \"Of course we can\". Smiles Sue. \"You know, you don't need all this make up on. You're already beautiful\". Sue adds. Carrie blushed. 'I think I love her already'. Carrie thought to herself. \"You're beautiful yourself\". Says Carrie to her new friend. \"Here. Let me give you my number. You can text me or call me anytime after 3pm\". Says Sue. She writes her number down on a piece of paper. Carrie's face lit up. \"Really?\". she says as she gasps. \"Yeah. I gotta get going. I'll see you later\". Carrie nods. \"Okay\". While Sue was hanging out with her friends she goes on Facebook and sees a new notification. Carrie white wants to add you as a friend! Sue smiled. She clicked the \"Accept\" button. \"Oh god, Sue!\". Says Elijah. \"You accepted her friend request?\". She says. \"What's your issue? She's a nice girl. Lay off of her\". Sue defends Carrie. \"I'm telling you. This girl ain't right\". Elijah presses on. Sue rolls her eyes. \"She's perfectly fine. She just needs a friend is all. You'll see\". Says Sue. \"Okay\". Elijah finally surrenders. After everyone leaves Sue gets a call from Carrie. Sue smiled. \"Hii!\". She says happily. \"Hii honey!\". Says Carrie cheerfully. \"I left some comments on your Facebook page. Did you see them?\". Asks Carrie. Sue nods. \"I did! And I'm glad you called. Come over to my birthday party. It's tomorrow\". Carrie smiled. \"Really? Do you really want me to be there?\". Asks Carrie. \"Of course I do! And if my friends give you a hard time...I will slap them\". Carrie giggled. \"Okay!\". Sue and Carrie smiled at each other. *At the party* Carrie walks up the stairs with a present in her hands. \"Hello?\". She says feeling slightly anxious. \"Carrie! Hi!\" Laura says. She greets Carrie with a warm smile. \"Sue is up here with us. I love your outfit!\". Says Laura. \"Thanks!\". Says Carrie. Sue is chatting with her friends when she spots Carrie walking Laura. \"Hi! We are over here just having dinner\". Says Sue. \"These are my friends Tyler, Elijah, Madison and I'm sure you know who Laura is\". Sue continued. \"This is my mom, Abby. Guys this is Carrie\". Carrie looked at everyone nervously and spoke up softly. \"H-hi\". She waved and slightly smiled. \"Hey\". Everyone said in unison. \"I was right. She IS creepy\". Elijah says rudely. \"You know what? If you're gonna make fun of her, leave\". Sue says protectively\"Are you serious ?!\". Yells Elijah out of disgust. \"Yes!\". Exclaims Sue. \"Fine. Goodnight everyone\". Says Elijah. She brushes past Sue aggressively and stomps away out of anger. \"Um...should I leave?\". Asks Carrie as if she felt like it was her fault, but Carrie knew it wasn't. \"No. Stay with us. Elijah, well, she's being not very nice\". Says Sue. \"I think I'll go\". Says Carrie. Before she can walk away, Sue holds Carrie's hand. \"Please. Please stay\". Sue tries to convince Carrie. \"Alright. Hey, I made you something\". Says Carrie. Sue smiled. \"Oh yeah? What is it?\". Carrie gave Sue her present. \"It's a drawing. I worked on it for 2 weeks\". Sue gasped. \"It's so pretty!\". Sue whispered. \"You like it?\". Carrie asks. \"I love it, I love it so much!\". Says Sue. She hugs Carrie as Carre felt safe in Sue's arms. As time moves on Carrie and Sue became closer. They would video chat whenever possible. They would text whenever possible. Sue loves to hear Carrie's voice. And Carrie loves to hear Sue's voice. They would cuddle when watching a movie. Laura would playfully tease Sue and Carrie about them being in love. Before Carrie would sleep she'd cuddle her pillow pretending it's Sue. And Sue would dream about Carrie. After classes Carrie would bring Sue coffee. Decaf. Half and half. No sugar. There first kiss was when Carrie and Sue was on the couch. There noses were touching and Sue kissed Carrie first. And Carrie kissed back. After college they continued with a couple more years in school. They made love for the first time in Sue's room. Scented candles surrounded the room. Soft music was playing. The bed was in rose petals and shaped in a heart. They were both gentle with each other and the next morning woke up in each other's arms. Carrie didn't have much of a family. While Sue had practically everything. Well, almost everything. Carrie shows Sue her appreciation almost every week by buying her girlfriend little gifts. She expresses her gratitude ever day. When they came out as a couple, surprisingly , people were happy. And also very surprised. Sue's family accepted Carrie as if she were there own. As Carrie now knows what it feels like to have a support system. And not to feel lonely again.[Chapter 21] \"I don't wanna see that movie!\". Carrie pouted. \"Please! Pleeeeaase can we see it?\" Begged Tommy. \"I don't know if that's a good idea, Tommy\". Said Sue. \"I mean, seeing part 2 of the strangers...We should probably see something else\". Sue continued. \"But the first movie is soooo good! And there's so much hype with the second one!\". Tommy pressed on. \"Suuueeeee!\". Carrie frowned. \"I know babe. Hold on\". Said Sue as she comforted her wife. As she hugged Carrie. \"Tommy, how about we see the movie...um, A Wrinkle in time ?\". Asked Sue. \"No. That movie doesn't even look good. How about Black Panther ?\". Said Tommy. \"Carrie, do you wanna see Black Panther?\". Sue asked. \"Yeah!\". Carrie smiled. \"I even wore my shirt\". Said Carrie. \"I see. Well, it looks good on you\". Sue complimented Carrie as she smiled her. \"Alright. Black panther it is\". Said Tommy. \"Carrie, will you get the popcorn and the soda?\". Sue asked. \"Sure\". Said Carrie. As Carrie went to get it Tommy took the chance to talk to Sue. \"Can I asks you something?\". Tommy asked. \"Yeah. What's up?\". Said Sue. \"Why is Carrie afraid of scary movies?\". Asked Tommy. \"Well...One night Carrie and I were watching a scary movie called The town that dreaded sun down and she got really scared. She started crying and Tommy, I felt so bad. I held her and I could see and feel how tense she was that night. It was my own fault for picking that movie. I should have known\". Sue said as she frowned thinking about what happened that night as the flash backs played in her head. \"Oh my god\". Tommy said as he felt himself feeling bad. \"I had no idea. I'm so sorry. I-\" Sue cut Tommy off. \"It's okay. She's okay now\". Said Sue as her and Tommy watched Carrie get the popcorn and soda. Tom,y smiled. \"I'm glad she's okay\". Sue patted Tommy on the back. \"Me too\". Sue, Tommy, and Carrie walked into where the movie is showing and they had a great time.[Chapter 22] \"Baby. We gotta get ready for our Halloween party at Tommy's house\". Sue was stroking Carrie's hair. \"The party starts at 6:30\". Sue continues as she pets Carrie softly. \"Okay. Let's get ready\". Both ladies get there makeup on and their Halloween costumes. Sue puts on a sexy Freedy Kreuger costume and Carrie puts on a Jason Vorhees costume. Carrie puts on a black leather jacket to cover herself up. They drive to there friend's house and the party looks like it almost started. They see Tommy at the door fretting everyone. He spots Carrie and Sue holding hands as he smiles at them. \"Hey ladies! Glad you can make it!\". Tommy says feeling all excited. \"Hi Tommy\". Says Carrie. \"Hey Carrie!\". Says Tommy as he hugs Sue and Carrie at the same time. \"Oh, and there's no alcohol. Only soda and water and Gatorade\". Tommy says. Sue nods as all three walk in and see everyone just talking. Some people are sitting. Some are standing. And a few people are dancing. Sue sees Chris talking with her boyfriend, Billy and Sue's former friend Norma. \"Uh, let's walk this way. We can dance over here if you want\". Says Sue. \"That'd be great\". Carrie says. The find a spot to dance as some people are looking at them. From a good distance Chris, Billy, and Norma see Carrie and Sue. \"Is that Sue and...Carrie?\". Asks. \"Looks like it is. Come on guys. Let's go make there lives hell tonight\". Says Chris as she is feeling mischievous. \"Sue. Carrie. Good to see you here\". Says Norma. \"What do you guys want? Can't you see we are busy?\". Says Sue. \"Too bad. This is who you left us for?\". Chris says to Sue as she points at Carrie. \"It is. And she's not an it. Carrie is a person and the most kindest person I know. So leave us be\". Says Sue. \"We will\". Says Chris. She takes her red flavored Gatorade and dumps it on Sue's hair. \"What the hell Chris?!\". Yells Sue. Chris laughed. \"Hey!\". Tommy yells. \"Leave my wife alone. I'm only telling you once\". Says Carrie. \"You'll do what? Cry home to your mommy?\". Chris says. Carrie uses her powers to literally seal Chris' lips shut. Billy and Norma look at Carrie in disbelief. \"Who wants some? You, Billy?\". Says Carrie. Billy shakes his head feeling scared. \"How about you?\". Carrie points at Norma. Norma also shakes her head. \"Leaves us alone. And walk away now\". Carrie hisses. Billy and Chris and Norma leave the party. Tommy opens the door and says, \"You three are a piece of shit. Don't forget that!\". Tommy spat. Everyone claps for Carrie as they saw what she did.[Chapter 23] \"Ahhh there's my wifey\". Said Sue as she smiles. \"Hi!\". Said Carrie. \"How was your 'me' time?\". Carrie asked. \"It was nice thank you for asking. I got myself some cute tops. And I got you this hoodie. It's a champions hoodie\". Said Sue. She gave Carrie the hoodie and showed her the tops she bought. \"Oh, this is cute!\". Carrie beamed. \"I'm glad you like it! These are the tops. And it was on sale. 3 tops for $20\". Sue smiled. \"That's really good! Not bad at all\". Said Carrie. \"Right! So anyway this is a red top. A green top. And a blue top\". Said Sue. \"Very nice. I like them. I may borrow one or two of them\" said Carrie. \"You're more than welcome to borrow any of my clothes\". Sue kissed Carrie on the lips. \"What do you wanna do today? It's starting to snow\". Sue said she layed down Carrie. Carrie snuggled her tightly. \"We can watch movies. I bought some chips yesterday. Some no salt potato chips and Doritos\". Said Carrie. \"That sounds like a good plan. I'll get the cranberry juice. You pick the first movie\". Said Sue. Carrie smiled. \"On it\". She said. Carrie kisses Sue once again and went to find a good movie on Tubi TV. \"Oh and thank you for the hoodie\". Sue blew a kiss to her wife. \"You know I love to spoil you babe\". Sue took the cranberry juice out of the freezer and put some ice in two glass cups. She poured the cranberry juice as Carrie opened the two bags of chips and put some chips on both plastic plates. She got four slices of bread and put them in the toaster. After they popped, Carrie she put some cold cuts, mayo, and mustard on the sandwiches. She placed the plastic plates on the table and found a movie to watch. She picked 'Her best Move'. Sue put the cups of cranberry juice on the table and sat next to Carrie. \"I love you\". Said Sue. \"Love you too\". Said Carrie. They spent the day watching movies and relaxing as the snow really came down. Later on that night they made love until 2am and went to sleep.[Chapter 24] A/n: I accidentally put the wrong title. Sorry. This is a new chapter of Its the simple things (part 2 - chapter 10) \"Hi Carrie. Please come in. How are you?\". Sue asks. \"I'm doing good. Lots has happened\". Carrie says. \"Oh yeah? Tell me\". Sue says. She takes a bite of her bagel and a sip of her iced coffee. \"I wrote down my most recent hallucination. I even memorized it\". Said Carrie. \"Please share\". Sue says. \"Ok, well, it's karaoke night. Everyone is at the bar. Drinking. Having fun. And it's my turn to sing. I tell the owner of the club to dim the lights down. I start to sing 'All I think about is you' by Ansel Elgort. Every time I sang that part of the song where it says 'All I think about you is you' I point right at here. The girl I like. Who has a boyfriend but he's trash. He's eyeing some chick and flirting with her. I can't dance at all. But...I say screw it and bust out all the dance moves in my arsenal. And at one point...I crawl on the floor and kneel in front of her. And I sing to her. and I walk off the stage as everyone claps\". Sue smiled. \"That sounds so wonderful! And who is this lady?\". She asks. \"Her name is Laura. And her dumb boyfriend; his name is Tyler. He stinks. And he's dumb\". Sue laughed. \"Why is he dumb?\". \"He's got muscles. And not much else. But the thing is..as I'm singing all these hallucinations are around me. I feel it. I see it. I hear you. Laura and Tyler having dinner. Them watching movies. Them having sex. It's all around me. Only I can see it\". Says Carrie. \"Like you're in it\". Says Carrie. \"Exactly\". Sue smiled. \"That's kinda cool. Now let me ask you these questions\". \"Okay\". Carrie says. \"These fictional characters. Laura, Marina, these super heroes. I can see you're attached to them. Which is honestly great. Do you feel attracted to them?\". Sue asks. Carrie sips on her peanutbutter cup smoothie. \"Yeah, I mean, they're cool. They're physically fit\". Sue nods. \"That's awesome. Would you date any of them?\". She asks. \"No. Yes. I don't know. I mean...I won't lie. I'm attracted to Laura. She's beautiful. Pretty smil. Nice body. Big green eyes. And...yeah\". Carrie smiled and blushed. Sue smiled even wider. \"She does sound pretty. Do you know what we just accomplished these past two sessions?\". \"What's that?\". Carrie asks. \"A break through\". Sue smiled.[Chapter 25] A/n: I accidentally put the wrong title. Sorry. This is a new chapter of Its the simple things (part 2 - chapter 10) \"Hi Carrie. Please come in. How are you?\". Sue asks. \"I'm doing good. Lots has happened\". Carrie says. \"Oh yeah? Tell me\". Sue says. She takes a bite of her bagel and a sip of her iced coffee. \"I wrote down my most recent hallucination. I even memorized it\". Said Carrie. \"Please share\". Sue says. \"Ok, well, it's karaoke night. Everyone is at the bar. Drinking. Having fun. And it's my turn to sing. I tell the owner of the club to dim the lights down. I start to sing 'All I think about is you' by Ansel Elgort. Every time I sang that part of the song where it says 'All I think about you is you' I point right at here. The girl I like. Who has a boyfriend but he's trash. He's eyeing some chick and flirting with her. I can't dance at all. But...I say screw it and bust out all the dance moves in my arsenal. And at one point...I crawl on the floor and kneel in front of her. And I sing to her. and I walk off the stage as everyone claps\". Sue smiled. \"That sounds so wonderful! And who is this lady?\". She asks. \"Her name is Laura. And her dumb boyfriend; his name is Tyler. He stinks. And he's dumb\". Sue laughed. \"Why is he dumb?\". \"He's got muscles. And not much else. But the thing is..as I'm singing all these hallucinations are around me. I feel it. I see it. I hear you. Laura and Tyler having dinner. Them watching movies. Them having sex. It's all around me. Only I can see it\". Says Carrie. \"Like you're in it\". Says Carrie. \"Exactly\". Sue smiled. \"That's kinda cool. Now let me ask you these questions\". \"Okay\". Carrie says. \"These fictional characters. Laura, Marina, these super heroes. I can see you're attached to them. Which is honestly great. Do you feel attracted to them?\". Sue asks. Carrie sips on her peanutbutter cup smoothie. \"Yeah, I mean, they're cool. They're physically fit\". Sue nods. \"That's awesome. Would you date any of them?\". She asks. \"No. Yes. I don't know. I mean...I won't lie. I'm attracted to Laura. She's beautiful. Pretty smil. Nice body. Big green eyes. And...yeah\". Carrie smiled and blushed. Sue smiled even wider. \"She does sound pretty. Do you know what we just accomplished these past two sessions?\". \"What's that?\". Carrie asks. \"A break through\". Sue smiled.[Chapter 26] A/n: Hiii everyone! I accidentally posted the same chapter twice. Sorry! But I do have a couple new ideas. Carrie was tossing and turning. She was having trouble sleeping. Her pillow is soaking wet from crying. She is sniffling and wanting to not wake up Sue. Sue is sound asleep with one arm wrapped around Carrie. Carrie is trying her best to cry silently. She just couldn't take it anymore. And decided to wake up Sue. \"Sue\". She whispered. \"Baby\". She said a little louder. \"Hmm\". Mumbled Sue. \"Baby!\". Cried Carrie. \"Carrie. What's wrong?\". Sue asks. \"I'm sad\". Says Carrie. \"Why are you sad babe?\". Sue asks. \"When we get into our elderly years. And the day you pass away. My heart won't be able to take it. I...Don't wanna lose my wife\". Says Carrie as she is still sniffling. \"Oh sweetie. It's gonna be okay. Come here\". Says sue. She holds Carrie in her arms and pets her softly. \"I don't mean to make you feel bad. But what's making you think about this?\". Says Sue. \"Humans don't last forever. Everything does not last forever. And it's scary. It breaks my heart\". says Carrie. \"Think of this way. We have each other. We always will. Even when I'm 100 years old and I kick the bucket. Every piece of me will always stay with you. And that. I can promise\". Says Sue. Carrie said nothing. She continued to cry. \"It's alright\". Sue whispers. \"And I want to apologize also. For how I treated you the other night. I'm disgusted with myself. I know this is easier said than done. But I want us to start over. I want to be on for you all the time. And I make this promise that I will do what I need to do so I can make you happy\". Sue continues. \"You hurt me\". Cried Carrie. \"I know I did. I hate myself for doing that. You wanted to move in with me and I said no. I should have never said watching over you is a headache. I regret saying that. Every day. Please Carrie! Please forgive me\". Sue said. Carrie nodded. \"I forgive you. My heart is very fragile. Please Sue. Don't treat me that way again \". Sue kissed Carrie on her forehead. \"I won't\". Says Sue. \"I love you\". Says Carrie. \"I love you too my stud muffin\". Says Sue.[Chapter 27] A/n : I'm currently under the weather. I do have a cold / allergies. But I will post new chapters for you all as much as I can. :) This is a mixture of Carrie and Sue. With The friend request characters Laura and Marina. With Laura's closest friends and Tyler and Kobe. And my original character :) I don't own the Carrie characters. I don't own the friend request characters. I own my original character which is Alexi. \"Suuueeee! This place is so beautiful!\" Carrie beamed with excitement. She looked around as she smiled. \"Yeah, this place sure does seem magical. This is all for you babe. For your birthday and for graduating\". Said Sue. She smiled lovingly at her girlfriend. She placed her lips on Carrie's lips. Carrie is in disbelief. \"F-for...me?\". Sue nodded. \"Yep. We're all gonna spoil you tonight\". Sue kissed Carrie's hair. \"This place is absolutely stunning! It's a huge space. Even the dinner tables are beautiful. The candle lights make it more spontaneous\". Said Laura. \"Yeah it does. There's even a stage. You should sing!\". Said Marina. Alexi smiled. \"I might\". \"What time will be the dinner and celebration?\". Carrie asked. \"6:30\". Said Sue. \"I wanna wear this dress I got. It's creaky pretty. It's dark pink and has pika dots. I'm thinking that a9nd converse shoes. Or those Black flat heels\". Said Carrie. \"That dress sounds really cute!\". Cooed Marina. \"Oh, it is!\". Carrie said as she smiled. She pulled up a picture of the dress on her phone. And showed it to Laura. \"This is the dress\". Laura's eyes got wide. \"Wow!\". She whispered. \"That's a nice dress\". She whispered again. She smiled at it. \"Right!?\". Said Carrie. *At the apartment* Carrie straightened out her hair. She didn't put on any make up seeing as she's a natural beauty. She put on the dress and the black heels. She put the hand bag around her arm. \"I'm ready\". Sue almost choked on her seltzer watered she drank it. \"Damn baby girl. You look great\". Sue bit her lip deductively at Carrie. She blushed while looking at her girlfriend and kissed her. Sue rested Carrie's head on her chest. Carrie smiled and hugged Sue. Sue put on her heels as well and held Carrie's hand. They arrive at the dinner place. Amazing steak. Amazing sushi. Amazing scallop. Kind of like a hibachi restaurant. Carrie and Sue see there friends at the dinner table. They also see Sue's parents and Laura's mom including Kate, a girl that Carrie talks to on Facebook. They each order what they want small talk. \"Carrie and Sue. You both look so beautiful!\". Said Laura's mom. \"Aww. Thanks Ms. Woodson!\". Said Sue. \"Thank you. You look very nice yourself\". Said Carrie. \"Thank you ladies!\". Said Ms. Woodson. Everyone said jokes and chatted. Kobe couldn't keep his eyes off of Laura. Tyler was just getting quiet. He's also looking at Laura. Everyone else was laughing and having an awesome time. Kobe made a tiny speech about having awesome friends that will be great friends with each other. And he wished Carrie a happy birthday. Sue tapped her spoon against the glass and stood up. She said, \"Carrie my babe. I'm so proud of you. Congratulations honey. You always impress me. I love you so much and I'm so happy you gave me a chance. Happy birthday my amazing girlfriend. And thank you all for being with us tonight. Cheers!\". Everyone drank there glass of champagne. \"If it's okay. I'd like to go on stage and sing\". Said Alexi. Everyone nodded. Alexi walked on stage. He told the DJ to play the beat to the song. He sang a cover his own lyrics to the song 'Lick lick' by Pleasure P. He grabbed the microphone stick and before he started singing he said, \"Laura. I wrote this for you. I hope you like it\". He sang the song and hit those high pitched notes like crazy! The song switched to another song he wrote his own lyrics to. A song by Pleasure P called 'Under'. He danced a little. And pointed to her and smiled. After the song ended he said, \"I love you Laura. Will you be my girlfriend?\". Laura smiled and nodded. She walked up and kissed him. Everyone clapped.[Chapter 28] A/n: What's up everyone! I'm just going to give a quick update. I will definitely be posting up more chapters for y'all. I'm so excited because I have a few ideas! Thank you for reading my fan fiction story and thank you for the awesome reviews![Chapter 29] Sue was filled with anger! She was filled with vengeance! She slammed her stuff on the table next to her wife. She plopped down as Carrie could tell that her wife looked like she wanted to kick someone's head off. Carrie wanted to ask her what's wrong. So to avoid anything bad she proceeded with caution of course. \"Baby. Sue. What's wrong?\". Carrie asked. \"That BITCH. Chris Hargensen. She...She made up a rumor that I'm sleeping with our art teacher. And it's spread throughout the whole school. Ugghh! I wanna slap that grin off her face so bad!\". Sue gritted. \"I'll be back\". Said Carrie. Sue nodded as she ate her lunch violently stabbing the salad with a fork. \"Hi. One soda please\". Said Carrie. Carrie waited not too long at the lunch line. She paid Two dollars for the soda and put some laxatives in the soda. She walked to where Chris is sitting and gave her the soda. \"A soda. For you\". Said Carrie to Chris. Chris gave her a look and reluctantly took the zero sugar coke-cola. \"Um. Thanks. You can go away now\". Said Chris. Carrie walked away and sat with Sue. She put an arm around her as they both watched Chris. Chris took a huge sip of the soda and a few minutes later she felt like she was gonna poop! \"OH MY GOD!\". Chris yelled. She ran to the bathroom as fast as she could but poop was spilling out like crazy! And it wasn't the best day to wear black leggings and a green hoodie. Because...The leggings are kinda see through. The poop was pretty much threatening to come out. She held her bum and ran to the bathroom as fast she could. \"Move! Move!\". She yelled to the other students. \"Oh god, oh, oh god!\". But it was too late. Chris crapped herself all over her panties and leggings. The other students were laughing and some of the ladies in the ladies bathroom were laughing hysterically. And to make things worse for Chris Hargensen , she has no change of clothes. No spare clothes. No spare panties. She splat all over the toilet like a rocket taking off. Chris was hyperventilating. Breathing heavy. \"No. Not again\". She whispered. Aaaand more poop came out! \"Fuck!\". She yelled. She grasped the toilet paper thing as poop kept coming out. She called her dad. \"Dad!\". She yelled out. \"What Chris?! I'm working!\". He dad spat. Chris rolled her eyes. \"Help me! I don't have any spare clothes and- ahhh!\". Her dad shook his head and hung up. \"Mother fucker!\". Chris shouted. Carrie gave Sue a hi five and they kissed. \"Babe. What did you do?\". Sue asked. \"Ohhh nothing. I, uh, put laxatives in the soda\". Carrie smiled. Sue bursted out laughing. \"Wow! That genius!\". Sue laughed out loud. Carrie couldn't stop giggling. \"No one will mess with my baby\". Carrie said.[Chapter 30] A/n: What's up everyone! I hope all of you are doing good :) \"Baby. I'm nervous\". Sue said as she frowned. \"Why my love?\". Carrie asked. \"What if I mess up. What if I don't do this job the best to my abilities\". Said Carrie. \"I'll know you'll do great. I have confidence in you that you'll do awesome! If they didn't think you'd know your basketball then...they wouldn't have promoted you. You know?\". Said Carrie. \"Yeah. That's true. You're right\". Said Sue. \"You look so beautiful. I love you\". Carrie said. \"Thank you! I love you too\". Said Sue. They both kissed each other on the lips for a few minutes. Sue grabbed her purse and her key to there apartment and left. Carrie put on the TV and sat down as she was eating a burger that she made. Sue is at the press conference in New York city. Manhattan, New York. She sits down with President of basketball operations Steve Mills, and assistant General Manager Scott Perry, and the new head coach...Kenny Smith. Scott Perry clears his throat and says, \"Hello everybody. Thank you all for showing up today. After we've interviewed a couple of candidates we've made a decision on someone that we feel knows what we need offensively. Someone who knows what we need defensively. Ladies and gentleman. Our new general manager of this team is...Susan Snell\". New York Knicks fans are in complete shock! ALL of the NBA analysts are also in shock! Sue shook the hands of Steve, Scott, and Kenny. She sat down and smiled wide. The New York Knicks media and journalists took pictures. Journalist #1 asked a question. He asked, \"Will you be trading Carmelo Anthony?\". Sue nodded. \"Yes. Carmelo is still a great offensive player. He has been professional. He's been great for this team. He's also 32. And I feel like it's time to move this team in a new direction. I feel like it's time for us to move on from Melo\". Journalist #2 asked, \"In which direction will you move this team?\". Sue spoke. \"Our defense really struggled. Especially in the paint. I will be looking at players who can defend the perimeter. Players that can block shots. Players that are a 3 and D type of players. I am open to any trades as long as we get something good in return. I won't be always going for the quick fix. It's set us back at least a decade and a half. I will be building through the draft. And draft players that fit our needs\". Journalist#3 asked, \"What does Mrs. Snell bring to the table that other the candidates didn't?\". Steve Mills spoke. \"Her knowledge of the game of basketball. She believes in not over paying players that have disgusting contracts. she believes in finding players that have certain skills sets that will fit in with our current team\". Journalist #4 asked, \"Hi Steve. My question to you is will you be open to acquiring draft picks from other teams?\". \"Yes. Very\". Said Steve Mills. As the press conference was over Steve Mills and Scott Perry stood next to Sue Snell as she held the basketball in her hands. She gave a big smile as everyone took pictures. Carrie smiled at her wife while seeing her on TV. \"Go do your thing baby\". She said to herself.[Chapter 31] It's a beautiful summer day. The sun is shinning. The sky is blue. It's not that humid with a nice little breeze. Carrie and Sue get ready to go to the beach. They pack up some food and some drinks. They pack there things in the jeep and drive off. Carrie connects the iPhone wire to her phone and plays Dirty little secret by All American Rejects. After a 45 minute drive both ladies find themselves a good spot to sit and they eat there lunch. They take pictures of themselves making some silly faces. They take pictures of them kissing each other on the cheek and on the lips. They take one final picture of Sue squeezing Carrie's boob. \"I can't believe the semester is over. Finally! I really needed a break from school\". Said sue. \"I know. And even better...We both made honor roll!\". Carrie said. She smiled at Sue. \"We sure did\". Said Sue as she smiled back. Both of them shared a kiss on the lips again when some creepy dude takes a picture of them. \"Duuuuude. Kiss again! That was soooo hot!\". He said. \"Creep!\". Sue yelled. She ran after him as he ran away. \"Oh shit!\". He yelled. Sue followed him and shoved him in the water. She also threw his phone in the water too. \"Yo! My phone-fuck this water is cold!\". He snarled. Sue rolled his eyes at him. She sat back down next to Carrie as she laughed. \"Damn baby. You got a mean streak in you. I kinda like it\". Said carrie as she smirked. Sue laughed. \"That dude was creepy as hell. Ready to go in the water?\". Carrie nodded. \"Yeah\". Sue held Carrie's hand as they went into the beach water. They went swimming and would jump onto the waves. Carrie wrapped her legs around sue's waist and said, \"Baby. You're so sexy\". Sue kissed Carrie and said, \"You turn me on. I love you\". \"I love you too\". After the beach they took a shower and brought a change of clothes. Sue brought a shirt with blue short shorts. Carrie also brought a shirt and sweatpants. They then drove to get some ice cream at a local Baskin Robbins. They walked around Walmart and tried on clothes. They'd find an empty isles and make out for 10 minutes at a time. As soon as they got home they had sex for hours on end screaming each other's name. They both fell asleep in each other's arms just to have fun day after fun all summer long. they forgot about the fight they had that Sue thought Carrie would cheat. But she puhed away Rita desjardin because she loves Sue Snell so much. Forever and ever.[Chapter 32] \"I can't love you, Rita\". Carrie said quietly. \"You can't? Or won't?\". Rita asked. \"Both\". Said Carrie. Rita (Ms. Desjardin) held back tears. She put her head down and wiped her own eyes. \"So our spring together meant nothing to you?\". She asked again. \"Please don't say that. Of course it did. But Sue-\" \"Oh goodness! Don't even say her name to me!\". Rita snarled. Carrie sighed. \"I have plans. Plans after college and-\" \"Let me take a quick guess. I don't fit in those plans do I?\". Rita spat at Carrie. \"Can you let me finish talking?\". Carrie asked nicely. Rita rolled her eyes. \"Fine. Go ahead\". Carrie saw the eye roll but chose to ignore it. \"I want you in my plans. But I also can't have my cake and eat it too. Look, Rita. I love Sue. And I love yuo as well. This whole thing...It's just hard on me. And you have to understand my point of view\". Rita exhaled. \"I do understand. I just want to protect you. Can I ask you this? What makes Sue so special?\". Carrie took a minute to answer. She stumbled on how to answer the question. Because deep down she knew Sue wasn't really that special. Sue was just another woman. And that's all. \"I just need time\". Said Carrie. \"Okay\". Said Rita. A few weeks pass by. Carrie and Sue were arguing. \"You're SO full of shit!\". Carrie yelled. \"Go! Go be with her! Chris is better in bed anyway!\". Sue yelled. Carrie felt the rage and slapped Sue so hard Sue's face turned red. She ran out the door and drove to Rita's house. 'Please. Please be here'. Carrie thought to herself. Once Rita opened the door Carrie jumped on her and they started making out. \"Carrie-\" \"You're the one for me, Rita. I want you in my plans and in my future plans. Let's be a couple and-\" Rita smiled. \"I love you. I always have and I always will\". \"I love you so much\". Carrie said as she smiled at Rita. A/n: Carrie is 19 just graduating high school.[Chapter 33] \"I love being here with you\". Said Carrie. \"I love having you here\". Said Sue. \"We should make our relationship Facebook official\". Said Sue. \"Oh, I don't think that would be a good idea\". Said Carrie. \"Why not?\". She asked. \"People on Facebook are mean\". Carrie frowned. . Sue knew Carrie had a point. The big argument between Sue, Chris, and Lizzy had blown over. Lizzy felt so grossed out by Sue and Carrie's relationship. And chris...she's a nut case. (But I'll be sure to buy her a Snickers bar). So Sue said if they can't accept that she is dating Carrie White then...They aren't her real friends. \"I'll tell you what; I'll friend request the people who do accept us being together. And everyone else we can ignore. Sound good?\". Said Sue. \"I guess so. That sounds fair\". Said Carrie. Sue nodded. She then sent out the friend request to several people and within a couple days they all accepted. She went down to where it said \"Relationship status\", and clicked on it. She put Sue Snell is in a relationship with Carrie White. And within minutes everyone left a comment. They said things like, ' I'm so happy for you!'. And 'yaaaayy! Congrats! She is very pretty!'. They took a photo together and posted it on Sue's Facebook profile. Tommy Ross even said 'Both of my best friends looking fly! Congrats!'. And heather posted a smile and love emoji. Even Rita Desjardin posted two smiling emojis. Sue kept her Facebook profile of true friends short and sweet. She and Carrie smiled at those who are supportive. \"I love you so much!\". Sue cooed. \"I love you too!\". Carrie beamed. Both ladies started kissing and making out. \"Babe. Let's go buy that sweater you wanted\". Said Sue. \"The grey sweater with blue coloring?\". Carrie said. \"Yup. That one\". Said Sue. Carrie smiled. \"You're perfect. In every way\". Sue smiled. \"I'm not perfect baby. But thank you\". They shared a kiss and got into Sue's car. They drove to modells and just walked around. \"oh this is cute!'. Said Sue. She picked up the jacket and looked at the price. \"$99.99?! Damn!\". She snarled. Carrie giggled. \"Let's look in here. There's a ton of clothes on the Clarence section\". Sue went to try on a hat as Carrie went to pick out the sweater she wanted. Carrie took out $40 and paid for the sweater. Sue paid for the snapback hat she wanted. \"Oh Sue. You're the most beautiful woman I ever put my eyes on\". Said Carrie. Sue blushed. \"kiss me Carrie. You're a great kisser\". And with that they made out again and went home to play NBA live.[Chapter 34] \"You think you can defeat me in basketball?!\". Snarled Chris. \"Uh, yeah! Have you seen you muffin? I'd run through you!\". Alexi gritted. \"OH really?!\". Chris challenged. \"Mhm\". Alexi said as she nodded. \"Alright. Well, why don't we play a game of one vs one. Whoever scores 8 points not only wins...But will win Laura\". Alexi stuck her hand out. \"Deal\". Chris shook her hand and grinned at Alexi. Laura and maria sit in the front row along with Tyler, Kobe, Gus, Olivia, Sue, Carrie, Tommy, and heather, and Rita. A few minutes later everyone joined to see the basketball game. A coin was flipped so that means that Alexi has the ball first. She dribbles left and dribbles right. She fakes left and goes right straight to the basket and does a layup. 1 point. Alexi posts up on Chris backing her down with her back and her shoulder. Chris is struggling heavily to play defense. Alexi spins and as soon as Chris fouls her the ball spins and goes into the hoop. \"Dammit!\". Chris exclaimed. Alexi just smirks and looks at Chris. 2 points. She does a jab step move and runs to the basket blowing by Chris and makes another layup. 3 points. Alexi goes out to the 3 point line and attempts a 3 point shot but misses. Chris rebounds the ball and tries to do a fancy move but it fails as the ball slaps Chris on the face. \"OWWWWWW!\". Chris yells. She holds her face with one hand and dribbles with the other but Alexi steals the ball and brings it to the 3 point line. She makes a 3 pointer. 4 points. Alexi posts up again and does a fade away shot but hits the rim as Chris misses. But she almost scores a point as Alexi yells, \"Gimme that shit!\". And rebounds. She hits a mid range jump shot as it's all net. Swoosh!. 5 points. Chris rolls her eyes. Alexi hits another 3 pointer that hits the backboard but it goes in the net. 7 points. \"FUCK!\". Chris yelled. \"Hey Chris. Watch this!\". Says Alexi. She She nails a hook shot and it goes in the basket. Everyone cheers so loud and Laura runs on the basketball court to hug Alexi who is partially sweating. \"You did it baby!\". She says. She kisses Alexi over and over. The song 'Sweet Caroline' starts playing. And Chris stomps on her feet and walks away.[Chapter 35] A/n : Hi everyone :) I hope you all are doing well! I'm just gonna give a quick update. I'm still gonna be writing fan fiction but I also just wanna say thank you for all the views. And all the wonderful comments after each chapter. It really does mean a lot to me and I'm so happy that you all like my writing style and it makes me equally happy with the support from everyone including two of my best friends on here - James and Rory. I will still write new chapters for my Carrie fan fiction. I do work 2 jobs and there will be a few days before I post a new chapter. Also, I've started taking film classes because I'm working on a found footage / horror short film. I've always wanted to make a short film and I finally get the chance to do that. I'm gonna be taking film classes on .com. It's a education platform that as several , several of training, tutorials, and courses. It's at my local library which I can take for free. I'm excited to start this new chapter of my life :) When I started writing my Carrie fan fiction I was so nervous. But as time went on I've gotten some amazing feedback and I'm also very thankful for when I see a new comment :) You all are so awesome. And thank you so much do reading my fan fiction story. You all have changed my life in a good way. :) And thank you for giving me the chance to be your friend.[Chapter 36] A/n: Hi everyone! I hope you all are doing good :) Love you all. Sue Snell: She loves to hold Carrie in her arms. Every chance she gets she wants to keep Carrie safe and keep her warm so she's not cold. She loves to make Carrie feel loved. Sue wants to protect her from the bad things and give her good things. When her and Carrie make love it's full of passion. When they kiss it's very genuine and very soft. Sue loves to hold Carrie in her arms while Carrie is asleep. And when they face each other looking in each other's eyes...Sue tells Carrie she is the most beautiful woman she's laid eyes on. She calls Carrie her angel. And she'll never let go. Tommy Ross: One of Carrie's best friends. He's protective of her. He loves to tag along with his girlfriend Heather and go on double dates. Sometimes he picks up from college and they go get smoothies. Back in High School he wasn't the most mature. But he grew up and Carrie showed him what it's like to care about someone fully rather than have friends that are just acquaintances. Rather than friends who use him for his popularity. Carrie showed him that it's okay to be goofy and silly and not to put up a front. Erika and George Dawson: They're also Carrie's best friends. They check on her to make sure she is okay. And they celebrate with when Carrie made the deans list in college. They love Carrie so much as a best friend. Heather: She also grew up. She's no longer the mean girl. And all of that is because of Carrie white and Sue Snell. She began to be accepting of there relationship once she realized that love is love is love. Seeing Carrie happy makes her happy. She distanced herself from the other mean girls she used to be friends with. Alexis: She sings. She blew everyone away when she sang at prom night and dedicated a verse to her girlfriend with some lyrics that were rated R but everyone let it slide and they cheered her on and gave her a standing ovation.[Chapter 37] Authors note: Hey everyone! Whats going on? I'm back with nrw ideas for chapters. I've just been crazy busy with work, class and therapy. But dont worry. I'm gonna try to write 2 or 3 chapters per week. \"Alright class. Its the second to last day of high school for a lot of you. I am so proud of you. I'm proud to be your teacher. And if you need a friend my email is always open. Does anyone in this class wanna share a particular skill; Read a peom, sing, rap\". Said Mr. Rory Mckinnell. \"I-I wanna read a poem\". Said Carrie. Rory smiled. \"Okay Carrie. Whenever you're ready\". Carrie read a poem she wrote about her girlfriend Sue. \"Well done! Excellent poem!\". Said Rory. \"Anyone else?\". \"Me\". Said Frank. \"I wanna sing a song\". He got out of his seat and put on the music. \"This is a cover of the song 'Rewind' by Fetty wap. I dedicate thia song to Lizzy\". He begin to sing and the verse of the cover song got a little rated R. He sang \"I wanna lick you between your thighs baby. I wanna give it to you all night baby. Give you the way you like baby. Sex your body all night baby\". Lizzy turned red as an apple as she blushed hard. The whole class looked at him in shock but the teacher smiled.[Chapter 38] \"It's here\". Says Carrie as she grabs the mail. \"Here. You open it\". \"I have mine too. We can open it together\". Says Sue. \"Okay\". Carrie whispers. Carrie opens the letter and sees the words. Congratulations! You've been accepted into The University of Chicago. Carrie couldn't help but cry. \"I've...been accepted\". Sue smiled. \"Oh babe! That's so wonderful!\". She hugged Carrie so tight as Carrie hugged her back. \"Opens yours babe\". Said Carrie. Sue nodded and opened her letter. It said the same thing. \"We're going to the same college!\". Sue exclaimed. Carrie smiled. and held Sue's hands. Before Carrie can kiss her Sue said \"I was thinking about something last night. Well more like a surprise for you. Me, Rita, Erika, Tommy, Dawson, and Heather want you to move. To Chicago\". Carrie's eyes got wide. \"Chicago?!\". She said happily. \"Mhm! I also have a couple friends that live there too. My friend Rory who's a costume designer. And my friend Frank who plays for the Chicago Bulls\". \"Oh Sue! I-Let's all move to Chicago!\". Says Carrie. \"I'll tell my parents\". Said Sue. \"I'll call Rita\". Said Carrie. *Carrie on the phone* \"Rita! I got in! I'm going to the University of Chicago!\". Carrie yelled happily. \"Oh, sweetie! That's great! What's your major?\". Rita asked. \"Ooh we should all celebrate!\". Carrie smiled. \"Creative writing\". Says Carrie. \"Wow! You go girl! I'm so happy for you!\". Says Rita. *Sue on the phone* \"Yeah mom. Carrie and I are going to the same University! I'm majoring in Gender and sexuality studies\". (A/n: Yes both are real majors. I googled it lol). \"Oh, honey! That's so wonderful! I'm so proud of you and Carrie!\". Said her mom \"Where's dad?\". Sue asked. \"He's bringing home dinner from our favorite Italian food place\". \"Nice. I can't believe it, mom. We all are moving to Chicago\". \"I know. And I'm so happy for you. Take good care of each other\". Said Sue's mom. \"Oh I will. We're all going out to celebrate\". Said Sue. Chicago, here we come. Sue thought to herself.[Chapter 39] \"Hiii everyone! Sue Snell here. So my wife Carrie doesn't know this but I got her some new makeup even though she doesn't need it because she's still beautiful without it. Right now she's out at a basketball game. So when you see this Carrie this is all for you babe. I've gone to Walmart. CVS. As you see here I have all this make up wrapped up in presents. Babe I know I've screwed up and I'm gonna make it right again\". She looks into the camera as she tries to keep her tears relatively low. -At the basketball game- \"Lavine for 3...And it's good!\". The announcer yells. \"Yeeess!\". Carrie screams. And she whistles. -At there apartment- \"I'm about to make my wife her favorite dinner; Chicken Parmesan with spaghetti. A little salad and garlic bread. So we'll put the chicken cutlets in the eggs and put the bread crumbs on the chicken cutlets. Right now the water is boiling so when it really boils I'll put the spaghetti and stir it when the spaghetti gets soft. I also got her a Chicago Bears hat. Yes, my wife is a Bears fan. As am I. So, go Bears!\". Sue laughs as she is vlogging and cooking dinner. \"Okay so I have the salad. We got the lettuce. Cucumbers. Tomatoes. And a little Greek salad dressing\". She shows the salad to the camera. -At the basketball game- \"Oh! What a block by Wendell Carter Jr!\". The announcer yelled. \"OH! And another block oh my-Lavine with the steal and a slam dunk by Justin Holiday!\". Carrie jumped up and down as she screamed out of excitement. The crowd was so pleased with the defense from the Chicago bulls. The Bulls defeat the Houston Rockets 94-87 at a home game. Carrie checked her phone and decided to take an Uber to her and Sue's apartment. -At the apartment- \"And dinner is ready\". Sue said to herself. She got two plates and put two pieces of chicken Parmesan to her wife. Some spaghetti and one piece of garlic bread. She gave herself the same thing as well. She poured some selzter water in a cup with some ice for herself and for Carrie. She lit two tiny candles and played some music. \"Babe? I'm home!\". Carrie yelled but not too loud. \"In here!\". Said sue. Carrie walks in the dinning room as she smiled at her wife and she smiled at the dinner she made. \"B-babe? You cooked this?\". Carrie stumbled on her own words. \"Yeah. I did this for you\". Said sue. \"Wow! Babe-\" Sue cut Carrie off. \"Just a minute babe. Look I wanna apologize. I do love you. A lot. With all my heart. And I know you're still hurt. And I'm so so sorry for hurting you. I'm scared that I won't be enough for you. I'm scared that you'll find someone and that you'll kiss her and it'll be butterflies and love at first sight. That's my fear. That I won't love you the way you should be loved\". \"Sue. You're good enough for me. You're more than enough. I love you. And when we got married I knew you I want to spend my life with you. When we first dated I knew you were special. I don't want you to have to feel scared that you'll lose me. Because wherever you go I'll be there with you. I love you sugar. So much\". Carrie said softly. \"And thank you for cooking me this lovely dinner. It looks delicious\". Sue wiped the tears from her eyes and smiled. \"Anytime. I also have presents for you. But let's eat first\". After they ate dinner they sat in the living room and Carrie opened her presents. \"Oh my gosh! Baaabe! Thank thank you!\". Carrie hugged Sue so tight and she kissed her several times. Sue giggled. \"Anything for you babe. I love you\". Carrie smiled. \"I love you too\".[Chapter 40] A/n: What's going on everyone! My apologies for not writing any new chapters. But not to worry. I'm going to be writing new chapters with new ideas. Sue Snell adjusts the camera and smiles. \"What's up everyone! Susan Snell here! So i'm just waiting for my wife Carrie to get back from class. She sent me a text saying she's taking an Uber home. So today we're going to meet with our friends for our first ever friends-giving. We're meeting Karin, Skylar, and Bryan. All of us are going to our friend's basketball game then to get some dinner. We're going to this restaurant that has a bar and karaoke. Oh and it's also Alexis' birthday. We're gonna take him out for his birthday. So...It should be fun!\". Carrie texts Sue Snell that says Hey babe. You ready? She texts back as she smiles. Yes! I'm hyped! \"Alright everyone. I'm gonna bring my phone with me and let's go watch some awesome basketball!\". Sue Snell says excitedly. *At the game* \"Damn these seats are amazing!\". Carrie beams. \"I know right?!\". Sue Snell says. They meet up with Skylar, Karin, and Bryan. \"Hey guys!\". Carrie waves at them. \"What's up?!\". Karin and Skylar say in unison. \"Yoooo!\". Says Bryan. They each eat there food as they watch the game here in Chicago. *Late in the 4th quarter* \"So here we all are at the game. Like holy shit! Our friend Alexis just scored 30 points. I mean, he's hitting almost every shot he attempts in this game. Like damn!\". Says Sue Snell. \"Smile at the camera babe\". Sue Snell says to Carrie. Carrie waves and smiles. \"Hi\". She says quietly. \"Say what's up to the camera everyone!\". Says Sue Snell. \"Oh, oh! Hahaha he's dancing. The shimmey dance! Ayyeeee\". \"30 points!\". The announcer yells. Alexis scores another 8 points too. \"38 points! How on earth can the Phoenix Suns stop this man from scoring!?\". The other NBA announcer yells. \"Oh and we're also meeting our friend Ebbie, Kim, Marg, Fred, Tommy, Heather, James Reed, George Dawson, Erica, and our other friend named Sue. They're meeting us for dinner at a place called Jonathan's restaurant \". After the game is over Alexis takes a shower at his apartment and gets ready to pick his friend Rory up to meet everyone for dinner. \"Yooo! Lex!\". Says Rory. \"What up!\". Says Lex. \"You played a great game tonight. I'm not big on sports but damn...That was one hell of a performance you put on!\". Says Rory as he smiled. \"Thanks bro! I'm happy you enjoyed the game\". Says Lex as he smiles. *At the restaurant* \"Ayyyyyeee!\". Everyone yells. Lex smiles. \"Hey hey!\". \"Lex my man! Over here!\". Says Tommy. \"Sit next to meeeee\". Lex laughs. \"No need to tell me twice man haha\". Lex sits next to Tommy. \"Thank you all for inviting me out to friends giving with you all. You all are the best. Wonderful people with bug hearts and so much love to give. Thank you all for being here for me and for all you do. Happy friends giving everyone! Cheers!\". Says Lex. \"CHEERSSS!\". Everyone yells. Everyone ordered Italian food and ate there food as the owner of the restaurant played a random movie while a musician played piano. After they ate and put in a good tip they go to best buy and decide to go shopping. \"What do you want for your birthday Lex?\". Rory asks. \"I don't know. Probably another ipad. And Video games\". Says Lex. \"There you are! Mr. MVP!\". James says as he chuckles. I heard the game on ESPN radio\". He says. James works for the IT department at Best buy. \"Haha awesome! Hey where do you sell Ipads?\". Lex asks his buddy James. \"I'll show you. What kind of Ipad do you want to buy?\". James asks. \"Just one with lots of storage for games and apps\". Says Lex. \"This Ipad has 64 GB. You can fit it in your back pack. Has good wifi too\". Says James. \"I'll take it\". Says Lex. After everyone says there goodbyes for the night Carrie and sue head home and put a movie on Netflix. \"Had fun tonight?\". Sue Snell asks her wife. Carrie nodded and smiled. \"I sure did! I love you\". \"Love you too\".[Chapter 41] The first time they said they love you Tommy ross: It was the last day of High School. Everyone was a few days away from graduating. Tommy was the first friend you made during your junior year of High School. You got his a number a week later and you and him became best friends right away. You knew he dated Sue Snell but she was going to Marquette University. So they decided to stay good friends. You have a HUGE crush on him and you felt yourself smiling When you saw him. Finding the words to tell Tommy Ross you're in love with him was so difficult. You were reading on your phone when Tommy's friend, George Dawson called on you. \"We've never heard you sing\". George says. \"You want me to sing?\". You asked. \"Yeah. Let's hear it\". Says Tommy. You nodded and stood in front of Tommy's closest friends and you began to sing. You sang the first two lines of the third verse of 'Gone' by Justin Timberlake. And sang the chrous as you sung with emotion and passion hitting every high pitched note as you looked at Tommy. They all realized you've fallen in love with Tommy Ross. \"I'm sorry\". You whispered as you ran away. \"Wait!\". He says as he walks after you. You had nowhere to hid so you froze in place sitting somewhere. \"Tommy I-\" \"Did you sing that about me?\". He asks softly. \"Yeah\". You said quietly. \"That was truly nice of you. Good song choice as well\". He compliments you. You smiled. \"Thank you. I meant every word\". \"I have a crush on you. I've had a crush on you for quite a while\". Says Tommy. You couldn't believe what he said. \"R-r-really?\". You stuttered. \"Yeah\". He smiled at you. He reaches for your hand and holds it. \"I was kind of wondering if you're sing if you wanna be my-\". \"I'd love to!\". You said. He kisses you softly as you kiss back. You and Tommy Ross are officially a couple. \"I love you\". Tommy says lovingly. \"I love you too babe\". You said. Susan Snell: She hid your birthday presents where only she could find them. You didn't know what she bought you but you had a feeling it's gonna be awesome. You were done going bike riding as you were all sweaty. All your favorite songs still blasting in your head phones and you were trying to find where she was. After a couple mimutes of trying to find where Sue Snell is, you decided to take a shower and get a change of clothes. She was busy getting ready to go out to dinner. She put your presents in the car in the trunk. You picked the place so you decided on a pizza restaurant. You sit in the living watching a random YouTube video as she sees you and smiles. \"Hi my love\". She says. \"Hey my butter cup\". You said. \"Ready?\". Susan snell says. You nod. *At the pizza restaurant* You got chicken parm with spaghetti and she got eggplant parmesan. You and her were having a conversation about different things. She giggled as you had some sauce on your chin. You laughed too and wiped it off. \"Thank you for doing this for me\". You said to her. \"Anything for you babe. I love you with all my heart\". Said Sue Snell. You blushed hard. As red as the sauce. \"I love you so much\". She blew a kiss to you and said, \"I'm gonna get your presents from the car\". \"Okay babe\". Yoy said. A few minutes later she has two bags for you. She put them behind you and said \"Happy birthday!\". \"Aww! Babe! Thanks!\". You said as you smiled. You opened it and saw she got you two sweaters; One Marquette University sweater. And one Clemson University sweater. \"I love this! Thank you!\" \"You welcome!\". She said as she saw you smile at her. Carrie white: It was your day of graduating from vocational school. You were so excited as you worked so hard for this. They called you up to the stage as you held your certification. You saw your relatives and Carrie. \"Woo hooooo!\". She yelled. She whistled for you as she smiled and became so proud of you. Aftet the graduation ceremony is over you run to everyone and yelled \"I graduated!\". You jumped on Carrie into her arms and you kissed your girlfriend. \"I love you\". Says Carrie. \"I love you too\". You said.[Chapter 42] Things they do that you love Tommy Ross: You love when he calls you babe. You love when he wears any of your sports jerseys. And you love when he lets you wear his varsity Jacket. But even better when tells you, you look great with his clothes on. Susan Snell: You love when she glares at other people in a mean way when others make fun of you. When you wear her hair tie around your wrist. You love when she holds her in her strong arms. And when she whispers how beautiful you are when you're asleep. But you pretend to sleep so you can hear her voice that you love. Carrie white: You love it when she takes care of when you have a cold. You love it when she protects you from when you have nightmares. You also love it when she kisses your nose. And can't help but giggle when she kisses your jaw.[Chapter 43] The first time you held there hands Tommy Ross: You were having bad anxiety when it comes to public speaking. You were breathing slowly as he held you in his arms. \"You're going to do fine\". He says. \"Are you sure?\". You asked him. \"Yeah. You know where you wanna take this Chicago Bulls team and I know you'll do an amazing job. So try to relax babe\". Says Tommy. You looked at him and smiled. \"Thank you,. You didnt realize it but he started to hold your hands, tangling your fingers with his. Susan Snell: You were having your first concert. You were slightly nervous but you were also excited. The love of your life is going to be there as well; Susan Snell. You rehearsed your dance moves in your room and you were ready to perform. You wrote your own lyrics to the song 'Flirt right back' which is a song by Blackbesr. You said a quick prayer and went on stage. After the song, Susan Snell walked on the stage and held your hands as she kissed. The whole place went crazy. Carrie white: \"Are you sure you're comfortable with this?\". Carrie asked you. \"I think so\". You said. \"You know we don't have to do anything affectionate if you don't want to\". Says Carrie. \"I know babe. But I want to. And if anyone gives is dirty looks I'll throw a bowling ball at them,. You said while chuckling. Carrie giggled. She held your hand as you and her went walking around the mall.[Chapter 44] \"Please open up\". Sue Snell said softly. \"No! Go AWAY!\". Carrie squalled. \"Carrie, please. I'm sorry\". Said Sue Snell. \"No you're not\". Said Carrie. \"I'm very very sorry. Her and I were just a one time thing\". Said Sue Snell trying to convince Carrie other wise. \"Was it?!\". Carrie yelled from the other side of the door. \"Yes!\". Said Sue Snell. \"Oh wow. Wow wow wow. That helps me understand SO much!\". Carrie yelled sarcastically. Sue Snell sighed. \"Babe\". She cried out softly. Carrie couldn't control her crying. \"S-Sue Snell...W-why would you do this to me?\". \"I don't know babe! I don't know what I was thinking. I guess I wasn't thinking\". Said Sue Snell. \"Please babe. Open up\". She slouched down against the door and leaned her head back. Carrie sniffed and finally opened the door. \"I'm gonna let it slide this one time because you were drunk\". Said Carrie. She nodded and attacked Carrie with lots of kisses. \"Thank you\".[Chapter 45] Carrie white was dreaming. Or at least she felt like she was. But only she wasn't. She felt like she woke up and felt amazed. \"You mean you want to...\" She said. \"Yes\". Captain Marvel nodded as she smiled. \"I-I-I-I-I...Are you sure you wanna?\". Carrie asked as she felt rather speechless. \"Yes. We're more than sure\". Said Clark Kent. He smiled as well. And so did Louis Lane. \"I mean I have-and - and and - all this other stuff and - you know\". Said Carrie. \"We know. You're very special. And we mean that. All of us mean that\". Said Clark Kent. Carrie smiled. \"But who will look after me and- and where-\" \"Don't worry. Some weeks you'll stay with Louis and I. Other weeks even holidays you'll stay with Peter and Mary Jane Watson. So you'll be here. In New York City\". Said Clark. \"What about The Flash and Super girl? And Wonder Woman?\". Carrie asked. \"During Thanksgiving holiday you can spend with whoever you want. The Flash and Super girl live in Green Bay. Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel live in Chicago. So you can spend Christmas with them if you want. Batman also lives near us In New York city too\". Said Clark. \"Okay\". Said Carrie. \"I-I'll sign\". \"Yeah?\". Clark asked. Mhm\". Said Carrie. She smiled at all her super hero friends. \"We will all protect you. If a man looks at you the wrong way I will smash him with this mighty Thor hammer of mine!\". Thor said. \"What are you waiting for, kid? We will always have your back as you've always had ours\". Said Tony Stark. He smiled politely. \"And if a man cusses at you he will meet this shield that I have\". Said Steve Rodgers. Carrie Blushed as soon as Gwen Stacy wrapped her arms around Carrie. She signed them. Adoption papers \"Welcome to the Marvel and DC family, Carrie\". Said Clark.[Chapter 46] \"I really like you, you know\". Says Carol Danvers (Aka Captain Marvel). \"Really?\". Carrie asks. \"Yes. I've liked you since when we went for coffee for our first date\". Says Carol. \"I, uh, I don't know what to say. I like you a lot too\". Says Carrie. \"Really?!\". Carol beamed. Carrie nodded. \"So come to Chicago to live with me\". Says Carol. \"You sure?\". She asked. \"More than sure. Le's get you away from that Sue Snell girl\". Carol gave Carrie a hug. \"Okay\". Carrie whispers.[Chapter 47] \"You're really mean and I hate you!\". Carrie yelled. \"Good! I LOVE being mean!\". Said Susan Snell feeling not phased by what Carrie said. Carrie walked away and slammed the door. Susan Snell rolled her eyes and began working on her home work. \"Fucking drama queen\". She mumbled to herself. Carrie pulled the covers to herself and cried harder than she ever did. She couldn't control her sobbing any longer. And hour passed by and Susan Snell wondered why she hasn't seen Carrie. It wasn't til later on she felt so bad about what she said to Carrie. \"Dammit Snell. Look at what you did this time\". She said to herself again. She walked to their bedroom and knocked on the door. \"Carrie? You okay in there?\". She asked. \"Wh-what do you want?!\". Carrie yelled. She was still crying. \"Carrie\". Said Susan. She walked closer to Carrie. \"I'm-\" \"Ugh!\". Carrie used her powers to throw a pillow at her girlfriend. \"ow! Okay, hey, that's fair to throw something at me. I just wanted to-ow!\". Carrie threw another pillow at Susan. \"I seriously hate you!\". Carrie growled. Damn. Susan Snell felt those words stinging at her heart. \"You're right. I think I do need to see a therapist about how nasty of a person I am. And to you. All you ever wanted was for me to appreciate you and love you. And all I ever did was treat my wife like pure shit. I'm sorry, Carrie. What can I do so you'll forgive me?\". She said. \"I just want you to be a nicer person. Be a better person. Don't call me names. You know, don't call me a freak when I hallucinate. I can't control that. Don't degrade me, don't disrespect me and don't push me\". Said Carrie. \"Okay babe. I promise. I promise I'll try to be better\". Carrie nodded and gave Susan a hug.[Chapter 48] \"N-no. Stop\". Carrie whined in her sleep. \"I don't wanna go with you\". She cried softly in her sleep. \"There she is! Hey! Why didn't you help me you little shit!\". The man yelled at her. He seemed intimidating to Carrie. She saw him and immediately felt scared. \"I-I-I I'm sorry! I didn't have-\" The man and his brother started walking to me as they are ready to fight her. The man yelled, \"After all I've helped you with?! After all the times I've been there for you and you've let me rot for this long! I should kill you, you stupid fucking-\" Then someone appears. So tall. So strong. And mighty. Very mighty. \"Hey. What's happening over here?\". She asked. She stared at both men. \"And you are?\". The man asked with a piss poor attitude. \"I'm Carol. Carol Danvers. You're bothering my friend. I'm asking you just this one time; Leave her alone. And walk away while you both are still standing\". She said gently putting Carrie behind her. \"I don't give a fuck who you are! I'm her father. And she's coming with me!\". The man yelled as he grinned at Carrie. \"Sir. This is the last time I'm warning you\". Said Carol. \"D-don't let me go with him! He hurt me, he's scary!\". Carrie cried. \"It's okay. They won't go near you. I'll take care of them\". Carol said to Carrie. \"Carrie! Get your fat ass over here! NOW!\". He yelled. \"Okay. You've asked for it\". Carol whispered. She transformed into her captain marvel outfit and took on both men. she beat them up and sent them running away. \"C-Carol. You're my hero!\". Carrie cooed. She gave captain marvel a hug as she held Carrie in her arms. As long as I'm here I'm going to protect you\". Said captain marvel. She kissed Carrie on the forehead as they walked home together not far from where they are.[Chapter 49] Carrie couldn't sleep. No matter what she did nothing seemed to work. Like at all. She tried reading some of her comic books. She tried playing video games. She tried walking in a loop around her room while listening to music. She felt so frustrated. She was doing it again - hallucinating. She saw that in this hallucination she was in a room. In a recording studio trying to sing a song. She was having a hard time writing some lyrics. \"Fuck\". She whispered to herself. \"I keep messing up. I can't seem to write anything\". She whispered to herself again. She felt herself seeing the woman she loves and some guy starting to have sex with each other. She saw Carol Danvers (Aka captain marvel) in bed. On her back smiling while he kisses down her stomach. By the time he was done kissing her stomach he started to caress her thighs as he kissed them. He worked his way back up as they looked in each other's eyes. \"I love you\". Carol says to him. \"I love you too\". He says to her. \"Make love to me\". Says Carol. He nods and they start making out. Carrie closed her eyes trying not to see what's happening in front of her. She put her hand over her eyes as she sees something else. Her defeating Carol Danvers in a game of basketball. 18-0 was the final score. She smiled briefly. She looked to her right as she saw herself cuddling with captain marvel. Sleeping safely in her arms. She looked straight and saw captain marvel on top of him. She was panting, breathing heavy. Softly moaning as she was riding him. He put his hands on her thighs and on her booty. He just looked at her concentrating on her body and sexual movements. She got off the bed and stood in front of the microphone. Carrie began to sing as captain marvel and some dude were still having sex til 2 in the morning. I'm dangerously in love with you I'll never leave Just keep loving me the way you love you're loving me When the chorus after she sang the third verse she sang to captain marvel with all her soul, passion, and love. (I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you) (I cannot do anything without you in my life) Holding me Kissing me loving me Dangerously Carrie walked out the recording studio after the song was finished. She woke up and realized it was a dream. And that's all it is. A dream about her falling in love with a fictional character. Just feelings. Seeing captain marvel sleeping while Carrie is still in carol's arms. Only Carrie can see her. No one else can. \"I love you\". Carrie says to Carol. Carrie gets out the bed and starts her day.[Chapter 50] Carrie's pov (Point of view) My wife and I have been fighting. I haven't been responding to Sue's text messages or phone calls. I hate that her and I have been fighting. I miss the days where her and I went on romantic dates. We'd cuddle for hours and go shopping together. I don't know what happened to her or why she got so nasty all of a sudden. I want to talk to her but I'm not sure where to start. I guess we'll have to see what happens. -No one's pov- \"Babe. Can we talk?\". Sue asks. \"You don't have my permission to call me babe\". Carrie said coldly. \"But yes, go ahead and talk\". Sue frowned. \"Things between us haven't been all that great. And I know I'm responsible for why we've been fighting so much. All you ever wanted to do was try to help me and all I did was treat you like shit. All you wanted to do is care about me and love me but-but...\"Sue blinked and felt tears coming down her eyes. Carrie's angry expression turned from bitterness to a soft sympathetic look. \"Susan. Why are you crying?\". Carrie asked. Susan Snell sniffled and wiped the tears from her eyes. \"Hmm? Why are you crying?\". Carrie said softly. \"I have so much issues I haven't dealt with\". Susan said while still crying. \"I'm scared th-that..I-I I'm not enough for you. Like you might find someone else and kiss her and butterflies on the first kiss\". \"Is that what this is about?\". Carrie asked feeling shocked. Susan nodded. \"When we started dating I knew I fell in love with you. And when we got married It's my job to be here for you and talk things out when we hit a rough patch. Yes, you should definitely treat me like you love me and not like you hate me. And no, I shouldn't have ignored you like I did. But you hurt me. You've made me cry. And I can't let that slide\". Said Carrie. \"I know. And I want to make it up to you. Whatever you want we can do\". Said Susan. \"It's not that simple. You're going to have to really work at being nicer to me. Sweetheart, you're not the same person you were when we were in high school. You can be better than that and I know you are\". Said Carrie. Susan put her head down. She expected Carrie to yell at her, to scream at her but instead it was what she needed; a heart to heart conversation. \"Can I take you out at least? I'm willing to start from scratch\". Said Susan. Carrie smiled. \"Yeah. sure. And of course we'll end this conversation with a hug\". As soon as Carrie hugged Susan she broke down crying hard. \"I'm sorry, Carrie. So so sorry. I want to make it work\". Said Susan. \"It's okay babe. We'll get through it. I will never give up on you and I will never leave you. I just want to see the Susan Snell I fell in love with\". Said Carrie. Susan smiled. \"Let's go out to dinner. My treat\".[Chapter 51] I'll tell her \"I love you\" everyday I'll come home with chocolates and a bouquet We'll get through the hard times, we'll never fray Susan Snell was driving home from work. She made sure to pick up chocolates, pizza, and Lillys for Carrie. She wanted to surprise her with something special. Carrie made the dean's list at the University of Chicago. Susan Snell smiled as soon as she saw she made the dean's list as well. Carrie was driving home too from shopping. She bought her wife a Montreal Expos hat and a Charles Dickens poetry book. She was the first to arrive at there apartment. She grabbed both bags and locked the car. She unlocked the door to there apartment and wrapped the book and the hat in gift wrapping paper to surprise her wife. \"All good to go\". Carrie said to herself as she smiled. She heard the door unlocking and saw Susan Snell with a box of pizza and the chocolates on the pizza box. She also saw a bag too. \"Need help?\". Carrie asked. \"I got it\". Said Susan. \"And congrats baby for making the dean's list!\". She smiled. \"Congrats to you as well! let's celebrate!\". Carrie beamed happily. They each take two slices of pizza and some soda and ate while they watched the baseball game on tv. \"I have something for you\". Said Carrie. \"Oh yeah? What's that?\". Susan asked. Carrie gave Susan both wrapped presents. Susan opened them and gasped. \"Wow! Thanks pudding! This is really great. Thank you!\". They both kissed and Susan gave Carrie a present. \"I know you were crying when you lost your shirt, so I bought you a new one\". Susan smiled. Carrie unfolded it and she saw it and smiled huge. \"A captain America shirt!\". Carrie jumped on Susan Snell's lap and they kissed and kissed. \"Thank you\". Said Carrie. \"No, baby. Thank YOU. For sticking with me through everything. For loving me\". Said Susan. Carrie kissed Susan again. \"You're amazing. And I love you\". \"I love you too\". Both Carrie and Susan watched Avengers: Infinty war and ate chocolate.[Chapter 52] \"Babe!\". Carrie called loudly. \"Check this out!\". Carrie was setting up the dinner table. Susan was in the kitchen cooking dinner. \"Cooking right now honey. What's up?\". She said loudly but softly. \"They're about to win the world series\". Said Carrie. \"Who?\". Susan asked. \"The Boston Red Sox\". Carrie Said. She was multi tasking. Pouring the seltzer water in both cups. \"And the pitch...STRIKE 3! The Red Sox are the 2019 champions!\". The announcer yelled. \"YESSSS!\". Carrie squealed out of excitement. She jumped up and down and ran again, jumping into her wife's arms. Susan giggled as they kissed each other passionately. \"Good game?\". Susan asked. \"Yeah. The Red Sox offense was clicking. Everyone in that lineup was hitting. The Yankees pitchers had no idea on how to stop the Red sox from hitting everything the Yankees threw at them\". Carrie was talking really fast. Really, really faaaast. \"Babe. Babe. Slowww dooown. Take a breather for a couple minutes\". Susan Snell said as she smiled lovingly at Carrie. \"Sorry! I'm just sooooo excited!\" Carrie said. \"Man, I should have never given you that caramel iced coffee\". Susan said jokingly. \"And besides, you've had enough sugar I think\". Carrie laughed. \"Let's eat dinner\".[Chapter 53] Disclaimer: I do not own marvel. I do not own the characters from carrie. Except for my original character alexis. \"We just couldn't do it, Carrie\". Said Doctor Strange. \"Once he snapped his fingers...it was over\". Thor said. \"Damn. And y'all had him on his knees too\". Said Carrie. She sat next to Captain America. \"We did. And the reason we called you here is because We need to defeat thanos. We NEED to make that son of a bitch pay. He took our friends from us\". Said Tony Stark. \"Don't worry. I'll help you. My friend Alexis is talking to Thanos right now\". Said Carrie. \"Why? She has no super powers\". Said Bruce Wayne. \"Trust me. Alexis...she's a bad ass\". Said Carrie. She smiled. Susan Snell and Tommy Ross smiled as well. \"Okay. If you say so. I guess I'll take your word for it\". Said Tony Stark. -in the other room- \"You know what i want, Thanos\". Said Alexis. Thanos chuckled. \"I'd never take an offet like that. That's silly\". \"Eh i dont think it is. You see, Thanos I'm gonna crush you. Im gonna stomp on you. I'm gonna stomp on your heart as much as i can. You'll accept my offer because i said so\". Said Alexis. \"If i win...i keep the infinity stones. And wipe out all of the population. And if you win...i give back the infinity stones and bring back all of the population and their planets. That sounds about right, right?.\" Said Thanos. \"Yeah\". Thanos smiled briefly. \"You got it. I'll meet you there at the basketball gym in a few minutes\". \"Perfect. Oh and thanos?\". Asked Alexis. \"Yes?\". Said Thanos. \"I'm gonna kick your ass. Just so you know, you're fucked\". Said Alexis. Thanos ignored her comment. -Alexis is walking to where her friends are sitting- \"Hey\". Said Alexis. \"What'd he say?\". Bruce Banner asked. \"He agreed\". Alexis grinned. \"H-h-h-he did?\". Tony stark asked feeling really surprised. Alexis nodded. \"But Thanos is 8 feel tall!\". Bruce exclaimed. \"Bruce, let me educate on something. Guys who are that tall and have muscles aren't very agile. That's A. And B.) He has zero cardio\". Bruce nodded. \"Hmm. I didn't think of that. Good observation\". He smiled. \"Guys that size have weak knees anyway\". Said Natasha Romanoff. \"Yep. Im going for the knees obviously\". Said Alexis. \"Okay. Its just about game time\". \"Good luck\". Said Captain America. \"Kick the shit out of him for us and everyone\". Said Rocket. Alexis nodded. Everyone else followed her and they all sat on the seats. She looked at them and nodded. Thanos stood over her and took off her gauntlet gloves. He cracked his back and said \"Little one. You will not win. I am Thanos and I will Destroy you\". Alexis then chuckled and said \"Since I'm a lady I believe I'll get the ball first\". Thanos handed her thr basketball. He did his best to bend his knees and she began to dribble. \"Come on little girl! Come on!\". Thanos growled out of anger. \"Oh, don't worry. The fight is coming to you\". Alexis mumbled. She then ran and charged at him but Thanos was slow on his feet and couldn't catch up to her. She put the ball in the basket and did a lay up. 1 point for Alexis. None for Thanos. \"Shit\". Said Thanos. \"I got the first point\". Said Alexis. She dribbled the basketball again and forced Thanos to try and play defense. She hit a three point shot in his face that was contested and she made it in. \"You're down 2-0 Thanos. Seems like the big bad man cant run\". She taunted him. \"Shut up! I CAN run!\". He screamed foaming out of his mouth with foam and drool. \"Game point. Hey Thanos? Look at this\". She said. She ran to him backing him down with her shoulders. Thanos was struggling so bad he was running out of breath. \"I...can't...\" He heaved. She ran back to the three point line and made the shot. All net! \"I win\". She said. All her friends stood up and cheered. They poured champagne on Alexis and hugged her all at once. Thanos gave Tony Stark the infinity stones as he brought everyone out of the ashes bringing them to life and reviving the planets. Star lord hugged Kimora. Rocket gave baby groot a hug. Tony hugged Spider-Man. And vision kissed Scarlett Witch. \"You did it! Good job!\". Said Natasha Romanoff. Alexis smiled. \"No one messes with my friends. I love you\". \"I love you too\". Said Natasha.[Chapter 54] Carrie felt herself getting angry. She felt really tired emotionally. All she wanted was for her wife's friends to give her a chance to like her. But every chance they get they poke fun at Carrie. They'd say things like \"She's weird\". Or \"She's awkward\". And even things like \"She's creepy\". Carrie has heard the words \"I'm sorry\" so many times that those words are so useless now to her. Carrie doesn't get it. She's nice to everyone. She's respectful. But no matter how much she tries she always feels left out. The odd person out. The lady that Sue's friends barely tolerate. And Carrie has had enough. She felt the tears going down her cheeks. All this anger, rejection, and hurt. Carrie isn't the type to hold a grudge but she feels like holding a grudge to her wife's friends. She collected her thoughts and washed her face to clean herself up. Carrie drove to the diner - karaoke place to see her wife and her friends eating dinner and laughing. Sue told her she wants her me time to go shopping and to walk around. Carrie gripped the steering wheel and screamed \"Mother fucker!\". In her car. She slammed the door and opened the door the diner - karaoke restaurant. \"Hey babe\". Sue smiled. \"Don't fucking 'hey babe' me! Is this what you went to do?! Talk shit about me to your friends, so your stupid ass friends can laugh at me?!\". Carrie yelled. \"Babe. J-j-j-just calm down. Okay? Just-\" \"I won't calm down!\". Carrie turned her attention to her wife's friends. \"You ladies are the definition of trash! How DARE you laugh at someone for being how they are! How DARE YOU laugh at someone for being who they are! You ladies need to check yourselves because you NOT even close to perfect. Do you feel better about yourselves to laugh at me? Does it?!\". Carrie shouted. All of Sue's friends said nothing. They got so quiet. Carrie got on stage and sang 'You don't know me' by liz gillies. After the song was done they all apologized.[Chapter 55] Tommy Ross smiled at his girlfriend. This is his day. The day he graduates college. She was still getting ready just applying her make up on. He put on a nice suit and a nice pair of dress shoes. He put on his cap and gown and said \"Babe you ready?\". Heather put her make up away and put on her heals. \"Yeah\". She said. She walked out of the bathroom and smiled at her boyfriend. She whistled at him. \"Look at yooouuuuu. Looking all handsome!\". She giggled as she kissed him. He laughed and gave her a hug as he kissed her back. \"I'm so proud of you, babe\". Said Heather. \"Thank you. I appreciate that a lot. I can't wait to see Carrie and Sue\". -At the dress store- \"Woooooooow. Green is definitely your color babe. Mama miaaaaa\". Said Sue. Carrie laughed. \"I was thinking this denim jacket with this dress\". Said Carrie. \"That's a cute outfit\". Said Sue. \"Plus green matches with Blue\". \"Yeah. You have good taste in fashion babe\". Said Carrie. \"Why thank you. Do you come here often at all?\". Sue flirted with Carrie. \"Eh kinda. But I'm married, so...yeah\". Said Carrie. Sue pretended to be hurt but she giggled. They made out for a few minutes until everyone started to stare. \"I'm gonna buy this pink dress. And this black denim jacket\". Said Sue. \"Okay my love. I'll pay for us\". Said Carrie. \"I don't know what I'd do without you. You're so perfect\". said Sue as she held Carrie in her arms. \"And you're the most beautiful woman in the world\". Carrie whispered. -At Tommy's graduation- \"Tommy Ross\". The guy called out on stage. Tommy's family and close friends all clapped for him. \"Tommyyyyyy!\". George Dawson yelled happily\". Tommy laughed and held up his college degree. After everyone got their degrees Tommy ran to where everyone is and gave his girlfriend a big hug. \"I did it! I graduated!\". He yelled out of excitement. \"Tommy! Hey! Congratulations!\". Said Carrie. \"Hey Carrie. Sue Snell!\". He said. \"Heeey! Congrats my good friend!\". Tommy's parents took Tommy out for lunch. Heather graduated a few weeks later too.[Chapter 56] It was a few days before Christmas. Sue Snell was going shopping and thinking of what to get Carrie for Christmas. Their family came over later that day as everyone sat down and watched TV. Or watched movies on Netflix. It was December22, 2019. Three days before Christmas and Carrie's excitement was brewing with happiness each day as she counted down the days to Christmas. Carrie already bought her wife a couple of Christmas presents. She wrapped them and put Sue's name on the presents. She placed them under the Christmas tree and helped decorated the tree with ornaments and Christmas lights. Carrie even bought her wife a Christmas card and put chocolates in her stocking as well. Sue Snell went inside the Lids store at the local mall and bought two hats for Carrie. She also bought her a Harry Potter varsity jacket from Hot Topic. She smiled thinking about how happy Carrie will be and how beautiful she'll look. -1 day til Christmas- Carrie was getting dressed. She put on a hoodie and jeans with low top converse shoes. Sue Snell put on a dress with leggings and a jacket. They drove to Sue's mom's house while they were singing horribly but it didn't matter. It's time like these where Sue Snell and her wife make happy memories. She smiled so lovingly at Sue. She pecked her on her cheek as they held hands. When they arrived at the house everyone said \"Heeeyyyy!\" And said things like \"You both look so beautiful!\". They spent the day just relaxing and being with family. Talking about how things at work are going. The time flew by so fast as they gave each other gifts for secret Santa. Sue's mom was Carrie's secret Santa. She gave Carrie an Ipad charger which she really needed. And Carrie gave Sue's mom a Michael Kors purse. After Sue made sure to help Carrie leave cookies and milk for Santa that Carrie made she placed them on the kitchen counter. Everyone went to bed as Sue and Carrie cuddles for hours. Soon after Sue fell asleep wrapping her arms around Carrie, she played Madden mobile on her phone and won the game. She played the Cincinnati Bengals she played as the New York Giants. She charged her phone and went to bed. -Christmas morning- Everyone woke up around 10:30am Carrie was still sleeping. No snow on Christmas but it was nice outside. Not too chilly but not too cold. Everyone waited for her to wake up on this beautiful Christmas morning. She finally woke up at 11:15am and brushed her teeth and took a shower. She changed out of her pajamas and into some comfortable clothes. \"Hey\". She said. \"Merry Christmas babe!\". Said Sue. \"Thank you! I'll get you your presents baby. Hold on\". Carrie placed her presents on the table and gave Sue her presents. \"For you my love. Merry Christmas\". Said Carrie. They kissed and everyone opened their presents. Sue got a Tommy Hilfigure hoodie, a Christmas card and a cute makeup set as well as a couple of Marvel T-shirts. Carrie opened her presents and gasped. \"I got it! i got it!\". She squealed happily. She unwrapped her present like a monster and tried on one of her hats. One hat she got is a New York Knicks hat. And a Montreal Expos hat. She also tried on her Harry Potter jacket and it fit so perfectly on her. \"Than you! Thank yooouuuu!\". She kissed her wife a bunch of times. Little, soft gentle smooches. Sue giggled and kissed Carrie. \"You're certainly welcome babe. Anything for my sweet angel\".[Chapter 57] Chapter 58 It's finally here. Halloween. Carrie decided to dress as a nurse and Sue Snell dressed as a cat. Carrie was dancing in the bathroom alone while fixing her hair in the bathroom. Sue Snell put on her converse shoes and decided to sneak up on Carrie. \"Lovin meeeeeee\". Carrie sang. \"Nice signing and dancing\". Sue giggled at Carrie. \"Geez!\". Carrie felt startled. Sue giggled again and said \"That's how you should dance at the party. Carrie got angry but she laughed. \"I won't dance at no party. These dance moves are for you baby\". Carrie grinned. \"Mmmm\". Sue licked her lips at Carrie. Carrie sprayed hair spray on Sue's head. \"Agghhh\". Sue said. Carrie laughed and closed the door to their bathroom. Sue grabbed her bag and Carrie grabbed her purse and they headed out to Tommy's house. They played Dangerously in love by Beyonce. \"Dangerously in loooooooooooooveeeeeee\" they yelled as they Sue sang terribly. Tommy texted Sue as Carrie drove. We're are gonna prank her so good! He texted her. Sue smirked. Yeah. But I don't wanna scare her, she's still my baby. She texted Tommy back. It'll be a friendly prank. But we'll both apologize if she gets scared. Tommy sent her a message. Sounds good she said. \"I'm gonna get some soda\". Carrie said as she parked their car near the side walk. \"Okay babe. I'm gonna find Tommy\". Sue quickly changed into a Michael Myers outfit trying to hide. she put fake blood on Tommy's face and clothes. Carrie drank some soda and was watching two and a half men on YouTube. She was laughing as Allen Harper fell off the ladder. \"Ahhhhhhhhh\". He yelled. She spilled her soda on the floor as she laughed so loud. She completely forgot about the hallucination she had earlier. No more erotica Harry Potter fan fiction for her. \"Hey Carrie! Over here next to me\". Said Heather. Tommy and Sue's closest friends were at the party watching the first Halloween movie that came out. \"Okay\". Said Carrie. She smiled at Heather. They ate chips as they all watched the movie. Then they heard a scream but it wasn't from the movie. \"AGGHHHHH\". Sue pretended to yell feeling scared. Carrie immediately got up and went to find her wife. \"Babe? Where are you?\". She asked. Carrie went find her and what she saw next made her scream in horror and agony. \"Tommy! Oh my god!\". She yelled. She cried so hard. \"T-t-t-t-Tommy!\". Sue stood behind her and pulled out a fake nice. Carrie stood up and Sue grabbed her by her shoulder and Carrie kicked the person in the stomach!. \"Aghhhhhhhh\". Carrie pulled out Sue's mask and saw cleavage. \"Oh my god! Are you okay? I'm so sorry I kicked you\". Sue and Tommy laughed as Sue held her stomach. \"It's okay. It was just a prank\". Said Sue. \"I know. I got you before you could get me. So...Jokes on you!\". Said Carrie. They spent the night watching movies and snuggling. Chapter 59 \"I'm about to win! Just 1 out away from winning the series\". Carrie exclaimed to herself and Captain Marvel. Yes, she was hallucinating. But she could see Captain marvel and all her super hero friends. Captain Marvel struck out as Carrie won the series 4-1. Final score of the baseball game: 12-3. Spider-man opened up some freezing cold champagne and poured it on Carrie. All the avengers dumped champagne on each other, and celebrating. Captain marvel shook hands with Carrie and they gave each other a hug. Carrie won the series. And the bet. if Captain marvel won her and Carrie would remain friends. If Carrie won her and Captain Marvel (Aka Carol Danvers) would be a couple. And sue Snell is perfectly okay with that. She held Carrie in her arms as Carrie cried out of happiness. She gave a speech and Carrie said \"I've dreamed of this moment when I was little. I've worked incredibly hard for this. Thank you everyone for being here for me. For taking a chance on me. For everything\". Carrie got to sing to Captain marvel and finally kissed her.[Chapter 58] \"I'm gonna kick the shit out of you in this game!\". Carrie said feeling competitive. Kara adjusted her glasses. \"I'm super girl. And I'm a beast in this football game. Believe me, Carrie. I won't go easy on you\". She laughed. Carrie chuckled. \"Keep telling yourself that\". The game started and Kara got the ball. On the second play she threw an interception. \"OHHHHH!\". Carrie yelled happily. \"What?!\". Kara yelled in disbelief. \"Damn!\". On the first play on offense Carrie ran the ball for 15 yards. \"Ha!\". Carrie chose the Chicago bears. And Kara (Aka super girl) chose the Indianapolis Colts. \"Okay. It's okay. Still plenty of football left\". Said Kara. Carrie threw the ball 20 yards as the wide receiver caught it. \"What's happening? Where's your defense at?\". Kara was mumbling and shifting uncomfortable in her seat. She was getting angry. \"You just got lucky. That is all\". Carrie smirked. \"Mhm\". By half time Carrie was winning 21-10. And by the 4th quarter she was 28-13. \"Yeess! I have defeated Super girl!\". Carrie reigned herself as queen of the madden football game. \"Whatever. I'm out\". Kara threw the controller and walked away. \"Where you going? Kara, It's just a game\". Said Carrie. \"Yeah, well, you cheated\". She said. She grabbed her purse and left. \"Sore loser\". Carrie said. ","Summary":" A/n: I hope everyone enjoys this fan fiction story! Chapter 1 \"Don't be afraid of the ball, ladies"}]